cellphone|ill be honest with you and everyone elese i still havent received the product i paid for over a month ago
cellphone|Problem:This phone was sold as NEW and unlocked and we received it promptly after the Sept. 13th order fulfillment.On Oct 24th, the Phone failed completely. It would not re-start with soft and hard reset. It continued to be locked up completely with unresponsive touch on a fully energized main screen (the first "unlock" display present and waiting). The unit was taken to a local Apple Store (while we were traveling, Tampa Florida) and the Apple service agent checked the Apple database to discover that the unit was out of their one year warranty period by about 2 months.This phone also exhibited minor problems in use: Screen colors were tinted slightly orange; Apple locator on Google Maps had trouble locating the unit. We were willing to "pass" on these performance issues, but not now with a "dead" locked phone. When we took this phone to the Apple store, the technician also noted that the red water damage indicator had gone off. In the 6 weeks we had the phone, it was never in more water than the ambient humidity which further suggests to us that the "new" phone we purchased was indeed a used unit. The Apple Technicians will not go any further with service at this time. We have a dead unit.Request:A request for a refund in full has been made, via Amazon communications to the company (The OEM Planet) or possibly a replacement unit. Our problem is that they have simply sent a "boiler plate" return form, but the form clearly states a 30 day return policy.... there is no mention of what they will actually honor beyond the 30 day period (our case), and so we are presently stuck. We don't seem to have a true email address by which to continue a dialog with this company.In summary: we were sold a supposedly NEW iPhone 3GS, but all internal appearances are that this phone was never really NEW, but rather an used phone albeit with excellent outward appearance.If Amazon or The OEM Planet wishes to they can reference communications:The OEM Planet - Amazon Marketplace [...]
cellphone|I had two issues after receiving the iphone, one the center or home button was hard to push, after only one day of use - the screen displayed the itunes logo and a usb cable, i tried turning on/off several times and tried reloading thru itunes-failed due to iphone being unlock, this according to vendor i purchased the phone from. The vendor seemd kind and concerned about addressing my two issues, so I sent back the iphone for him to fix at my own expense, he reloaded software and stated in a letter I got with the repaired phone to NEVER update your iphone on itunes, and as far as the center button or home key, the vendor stated it seems to be ok, thus, no it was not fixed, so after spending several hundred dollars for this used iphone that was advertised as in great shape,was in my opinion not, buyer beware- software is one big issue with unlocked phones and performance or buttons are another, I used the iphone for another week and got a pineapple on the screen, so long story short, I ended up just buying buying a iphone thru Apple store.
cellphone|After the phone arrived, I notice immediately that it was missing the SIM card holder, so all I actully had was a very expensive iPod. I have since aquired a SIM Card holder, just to find out the the unlocked phone I purchased was locked. Because I know a little something about this phone, it is working find now. I am truly disappointed in you amazon, because I know you are better then this. I hope and pray this was just an oversight, as a number of my friends are looking to purchase from you as well.By the way, can I still get the SIM Card Holder that should have been in my iPhone from the start?Rev.CLC
cellphone|This unlocked iphone 3G is very good and can used T-mobile or orther network except Net10.Unfortunately, this unlocked iphone not includes any charger or original box.
cellphone|I bought a new iphone from the seller and after 3 days of receiving the phone, some buttons stopped working. Due to I live in other country, I took the phone for repair here, and was informed that the phone was not new. I had to pay USD 90 extra dollars to repair the phone.
cellphone|This phone is not unlocked by Apple corporation. This iPhone is illegal jailbroken. Never upgrade it! After first upgrade device stopped working and has become a useless piece of iron. The first update Apple has offered in first turning on.So, this device did not work even once!
cellphone|When I originally purchased for the phone, I opted for expedited shipping. Well that didn't happen because it took almost two weeks to get here instead of the 3-5 days that was promised with expedited shipping. After I had finally gotten the phone I connected it to my PC. It did a search and needed to be updated to the latest version, which had been accessible for quite a while. While I was running the update, the phone froze and was not doing anything. I took it to the nearest apple store for them to tell me that the software was screwed up on the phone and that the battery doesn't hold a charge at all. I had the phone to charge for more than five hours, and it was getting ready to die after only two. I then had to purchase a new phone with the store instead. Poor poor purchase.
cellphone|in my opinion this product., iphone 3G was very bad purchased., because its not unblocked and the main button its not working., and the battery not working good too., so my purchase was very bad
cellphone|I bought 2 Iphones on the same date and they both stopped to work on the same week. I went to an Apple store in Brazil for warranty and they told me that this Iphone is false. There is no serial number. Don't buy this. Now, I want my money back. See what you going to do with this. It past just 2 months and I want my money. I want a RMA to send these back to US. There is no serial number on the Iphone
cellphone|it is very bad condition, i never buy it again. the first time i used it, it was ok, but after a few weeks, this phone get problem,The screen is flickering..............
cellphone|This phone will not charge at first and when it did, it only kept a charge of only one day and the phone wont come on at all.this will be the last time i buy something from this vendor.
cellphone|I paid extra for the phone to be delivered in 2 days - it took 8, and when it arrived I was appalled at how filthy it was. There was gunk in every cranny, including the charging port. I don't expect it will last long.
cellphone|This product is very problematic does not stay charged it freezes up and barley operates the way that it is supposed to! the company that sold me this product will never have to worry about me purchasing anything else from them Amazon is a great website but the company sucks!
cellphone|Ordered used, unlocked iPhone from Cali Wholesale. Arrived w/o sim card tray. Spoke w/ Josh at Cali Wholesale. He offered to send one, or reimburse me if i purchased one locally. For personal reasons i chose to purchase it. Within two days phone stopped working (possibly my fault). Spoke to Josh again. He offered to reimburse my money or ship replacement phone over night since i was going out of the country on business. Replacement phone arrived the day i was to leave and has been working flawlessly ever since (60+ days). Money for sim card tray was reimbursed, too. Josh/Cali Wholesale was great. Highly recommend him/them. BTW, my computer guy was surprised to learn that my phone was 'used' since it looked so pristine. Thx Josh.Apple iPhone 3G 8GB - Unlocked
cellphone|When I purchased the iPhone 3G, I was under the impression that I was shelling out over $100 for a 3rd generation iPhone. When I received my iPhone in the mail (which was sent very quickly) I was very disappointed to find that it was an original iPhone. The phone was so old that I couldn't receive any iMessages, so anyone who sent a text via iPhone I didn't get the message. I had the phone for a total of 7 days before it stopped taking a charge and died for good. It was total bullshit and a sad day for me. I now have been using a $20 flip phone until they release the new iPhone on Wednesday!
cellphone|Product was returned! Screen went blank on the second day of use. WOULD NOT BUY ANOTHER PHONE ONLINE EVER AGAIN
cellphone|I received the iPhone from Chicago, IL and the sim card would not go in due to damage of the port. I returned it and yet have received my refund. I was told by the seller he refunded the money to my bank account which takes up to five business days and it's been over 14 days and no refund appears in my account, so I think I've been taken by this seller unfortunately. Be careful when buying from this seller.James
cellphone|the screen are broken and never work no good. i pay $75 dollar for fixed. please dont sale this producs.
cellphone|I actually got this iphone for my son,had it activated with at&t as a prepay phone,no problems , he loves it
cellphone|Product was delivered and both Wi-Fi antennas of both apple IPhone 3GS do not work. As I have been working overseas I received the item past the thirty day return policy and cannot return the item.Apple cannot help either as the purchase date shows 2008 while the phone was purchased on April 2012.I recommend not to purchase any electronic items via Internet to avoid the same challenges. I do hope that Amazon can somehow assist me,however the return policy says thirty days.
cellphone|The iPhone Came the next day. The condition was just as described. I am Happy overall. Would buy again from them
cellphone|Phone was supposed to be unlocked but wasn't. Phone works but will have to pay to get the phone unlocked.
cellphone|Great service and when refund was needed they were very nice and quick. Will use them on next purchase of phone for sure!
cellphone|I already posted once about having received my iPhone in great time and speed from Worldwide Distributors. Not to mention, the phone was brand new (no scratches) and jailbroken as promised. As a gift, I had to wait to see how it ran. We put the sim card in and it works wonderfully. As of now, there are no problems. The system is great and everything seems functional. We will make sure to not update through iTunes for any reason. I would definitely purchase from Worldwide Distributors again.
cellphone|this article advertised a "unlocked" iphone and the phone is not unlocked . i have to pay extra to pay to get it unlocked . other than that it is great .
cellphone|Iphone 3gs is nice because you can take pictures and video clips. I love the gps features and Internet connectivity. This cellphone has everything you need!
cellphone|A little dinged up but with a factory restore, update and re-installed backup I have a great working used iPhone. And, I didn't have to activate through iTunes. It remains unlocked. Super deal!
cellphone|I went online on my local community forum (PVForum) I bought 2 iPhones, one for $100 with an extra quick charge storage battery (Richard Solo). It had one tiny scratch on the screen and none on the case. The other I bought for $50. It had scratches on the case, but none on the screen. Both work great. As you may know, the new 4G phones actually only go at 3G speed - the 4G system is not in place yet. So, I got 2 virtually new phones for $150 combined. Beats $400 + for a refurb.
cellphone|
cellphone|This one is a verry good phone - it obvously has the drawbacks of not multitasking but the rest is greatInternally the iPhone based on Xperience it is very very very well made product because you really have to concentrate on its details and level of work DONE. But if They where to ever make any type of a change in casing or other details Apple will fall into the Trap of Mass Mass production. And may perish over time. Which is an idea that is unheard of. But a simple opinion. Take it or Leave it in the hand of Time. My Projection is 6.5 yrs I will be ready to buy an apple then. Currently because of SITE I use a very hard casing Mobile Phone for txt and calls only.this phone is still better than many other iphones that are 2 years newer.
cellphone|I just love this phone.. the only problem i'm having is an ios 5 file isn't there for my apps... I'm thinking it's the operators fault not the phone. but I love it!so far all is great!
cellphone|excellent product, good equipment, excellent audio device, nothing to envy of other players, although the signal is not very good you can say is a great phone
cellphone|The phone worked fine for a couple of months. Then it sporatically would not turn on or take a charge. Of course this happened a few weeks outside the warranty period. No problem, I took the phone to an apple store for a diagnosis and repair. Apple's report after opening the phone: It has a nice face but, contains multiple non apple parts.
cellphone|This product really sucks.. I bought a BRAND NEW iPhone and it still came with a virus.. Now I have to pay apple 99.99$ to get it fixed
cellphone|MUY MALA LLEGO CON LA PANTALLA MALA LO UNICO BUENO FUE QUE SE DELVOLVIO Y SE REGRESO EL DINERO, OK
cellphone|The phone is okay. But the charger stop of work after two or three weeks. Now, I should use my Ipad charger to keep going use the cellphone :(
cellphone|Do not buy this if you phone with Verizon wireless. It will not work and you will have to return it.
cellphone|I ordered this phone, and I received it. With no charger and unable to put my sim card inside because a piece was missing from the Sim card area of the phone.
cellphone|it got this phone for great price.but the phone itself seemed to me sort of slow. other than that everything is perfect.
cellphone|Great pictures and easy messaging. Easy to understand and work. You have to do too many updates. It really was unlocked, no problem working in Central America. It charges quickly.
cellphone|THE CHARGER DOES NOT WORK WITH THE PHONE.I DO NOT WHY.I USED IT WITH ANOTHER PHONE AND CHARGED VERY WELL.I THING IT IS NOT THE CHARGER OF THIS CELL.WELL,I HAVE TO BUY ONE. OTHER HAND THE SELLER SHIPS ME ANOTHER ONE.
cellphone|The phone was just what we ordered but my daughter wanted an iphone 4 so we sent it back to make the exchange. We were very pleased with the product and the timely shipping as it came it on Christmas Eve just as promised! Also we were very pleased with the refund process. No problems! We had a full refund within days and were able to order the iphone 4 quickly which made my daughter very happy! Excellent!
cellphone|This is an inexpensive way to get an iPhone. It works with my cheap pre-paid sim card. Many apps don't work with the old iOS 4.2, but I was able to find compatible apps to do all the things I wanted.
cellphone|The phone it self works ok except I have difficulty connecting to my wireless router. The charger is no good.have to buy a new charger
cellphone|they sent me a device which cannot be updated and did not include in their ads, it has cost but am not able to fix it, they wont replace because 90days has expired.
cellphone|I have an iPhone 3G 8G at&t unlocked and jail broken. The phone itself is great, however when it comes to apps it's virtually useless. Even with it jail broken I can't upgrade the iOS passed 4.2.1. If you are considering buying this phone, don't expect much out of it. You're better off spending a little more bang for an iPhone 4 or higher.
cellphone|This was purchased for my Grandaughter for Christmas. New in box and unlocked, made it so easy to switch it to the carrier she had.
cellphone|I bought this for my son and he liked it. He wanted the Iphone 4 but he loved this one.
cellphone|I have all ready payed U$ 200 so as to get it fixex, but I sitll have problems!! Had to get a new battery, fix the pin of charge and other things, Among other things I wasn't able to make wifi work!!
cellphone|the phone is too slow.. slow to the extent that i smash it to the wall or toss it on the floor many times because it's so annoying. I'm not sure because it's a 3G or something wrong with it. I used to have a 3GS and i never had problem with it at all.
cellphone|This phone is really dreadful. Radio Shack sold me a piece of trash. Not worth one cent. Hundreds of dollars down the drain. As soon as I got it it didn't want to turn on. Then suddenly it was working so I didn't return it. I must have had it for less than 5 months when the screen froze up. I wasn't allowed to make or receive calls. The headphone port wasn't working. I couldn't download apps. The camera wasn't working. The power button wasn't working. AT&T offered me no help with fixing this phone but expected me to pay them a hundred dollars a month for two years. Speaking of which At&T are bunch of thieves who just took money out of my account as they please. I wasn't even using the phone as it was broken and they would charge for a ton of data use. A real piece of crap. It is a shame Apple would sell a defective product and expect the customer to pay more money to get it "fixed." Sad because Apple was planning on releasing the iPHONE 4 which does actually work and is more like a cell phone. I'm sure they are aware that the iPhone 3 is defective. The iPhone 3 isn't even a cell phone. Apple should refund people's money back. I spoke to AT&T and was told to pay them several hundred dollars to fix a piece of garbage. Regretted not going with the iPHONE 4 as my husband's has been working fine and it's been over two years.
cellphone|Nice phone but the battery does not work. Tried to charge the phone and the battery simply does not take any charge.
cellphone|The phone is alright but the battery fails very fast and it is difficult to change battery, it is a technical piece of equipment.
cellphone|It is good,but too hard to open it. But the price is reasonable,so just accept it, maybe. Next time, I prefer a latest one.
cellphone|I recieved the product as described and in expected condition. nothing less then explained in description.great service and will definately recomend it to others
cellphone|this unlocked iPhone works well with the t-mobile network. it functions as expected. Only pity is that you can not upgrade OS, and some apps rely on new OS, then you can not install, such as skype.
cellphone|El cliente cumpli&oacute; con la entrega del producto a tiempo, por lo cual he quedado satisfecho para poder optar o tomar en cuenta para una pr&oacute;xima compra. gracias........
cellphone|Muy buen producto y entrega a tiempo , lo recomiendo , calidad y servicio , very good, excelente . .
cellphone|I received this (old fashioned, i know that) model , but the battery operates for only onde day , even with wireless disabled !
cellphone|I ordered an Apple 3G iphone on August 6th-2012 listed as &#34;new&#34; . After only a few months I was having problems with the wifi then the screen. I went to see if I could send it back I found that the serial numbers on the phone itself did not match the number on the box it came in. The headphones that came with the phone are both left ear pieces and the remote control on them doesn't work. I don't believe this is a genunie Apple phone and I think I was sold an inferior knockoff. Since the return policy of the company was only good for 30 days and the phone didn't start acting up until after the 30 days had passed, I was out of luck. What recourse do I have with this expensive phone that now will not work at all??? Please advise. Thank you.
cellphone|Not only did the phone did not work at all I had to pay to ship it back. Poor customer service!
cellphone|The iPhone we bought was faulty. It had a buzzing sound that would annoy the caller. It cannot be used at all! How could one sell such z product. The return of the product was not accepted as well. Beware from buying this or from the merchant if u r looking for quality products!
cellphone|I bought this phone two months ago and already got problem with battery (it runs out so quickly-I compared it to other phones with same spec and brand). And now, it is totally black-out.. The battery can never be recharged.. I already contacted the vendor for the first problem, they gave quick respond and fixed it. But for the second time problem, they only replied once, without further follow up. I have to use my old phone again. I hope I can get my money back, because the phone is not as I previously thought...
cellphone|the lcd was broken it was not unlock tried to contact vendor and did not get a reply my question.the appearance was good
cellphone|I have never had a phone with internet, camera, touch screen or anything "fancy". I got this phone as a work phone and love it! It takes awesome pictures. I use i tunes to download music and plug it into my car stereo to listen to them. Although I like that feature i tunes is a little overpriced, but thats besides the point.
cellphone|The information I was given about the phone before I bought it,does not match the performance of the phone since I have recievedit. I have be unable to make calls, and the battery needs to becharged every couple of ours, the phone is in poor working condition.I could not sleep at night if I sold things to my customers that doesnot work, I can only hope to be able to get my money back, or anexchange for a phone that works. Charlene from NJ.
cellphone|I hav ehad my iPhone 3G for quite some time and when I first got it I was very happy. Since owning it for a little over a year, the phone has slowed down quite a bit. But it is still an iPhone and still has great apps. I will get the 5G.
cellphone|Ordered this IPhone as a gift for my husband. Everything on it works good and the screen has absolute clarity but the case is pretty dinged up. I understood that it was a refurbished item when I ordered it but I really expected it to be in better condition. Other refurbished electronics that I have bought have been in very good condition but I would put this one at only fair. I can't say I was cheated, seller represented the item properly as being refurbished and I bought it as such, but I'm still a little disappointed. I won't return it but I don't think i'll buy from this seller again.
cellphone|This was my first time to buy electronics via Internet verses store. The Phone was labeled as new. I could not get to work so took phone professional. This phone appears to be a dud
cellphone|just after 1 month of using... and it was not responding at all.... just don't even think about buying it.
cellphone|all excellent, and I received the product in Venezuela, waiting times were set, many thanks, recommended 100%, thanks, success and blessings.
cellphone|I ordered this phone and when i got it it wouldn't charge at first for like 2 or 3 days. Decided to wait before giving a bad review. Finally got it to start charging so I went to straight talk and purchased their sim card o put in the phoneand called straight talk and set it up. All i needed to was setup internet and mms. We don't have wifi at our house so i had to go to McDonalds. I sat there for 4 hours just to find out that the phone was crap. I was on the phone with the straight talk rep just to find out that the phone tha was claime by the seller to &#34;work properly&#34; was not the truth. Every website i went to crapped out and sent me back to the main lock screen i could not do anything with this phone. It has shut off and will not turn back on. What a waste of money.
cellphone|Thank you very much for such products. I am very pleased with this purchase :) It is very practical and very efficient. Thank you very much. I am very pleased.
cellphone|The phone is not working after 3 months.You can not upgrade the phone or it would stop working.You cannot used certain apps.
cellphone|got the iphone from hp electronics . as advertised the iphone 3gs is new. factory unlocked from at&t. just in time. im going to europe on vacation. i need an unlocked phone . my at&t iphone 5 will work but id have to pay $2.99 a minute. which is crazy. very happy.
cellphone|If the order is not arrive by saturday it is not necessaire I get it I am gonna return it it takes to much time
cellphone|I am so satisfied with my iPhone. There were no scratches on the screen or the back. Easily added T-mobile's no contract annual 4G to the phone. Unlocked and ready to go!!!! Super excited. Thank you so much!!!!
cellphone|bought this phone from west net online and wouldnt charge, got a relacement and the same issue. these are old phones with dead batteries or nearly dead batteries. dont waste your time or money. if you want an iphone i suggest you go with a newer model unless your able to change the battery yourself. just not worth the time or money. two iphones and none of them worked, so a word to the wise, buy something newer.
cellphone|I just receive this phone and first what I saw was a sticker on which is warning: "Do not update this phone thru iTunes, it will lost unlock"Phone is coming with 4.1 iOS version and 6.15 modem firmware version. It is iPad modem firmware version, which unlock phone but lose some capabilities,like GPS.So, this is not factory unlocked phone. Do not buy!!!
cellphone|I would not recommend this product from them. I brought the phone and the jailbreak is defective and most of the system functions don't work and i want money back. I tried to contact the seller but to no avail, he hasn't even called back. The charging port don't work, the sms message don't work the phone was a total waste of my money. Do not buy this phone or any other device that from them it will be faulty just like mine and this will be no satisfaction. I am also very disappointed with amazon for not dealing with this matter. They have also been removing my comments about this phone and not dealing with the matter.
cellphone|When I received the phone it would not remain on for more than about an hour at a time- always went to a blank screen and refused to turn on again unless plugged in... was told that there was an error with the unlocking programme used on the phone however the company could not resolve the issue...
cellphone|Thank you very much for this phone. From the U.S. to Ukraine, he drove in three weeks. The only negative was washing in charge. Put photos charging and append it to the CIS countries need an adapter for Electric outlet.
cellphone|received iphone that was supposed to be new, but had a few serious problems.no sound during a phone call, home button doesn't work well and tends to get stuck and freeze not allowing to return to main page, no option to close open applications thus causing the phone to be very slow and lose total battery within the hour.very disapointed...
cellphone|This phone never held a charge. After 1 month of using this phone, it would not even turn on or charge at all. I do not recommend buying phones from this seller.
cellphone|Right from the beginning this i-phone 3G 8GB makes a noise which in mny cases makes any conversation unsupportable. My wife calls it "the airplane". I would rather call it the "Vuvuzela" like they used it during the Socker World Championship in South AFrica. With the difference that it isn`t just a background moise but totally in the foreground. I must doubt that those are new phones, but rrather are recycled. Or this is a prticularly bad specimen, or the business of selling those phones is not serious, to say not more.
cellphone|it was slightly a used iPhone , i bought it thinking it was new. other than that it was fine i guess.
cellphone|I bought the Apple IPhone unlocked with the assumption that it was in very good condition. However, since I received it I have not been satisfied with the item. The phone does not charge adequately. It leaves me to believe that it is fully charged and then it dies without notice. I have a very difficult time getting any reception and the phone is always freezing. I am constantly shutting the phone off and on in an attempt to get up back working correctly. I feel like this was a total waste of money.
cellphone|I bought this item from Zekostore because I heard they sold quality products compared to some of the other sellers. I'm so glad I did. If you're going to buy this, but it from them. The phone came in VERY early and was in the condition described (very good). Everything works and runs fine so far. I thought at first the battery was problematic but it turns out I wasn't leaving it on the charger long enough. Regardless, the customer service at Zekostore offered to replace my phone or give me my money back. Now that I know to charge it overnight, the battery lasts for two days! Very happy customer.
cellphone|Not happy with the purchased product1) Finishing did not look like an apple product2) on/off switch cover came off in 1st 2 weeks3) wall charger not working4) Battery drains daily(runs out completely in 24 hours - when left unused)
cellphone|Im using this phone for verizons new unlimited everything plan exclusively with no contract and unlimited internet works for me thanks Verizon. As of 5-7-2013. P.S loyal customers program earn free month service now:-)
cellphone|Its very good product. I recommend.Product by excellent quality and exceptional durability. No fail and no problem.No more comment. Thanks.
cellphone|You should display that the phone is jail broken, it should not be displayed that it is unlocked by Apple
cellphone|Product came in good shape, a few minor scatches etc. The phone works great although I didn't know the 3G is slower than the 3S model. I plan on buying another iPhone soon as I want to get away from contracts and will definitely look here first.
cellphone|iPhone 3G is discontinued by Apple, which means you will not be able to install ANY application. You will have a working phone but will not enjoy Apple Store :(I should have read reviews before buying.
cellphone|Excelente calidad y entrega en tiempo y forma lo acordado. Muchas gracias por todo. Esperamos volver a comprar muy pronto.lo recomendamos
cellphone|Ship fast. And they will work with what your ordered. 5 stars for sure. Keep the good service. They will make sure you get what you want.
cellphone|this phone crashed the moment i put music on it. smh. i am not a iphone person anyway. i dont really like them. i choose to use it anyway. never will i buy one again.
cellphone|phone had problems as soon as we received it, not all the features worked, and after three months it quit working all together.
cellphone|This phone is still very popular and can do many things, and it has the original classic look.Would recommend to Freind
cellphone|The phone doesn't work. I tried putting my SIM card and it doesn't recognized. Also doesn't hold a charge for more than I couple hours. I can't believe that they will sell something like this and advertise that it's new.
cellphone|Bought an IPone and got it on-time. Contacted them when I had a problem and they were more than willing to help.
cellphone|Shipped very fast AAA+++ would buy again in the future, bought for my daughter that lives out of state, for Christmas, she is very happy
cellphone|Thank you for your speeded delivery of this Iphone. The details of this product were accurate, and I look forward to doing business with you in the future. Very excited about this purchase!!!
cellphone|Chris from Wireovia is the best to work with. Knowlegable, polite, always respond within a few hours of sending an email to him either before, or after my purchase. I have already purchased two iPhones from him, and they all work great and my family love it. Now I am sharing this news with other relatives and friends newby. Great to do busienss with Chris from Wireovia! Item shipped out immediated and upgraded to a expediated ship, plus an additional surprise bonus gift of the phone cover for free.. all the good stuff. I can not say for others. But for me, I will work with Chris for future purchases. Plus, Chris still keep the same work ethic even long after my purchase and he remembers his customers on the first name basis.... Good stuff! Super Job, Chris!
cellphone|on time, correct and without problem. Thanks!I had a marvelous experience in buying with amazon.com! Very nice! I was very happy...
cellphone|This phone lasted me a few years. It did more than what my friends could do on their phones.For the price that i paid it was exceptional quality, and value.It even spent a year in Iraq with me throughout the deployment.Had no problems with this phone at all.I just recently upgraded to the Iphone 4S, what an improvement from the 3GS.
cellphone|Dear iphone,I'll miss you when you're gone. We had some good times, you and I. You even went and spent some time with a friend of mine and came back to me.You were a huge leap forward from my folding Kyocera. Thanks for having a camera and taking pictures of tons of awesome memories.
cellphone|I order an iphone 3 without reading the description. They are so nice to remind me to read it and give me another chance to make my decision and. So nice! Highly recommend to all !!!!!
cellphone|It came rally fast and in great condition. I initially thought it would take forever but it came in no time at all
cellphone|Todo funcional nuevo y como decia en la descripcion del vendedor ninguna queja, incluia el adaptador de corriente, cable usb, y cuna de carga.
cellphone|The phone wasdeliverrd to me still locked and we tried every attempt to unlock it without success. Some websites promised some expensive money to open the phone, and that would mean paying another money. It was going to be my son's bday present, so I had to got to a phone store to buy another phone at the last minute. I Felt cheated because I had paid for a phone that could not be opened or used. It just sits here.
cellphone|muchos problemas con el telefono, el cargador no funciona, el cable usb no sirve, no me gusto, no lleno mis expectativas
cellphone|Very good , arrive on time and everything works ok, and the I Phone is just great Partner to live and work with
cellphone|The phone arrived promptly and in good condition. Initially it worked great until I tried to upload apps, pics, and contacts. It then became frozen. I've taken it to both an AT&T store and the Apple store. Neither store was able to restore it. I have an appointment this weekend for additional repairs to try and restore the phone.
cellphone|After hearing everyone rant and rave about these phones i gave in and bought older one for less and it is large disappointment it is slow freezes and the lock or to blacken screen doesnt even work it has no way to reset except taking sim out and doesnt work on prepaid which is sad because most people are converting over too and i am true believer in my android which was free works great no matter where i am even in my house the iphone doesnt work i bought it for my fiancee and he hates it except for clearity of pics and i have digital camera if needed
cellphone|I will rate it 3 stars because it gave me a little problem, or the same, is good to use for three years.
cellphone|I received what I ordered and the description matched what I anticipated. Glad to own this phone. One problem is they discontinued the 3G so it only goes up to iOS 4.2 which isn't high enough to install most apps. The phone is slower than the 3GS but you get what you pay for. Not bad for the price I got it for.
cellphone|I think I should have got the 4 or 5, unable to add apps!!!!! but I do like it other than that
cellphone|since i had this i phone it has been one problem or another ,many times i can not received or call out sometime i will be on the phone ,the phone will just turned off by itself. this is a bad product .the cheap phone i had before this , i use it for long time with out any problem this phone always in searching model for text,calls it dose not matter what area first i throught it was my line provider than i realized it was the phone, amazon do sometme.by the way this phone was brought 5 mouths ago new.
cellphone|I needed to address concerns about my purchase and the company communicated well and worked with me to ensure my satisfaction. Would recommend them
cellphone|I bought a iphone here and i love it. it works perfect. These people have strong customer service and are very helpful.
cellphone|Great colors very vibrant for it being frozen! amazing with no sugar its that sweet!! can't believe its 8GB too AMAZING stuff!
cellphone|What else is there to say, this phone is the best phone money can buy. it literally does everything. Another amazing Apple product.
cellphone|I am an iPhone fan myself and own it. I bought this as a Mother's Day gift for my Mom who lives in India--that's why it had to be unlocked. She loves it and it has been an easy transition from her old cellphone. It was shipped on time--in good condition. Overall I was very satisfied with the purchase.
cellphone|I bought this Ipone in octomber 4 and five days ago this phone dose not work. can you tell me now what i can do?
cellphone|The I-Phone was in great shape as described. The dock cable had a little tear. I contacted the seller and they replced it right away.
cellphone|This phone is so slowly and the charge is not working. The sound is not clean I do not like this phone.
cellphone|Não &eacute; bom neg&oacute;cio adquirir um Iphone inferior ao 4. O Iphone 3G não permite a instalação de v&aacute;rios aplicados devido ao seu iOS, que não atualiza. Não recomendo o aparelho a ningu&eacute;m.
cellphone|I bought two iPhone 3g for my sister and brother in law, none of them were factory/country unlocked. So I had to spend extra money to get them unlocked. Also, one of the iPhones had a non-functional battery, which, again I had to buy with my own money back in home country and have it changed. I thought the extra $$ I was paying contrary to other iPhone 3g deals on Amazon would be worth it, but it wasn't.The only good thing I'd say is that the iPhones, although used, looked pretty much new.
cellphone|I bought this unlocked i phone and sent it to an asian country. They found out that it was unlocked and the software was not installed. Utterly disappointed..! Those who are buying this to use it in any overseas countries (even though the product description says, that it can be used in Europe for any GSM), be careful with your order...!!!
cellphone|When I got this phone the box it came in had a different searal number than the phone & was a 16GB not an 8GB Good for meNO the 3g did not work did a itune's reset to fix this problem after reset the phone was lock out by Apple (can not be turned on) Called Apple Tec support They said the phone was not unlock (most likely JAILBROKE) that the 90 day Tec support was over (had it just 2 days ) and that the carrier was a company from the UK called Orange WAS THIS PHONE NEW ? "NOT" The company in UK could not unlock it because I did not buy from themNext there was a card in the Box the phone came in saying if you Leave a postive feed back they will extend your warrenty 45 days (kind of like paying for a good feed back) after much searching (thanks to the card they left in box) I found out that Midstar cellular was the dist. of the phone got a hold of Paul Babichenko how said to e-mail them & they would unlock this phone that was 7 weeks ago I have left messages & no one has ever got back to me WOULD NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY UNLESS YOU KNOW HOW TO HACK PHONES & NEVER WANT TO USE ITUNES. Apple said if you call them with a seral number they can tell you if the phone is new & unlocked correctly IF the seller will not give you the seral number then it is not real unlocked phone
cellphone|It's kind of disappointing, since half the apps are made for the 4.3 operating system. You can't upgrade the 3g at all. It's good enough for me for right now, but the volume button is partially broken off, and I really wanted a certain game app! And OMG, watch out for the idiots that work in India regarding Straight TAlk...I have wrote letters about how rude they can be and how you can't understand them with enough clarity and they won't STOP reading from the script so you can ask them what you really want to know. If you buy for straight talk, first thing you must do is go to a wi fi hot spot and download the APN. then the 3G stuff will work! don't call unless you absolutely have to!
cellphone|My wife is not very tecnical and she wants a simple but good telephone and this 3G is all she need to handle with no much dificult and was new and unlocked.thanks.
cellphone|very good product, come in time at a good price. works good, I'm to buy this product. I will recommend it
cellphone|1. The product was delivered on time.2. Initially it was not charging (even after continuously charge for 4 hrs) and battery was completely drained. The phone was not able to start. Later it was started charging by local charger and then started.3. iPhone 3G is now discontinued by Apple. More info @ [...]4. Successfully able to register product on Apple site, but for the product IMEI number, the warranty was no more exists. (Apple.com > &#8220;Check your service & support coverage&#8221;)5. You will hardly found any AppStore application that is compatible to iOS 4.x.x
cellphone|Calling and texting work, but I couldn't download most apps due to the software being out of date. I wasn't able to update the phone so I talked with an iPhone Tech in my local area. I kept getting the same response, iPhone 3 is out of date, the company was moving on, and there wasn't going to be any more updates for the iPhone 3. If someone knows a way of updating it, That's great, but I didn't have any luck with it.
cellphone|The product is steel in miami i can say nothing about it, but i trust that everithing is fine w
cellphone|The phone was in pretty good shape overall besides the normal wear and tear from use over time but I soon realized the speaker on the phone doesn't work at all so if someone calls or texts me i wont hear it unless my phone is on vibrate which sucks and it was described as everything was in working order
cellphone|TODO MUY BIEN 100% RECOMENDADO PUEDEN COMPRAR CON TODA CONFIANZA TODO A LLEGADO DE LA MANERA CORRECTA LO MEJOR, LO MEJOR
cellphone|my son loves the phone thank you it was every thing we expected getting good use out of it .
cellphone|I ordered 3 phones to use in Southamerica. They worked OK here and over there with any 3G provider. Just changed the sim card and ready to go.Cons: do not update the operative system or it will be locked.Recommended product.
cellphone|jrsshop provided an excellent product and was available for any questions or issues that came up. I would definately recommend this seller for any product purchases.
cellphone|I am thoroughly satisfied with the service provided by Moe's Quality Electronics in the purchase of an iphone for my son, who is an out of town college student. My son was diagnosed with panic disorder, and it is imperative that we stay connected and easily in touch, so that we can manage his disorder, as well as his student responsibilities. When his existing phone went out, I ordered an unlocked iphone from Moe's, through Amazon. Delivery to his dorm was quick and easy! Moe's followed up with two emails, ensuring that the phone had been received. Thank you so much, Moe's Quality Electronics and Amazon!
cellphone|Love this phone and as my first Iphone it is a great tool. But would not downlaod Skype, Faebook etc Apps which was very disappointing. But inspired me to try the 4S instead!
cellphone|I bought this iphone bc they advertised as &#34;company unlocked&#34;. This iPhone is illegal jailbroken. Never upgrade it!!!!!!!!!!!! impossible to install skype, or share internet since the iOs is 4 and you need at least 5 for most of the applications....
cellphone|excelente producto, era lo que en realidad estaba esperando, me llego a tiempo, excelente compra, .) :) :) :) :)
cellphone|Only problem is that my ios system isnt updated and im afraid the phone will get locked again if I do update it which means I also cant get any apps because most of them require a ios system 5 or higher and I have 4.2.1 but besides that everything is great with the phone~
cellphone|I have barely had it a couple months and its already not working...it was working fine one minuet then the next i pick it up to try to type in my unlock code it wont even turn on...that was over a week ago and still nothing! and is charged not dead!
cellphone|Gentlemen. I just arrived in Buenos Aires, Argentina and put my local SIM card in the IPhone 3G 8GB and does not work........I repeat does not work............you sold it to me UNLOCKED and equipment does not read the SIM card. Please check your files andyou probably sent me a Iphone that is NOY unlocked.......WHAT SHOULD I DO NOW. being so far away from USA. Please need your kind solution to this subject
cellphone|i choose my rating because it is a TOTAL pos!! it wont carry a signal!! it searches wile the other phone that are on the same service have full bars...... JUNK!!!!!!!!!!hope this help you! jail broke to a 4.2.1 ios
cellphone|I was very impressed by the prompt delivery of the iphone and I have had no problems with it. I live in Peru, so getting an unlocked phone was very important for me and have been happy with it.
cellphone|I want to connect from home internet to IPhone 3G 8GB, but I do not connect home internet to I Phone 3 G 8 GB. I Phone 3G 8 GB does not have a Silence funciton. I Phone 3 G 8GB does not have a game sofware. The sound of IPhone 3G 8GB is small.
cellphone|Well, I need to say that I had the worst experience with the phone I've bought, the accesories weren't originals and the phone was extremely slow, the phone looks like it's rebuilt. It was the worst purchase I have made. I have had experiences with Iphone 2 and are much better than this phone 3G acquired. I felt like I throw my money away
cellphone|Expected a lot got dissapointed this has terriable battery and the phone is to small the touch screen sucks I will never buy another Apple product
cellphone|i didn't it like because i was very slow and i thought i could download apps which i couldn't so i thought it was just a waste of my money.
cellphone|Looks like its been scratch with sand paper.Sticky and very old!!!!!Is a second fone, to take it overseas.Im gona give it awayNow lets hope it works.
cellphone|I ordered this, it took about 2 wks but it was to be used over seas thats what i thought unlocked meant, in other words this phone is not unlocked! Other phones i got that said unlocked were unlocked and works perfectly over there. Cam dont work but very nice condition. Contacted them and not a word. IM NOT HAPPY!!!!!!!!
cellphone|Buy a new iphone and I have 4 days of use and the damage is already ensendido button, also the cable for charging, I realized that is used. Thanks for the help they can give me, to be exchanged for a new one. Thank you
cellphone|Recieved phone in a quickly time frame. Phone has a couple places on but does not interfere with the working condition of phone. Phone works great! Thank you
cellphone|I am not happy with the product sent by Amazon to me, recently I purches new Apple iPhone3G. This product have more than 2 problems. Its camera is hindered by something,so it is not able to take picture clearly, as well as battery backup is less as compared to new one, as well as it hangs some time, so i am not happy with this product.
cellphone|When i receive this everythign looks good , so thought its working , but when i came back to india and try to start boot up , its not up, showing to local vendor, and inform me its Power IC is damaged , wrote on amazone complaint but no reply so far :(
cellphone|I love the product and would definitely recommend the seller to others. I bought this phone while on my trip to US and was able to use it with my current service provider (vodafone) in India.
cellphone|I appreciate the service delivery , it's superb. I ordered an iphone 3g brand new and i selected five day shipping . To my suprise the phone was delivered within two days . To me this is efficiency . The phone is excellent its performing very well and i am using it even outside the States . Keep it up folks
cellphone|This was my very first "major purchase" from an online website and I was a bit nervous about it, but thankfully I had nothing to worry about! My phone arrived on schedule and was very well packaged. For a refurbished phone, you couldn't even tell that it had been previously used. It looked BRAND NEW! & it works very well and I've never had any problems with it. I LOVE MY iPHONE and I would highly recommend this seller to anyone who's got iPhone dreams on a flip phone budget. The price was very fair and affordable and I would highly recommend this seller.
cellphone|1. Bad screen,when you initially start the iphone, it can be seen clearly see the top of the screen is showing some flashing lines, which indicates bad screen;2. It is not SIM unlocked, I had this iphone connected with itunes, itunes recommends me to upgrade ios from 3.1.3 to 4.0, so that I can install GPS, I did so, then it says "Your sim card is not supported", is it really "sim unlocked" ?3. I had the iphone being checked by a iphone reparing personal, itune shows a picture that "First bought in 2010.11.**, first activated in 2011.12.11". First bought in 2010, I bought it as a new iphone, why it is first bought in 2010 ?4. Now it is a brick, I had paid 35 Dollar on repairing that, Just do not know whether it can be repaired or not ?
cellphone|Muy bueno. Pense que por ser usado iba a fallar o presentar rayas o golpes. Me equivoque, llego en perfectas condiciones, como nuevo. Incluye Cidya, por tanto no hay que actualizarlo en iphone store o Itunes, porque se bloqueara. Mucha gente lo ha calificado mal, pero es por no saber esto. Se actualiza solo por Cidya. Lo recomiendo. Saludos desde Costa ricaVery good. I thought that would be used to fail or have stripes or strokes. I'm wrong, arrived in perfect condition, like new. Includes Cidya, so no need to upgrade in store or Itunes iphone because it blocked. Many people have qualified bad, but not knowing this. Updates itself by Cidya. I recommend it. Greetings from Costa Rica
cellphone|This was a great purchase. I ordered it for a christmas gift late December and it shipped the next day. Perfect condition and works great!
cellphone|they don t leave customers straddled when issues happen. they are good and trustable seller. they respond my emails quickly.
cellphone|This was a great product and the purchase process was handled with ease.The iphone is one of the wonders of the century!
cellphone|I like it a lot. It is exactly the phone I was expecting. It is in good condition, it works fine. No doubt, I can recommend this product.
cellphone|This equipment has a fault, to connect the charger crashes and the duration of the battery in very low.I live in Ecuador and I will not travel to USA, as I can do to change it under warranty?Prefiero respuesta en espa&ntilde;olSaludos.
cellphone|It came like the condition said LIKE NEW!It Is the well known IPHONE 3 with the original accesories and boxed.
cellphone|Could not update frim ware. Could not use my Icloud account. Could not down load needed apps. I needed more from a phone.
cellphone|el telefono vino con el pin de carga da&ntilde;ado el vendedor es un irresponsable, tengo que mandar a repararlo por mi cuenta no lo recomiendo
cellphone|I cannot update the software, and the phone is currently failing. This phone is not unlocked, it is cracked, which is very different!
cellphone|Fairly happy with this purchase. I knew going in this was an outdated phone that most apps won't run on. I purchased this for my mother who was unhappy with her previous phone, so I got her this because I felt it was a much simpler user interface. There are literally only a handful of apps that run on this. Far less than I anticipated. No Facebook or Netflix. But she and I could live with it and you can still access Facebook over Safari. Basically if you're looking for a nice phone for talk, text, web, YouTube (built in app), weather, mapping destinations and a small handful of apps, plus photo taking and music playback, this phone is perfect. If you're expecting more, get a 3GS. Apple still supports that for the time being.UPDATEShortly after writing this the wifi quit working. It can no longer find a network. Have contacted the seller and am awaiting reply. I'm still fairly impressed with the phone. I don't blame the seller for the wifi crapping out, it is after all a 5 year old phone.
cellphone|buyer beware of 3g iphone unable to upgrade ..you will need it if your downloading apps..very sad that apple would rip people off and out date a iphone that fast ..i mean how long will the iphone 5 work 3 years and its a ipod you can make a call on .. boo too apple .. android phones are giveing iphone a run for ther money...even the g1 is able to do more than the iphone g3 ....
cellphone|DEFECTUOSO DE BATERIA DEFECTUOSO DE BATERIA DEFECTUOSO DE BATERIA DEFECTUOSO DE BATERIA DEFECTUOSO DE BATERIA DEFECTUOSO DE BATERIA DEFECTUOSO DE BATERIA DEFECTUOSO DE BATERIA DEFECTUOSO DE BATERIA ,,,,,,, ,, , , ,, ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, ,
cellphone|I got the ohone. It had more damage that was not specified like the sim card door was broken and difficult to get open. I spent over two hours on the phone with my cell service provider trying to figure out why the phone would not work only to find out that it was not an unlocked phone and therefore could not be used with my company. Hence why it was sent back and a refund requested. Not Happy to be lied to.
cellphone|the cons: had no chargers of wall or just the cord, did not come charged at all, and did not ship out on time but he had an excuess. and it had two noticeable sratches on there.the pros: made it on feb 21 like it was supposed to
cellphone|Dear Sirs: I don't know how to express my nightmare and un-satisfaction with the purchase of the iPhone, I bought it for my daughter who lives outside the United States and this is what I got:1-when charging the battery the charge goes up and them back and back until it turns of for lack of battery, so I have to restart it to be able to see the real battery chargethat that by the way if it says 100% full charge and a couple of minutes later goes down to 80% and them within 2 hours without use goes out of battery2-the bottom part of the scream does not work, when you try putting the password you can't due it because the tactile part of the bottom screen does not work.3-when answering a call with the volume at maximum volume you can barely hear the other person.In my opinion the product is a total failure, I have thrown my money to waste, may daughter so disappointed with the gift I gave her, and will NEVER NEVER again buy any electronic Item from this vendor or any vendor through AMAZON.COM, my recommendation ZERO "0" is a piece of junk.Sincerely yoursRamon J. Yepez
cellphone|I love my new phone easy to use and it came with accessories I would recommend this seller to anyone .
cellphone|Not a whole lot to say. I was kind of skeptical of ordering another &#34;unlocked&#34; phone here on amazon, due to the issues I encountered ordering a Droid 2 Global (which, by the way, wasn't unlocked and didn't have the right software on it). But, to my pleasant surprise, the Iphone was really unlocked. Everything was in the box and in great shape. It really looked brand new to me. It was ordered for a friend, so I don't have it, but I did give it a good &#34;once over&#34;. This seller is the real deal. You can order a phone from here with confidence that you'll get what you pay for...
cellphone|First of all, I'd like to inform that with less than one month the cell phone could not be charged. On the top of that, I have gone to an apple service assistance to check the problem. For my surprise, the technician from the store told me that the serial number from the mobile phone differ from the box. Second, the cell phone had been opened and it was missing a screw and had a stamp glued in the chassis. He just told me clearly this cell phone is now new.
cellphone|This phone got here pretty quick and did come unlocked. I inserted my simple mobile sim card and it worked just fine. Only problem is that no earphones or instructions came.
cellphone|The front screen is slightly leaning forward off the phone, and the lock screen button hardly presses but it does work. I'm not 100% satisfied, but it's ok.
cellphone|unable to upgrade phone to get the latest apps..such a waste!! will be returning this back asap!! what a waste.
cellphone|When faced with the prospect of buying an I Phone for my son I was not going to spend upwards of $400 so I bought this and am I glad I did. It works perfectly and looked new on arrival. Its great and my son is in vogue with all of his friends now. Thank you.
cellphone|I love my phone and I have had no problems with it so far.it was just as it was advertised and arrived in a timley fashion.I love Amazon.
cellphone|Good service from Vendor, but Apple does not give support to this I phone model, not a good thing as it gets difficult to get things done as other models
cellphone|The phone was amazing at first. Lots of apps, worked with lightning-fast speed. Good call connectivity, great battery life (lasts up to days sometimes, and only requires about 2 hrs to fully charge back up).however, the phone after 2 years of use is almost useless. Apps just quit on you for no reason. It constantly requires a re-start for anything to work. Maps is prohibitively slow. Might as well delete the feature.The kid at the Apple store told me this "performance" can be expected after 1.5 years of use. BS!
cellphone|It was easy to buy it, I found a good price at Amazon The Iphone came in time and in the same condition it was written, I am pleased with all the transaction.
cellphone|I was sceptical about buying this from 3rd party and not at&t. Didn't want their hefty plans. Meant to use it with t-mobile. I bought a 3G version first. Didn't work with t-mobile after a week. Abe replaced it promptly after I decided to go with a 3GS. Still didn't work with t-mobile in my house. Another email exchange with Abe who assured me they tested with t-mobile before shipping.Bottom line: Good seller; Bad t-mobile service; Good unlocked phone.Bonus tip: QDOS clear shell case seemed to make t-mobile signal stronger. Could be a coincidence.
cellphone|Todo ha llegado de forma perfecta, los productos muy bien protegidos, todo sin ninguna novedad, voy a seguir comprando en amazon, gracias
cellphone|The phone that I receive has not the bands open, which means that I have lo pay later 45 US$ to unlook the bands.
cellphone|I have a sansung galaxy sII, and unfortunaly bought the iphone to my wife. This cel phone is too slow. Any galaxy (Y for exemple) is far better than this.
cellphone|That is in my opinion.I'm am in the business of Manufacturing. It is a very complex trade off of Expenditure for different aspects of a given item or product line. When you have to decide Cost Analysis of Production, Cost Accounting and the Cost of Operation of any given business.Sorry to say I use DeLL. For PC I'm in the Windows ENV. It is made with the hard casing.Internally the iPhone based on Xperience it is very very very well made product because you really have to concentrate on its details and level of work DONE. But if They where to ever make any type of a change in casing or other details Apple will fall into the Trap of Mass Mass production. And may perish over time. Which is an idea that is unheard of. But a simple opinion. Take it or Leave it in the hand of Time. My Projection is 6.5 yrs I will be ready to buy an apple then. Currently because of SITE I use a very hard casing Mobile Phone for txt and calls only.
cellphone|Got phone, worked fine until I tried downloading some apps and error said I needed to update to iOS4 or better. Tried and tried, would not update. Took to Apple store today, they tried 3 times to update, sent me to Genius Bar, they checked it out, advised me that it had been opened and some wires disconnected. Tech reconnected, then tried twice more to update OS with no luck. Advised I had a faulty unit and they would not even take it back with a $150 exchange. Verry disappointed. Like the phone, and will try again from another seller.iPhone 3G 8GB (Unlocked)
cellphone|Thank you so much I was very happy to receive this item it works very well, unfortunately I dropped it in the street a few days after getting it the face is broken. Thanks again.
cellphone|I have acquired in 2 chances this article, the first sold it to a friend and went well, I get carried away and buy a second, but I was quite disappointed, not charging the battery and I have nowhere to complain and I am in Venezuela and lost my money on this article ...
cellphone|I cannot download apps because the owner never sent the password so that I could register it in a new name. Also it blacks out once in awhile.
cellphone|So, the transaction was smooth and the shipment on time.The Iphone was working properly and apparently not damaged. A few scratches around the corners but not a big deal. However, as I expected, the battery is not in a good condition. I have to recharge it everyday, sometimes twice a day.The iphone also came with the jailbroken software.Other than that, the phone is working great. Good product overall.
cellphone|This iphone is kinda wonky acting, but it was refurbished and I knew that when I bought it. It just does weird things, like go to the home screen right in the middle of my doing something. But the seller was good, and we had good communication
cellphone|I got the iphone in time in good conditions. However, I got a defective charger andthey didn't send a replacement. I contacted them several times without any response !!!!
cellphone|Very Pleased with this purchase!!! The iPhone was new and perfect in the box! I had to do a bit of troubleshooting aka put a small piece of tape on the back of my sim card to keep with from jiggling around in the phone, put in a hack to be able to send pictures, but I think these are issues that come with every unlocked tmobile iphone. Thanks so much!!!!!!!
cellphone|I Bought it for my wife and she loves it.The battery time is very poor. I recommend you to buy a back up battery.
cellphone|You cant find anygood price like this anywhere. Even if you do it maybe not good as this one. An freaking iphone 3G ? its gonna get ur butt runing all day if your a school boy like me. but i would highly reccomended to get this phone. So dont wait ! peoples. you know your a little excited when you read this comment.Features.3Megapixels Camera480p Screen resolution8 GB storage to store some of the junk you download :-) you know u do.3G network connection, Good to web browsing some websites.Wifi buiting. cannot affort a internet connection ? use your router.Jailbroken: You can downloading Apps freely. i mean the appstore seems a rip off unless your rich.
cellphone|He his a good man to do bussiness with. He take good care of his customer. I will recomment him to anybody.
cellphone|I have been using this phone for the past two years and I just hate it.First of all, the coverage is very bad. I have used a Nokia phone before switching and it was a lot better.Secondly, suppose you go into a basement and you lose the signal, once you go outside, it takes about 10 minutes for you to get the signal back even if you are standing in a very strong coverage spot. I live in an apartment where there isn't a very strong coverage and more than half of the day, I have absolutely no signal due to this.The alarm is crazy. I've missed many important appointments because of this phone. It sometimes rings on time and sometimes it rings only after I unlock the keyboard!!!The battery life is horrible. I charge this phone twice a freakin day and I don't browse or listen to music. Decreasing the brightness helps but it becomes difficult to use it in the sun.Bad Sim card location. Apple thought it would be better to make the sim difficult to access but sometimes if you press on the sim location instead of the power button per se, you lose the signal and it takes time to come back. This thing also gets loose with time.Bad antenna. Put your fingers on the top while talking and the signal is gone.Camera has no auto-adjust which makes it difficult to take nice pictures.Painfully slow.Bad wireless connectivity.It takes a decade for the phone to switch back on and it is quite annoying if you're battery dies while talking to someone because you would have to wait a lot to continue your conversation.Lastly, the OS sucks. You can only do so much customization.I used to be a hardcore fan of apply but not anymore. The only thing I still admire is their laptops though they are overpriced.For now, it is time to switch to Galaxy SII.
cellphone|ITS NOT NEW,AND ITS SAYS NEW IN THE LISTITS SAYS UNLOCKED,BUT ITS NOT UNLOCKED FROM APPLE,SEEMS TO BE REFURBISH....???THE DELIVERY TOOK MORE DAYS, IM FROM SOUTH AMERICATHE SCREAM ITS DAMAGED,I HAVE A VERY BIG DECEPTION...!PLEASE BE SURE, AND I LET YOU KNOW IN ABE_123YOU CANT TRUSTTHE WORST EXPERIENCE BUYING IN AMAZON
cellphone|iphone 3g is stale , out of date and boring......i would rather go with the samsung galaxy android phone rather than iphone and their ios that never changes in 5 years.
cellphone|I purchased this item for my son in Guyana and needless to say i ended up feeling very embarrassed because my son cam not make calls when he does he can't hear anything. the phone is not working and in worse condition then they mentioned. terrible I would never buy from Amazon ever again!
cellphone|These phones are not worth what you pay for them. I used to have this very phone and I switched to an Android six months later and never looked back. I love their iPod's but their iPhone's suck. They're way too slow and the screen is small compared to most Androids. I would not recommend iPhone's to anyone. The new iPhone 5 is just a waste of money and time as well!!
cellphone|I purchased my phone on the 26 of july from zekostoreit arrived 4 days after just on time. when i saw it I was so excited about how it looks for a used iphone, it looked great with everything intact and no scratches on the screen just a few on the back nothing major. I was so excited to recieve my new phone and trusted Zekostore they are the best. After taking my phone to the store to put in my sim card it worked very well no issues at all .This is a steel of a deal I really wanted an iphone to work with my simple mobile sim card but cannot afford one at the stores or even at At&T .When I found this seller I was so thankful that I did and happy that I took the chance to order from them. I am sooooooo happy I know there are not so great reviews here but this seller is greatttttttttt....Love you all.Happy customer in Maryland
cellphone|I was always averse to buy phones online because most of them do not turn out to be well. But the one I bought from Zekostore has been AMAZING. It looks like new, no scratches on screen or back. Unlocked works with any carrier- T-Mobile and AT&T and even international carriers like Air Tel. I loves this phone and highly recommend buying from this seller.Not to forget, their customer service has been AWESOME. Yosse has been very helpful and prompt in responding to my queries.
cellphone|dont wast your $. it didnt even work its pice of shet. dont wast your $$$$$$. this company sucks phones dont work . trust be its bass. dont buy it u be disapoments like me . and if u what to return it they tell u cant becouse 30 days past bye. which is bullshet. u have 1 year waranty
cellphone|the phone is used also not released, has rebuilt parts and missing screws in addition to other pieces, the battery does not work by goodeal05
cellphone|i recieved my iphone and first when in the for connection they told me was broken the jack (charger conection) so had to pay for something supose was new . two days ago phone is block so pay again for conection and had to pay for replay battery was swelling and broken... was trying to contact with amazon but someone online cant answer my questions...so i decided dont buy nothing else with you .....thanks
cellphone|After I had finally gotten the phone I connected it to my PC. It did a search and needed to be updated to the latest version, which had been accessible for quite a while. While I was running the update, the phone froze and was not doing anything. I took it to the nearest apple store for them to tell me that the software was screwed up on the phone and that the battery doesn't hold a charge at all. It is a scam
cellphone|exelente de verdad un articulo nuevo en muy buenas condiciones el envio fue rapido y llego a su destino en menos tiempo de lo esperado recomiendo este articulo
cellphone|Hi when i tried to update my new phone, Apple gave an error 1015 on this phone that it was jail brake an locked the phone.
cellphone|The phone is very slow... it comes with out-dated software. the notifications do not come up on the phone.... im returning it
cellphone|The phone does not work well because they get a lot of notices of applications. For example, the application I could use Viber for damages arises. Hearing aids are damaged.
cellphone|I have bought a iPhone 3G UNLOCKED phone. No where it was mentioned that the iphone was a jailbreaked handset.After buying this phone when I connected to iTunes, it prompted to upgrade the iOS. When I selected yes, then the iOS was erased. That point of time I came to know that the phone was not "a unlocked by company" but it was a jailbreaked handset. I am really upset with the product. I don't know how to re-install iOS. So beware "UNLOCKED" phone. it may be jailbreaked.
cellphone|The device comes to you ios 4.2.1 installed which s heavy for iphone 3G.Everything s so slow and also phone has many problems.On keyboard first row didnt work.YYou definitely should stay away this product.
cellphone|I ordered an iphone from this store and sent it oversea as a wedding gift. Months after, my friend told me the iphone was totally a knockoff. At the beginning she thought it was just a little slow, and the app icons looked different because it is oversea version. However when she took it to the local app iphone store, she was told that "it is an knockoff with an iphone shell!!!!"I can't get the fake iphone back from oversea but I really want to sue this company and get my money back. Anyone knows how?
cellphone|I purchased an Iphone, the second day, I looked down and had no screensaver. after touching the screen I noticed that it was asking me if I wanted English, then USA, then it was telling me to please reboot using ITunes. I did this and phone worked. It later would not let me send messages. button would not work. Then I had the rebooting problem again. After the third time, of reboot all in a week of purchase, I contacted vendor,he suggested I go into the Apple store with it. They were not nice, said I probably bought bootleg or refurbished phone. After I told them where it was purchased. They suggested I get my money back. I am still waiting on my reimbursement. As for as I am concerned Apple and IPhone can drop off the face of the earth. This was not a good experience for me.
cellphone|Hello, during the last month you ComRes amazon products for several thousand dollars, and I am deeply disappointed with their quality control on some products I've bought you and Amazon.I live in Colombia and now I want to mention two iphone to buy from you last November 26, 2011, both units were shipped without the stamp and one of them is damaged, not working, I contacted the support center apple and they tell me that this team has a warranty expired long ago.I demand an immediate solution, because I think they have deliberately acted in bad faith. I am in Colombia and I demand a refund immediately or send to my home again and sealed equipment.SERIAL NUMBERS ARE DEVICES:86839WA6Y7H87922XS9Y7H
cellphone|it is a jailbroken cell phone although they told they would fix it but have to pay xtra bucks for that. not a good idea to buy.
cellphone|I purchased two Iphone 3Gs from CELLSMAN and less than a month after they both no longer work. I bought them during my vacation in Miami in late October, now I'm in Brazil. Lost over $400.
cellphone|Item works for now, but was not advised of crack screen, have yet to try it with a sim card, plug and cable were useless. BTW it is NOT UNLOCKED!!
cellphone|This phone was BOMB at first then things started to go down hill, the phone wouldn't stay unlocked IDK why? it gave me such a problem I decided to pawn it and get a non-iPhone. That experience turned me off from iPhones forever plus everyone and there mommas have a iPhone and that in it self turned me off I don't want to be like everyone else and if that means not spending hundreds of bucks and saving hundreds of bucks on a phone than so be it :)
cellphone|Before I buy something.. I be sure to look at the reviews, and when I looked at these reviews I kind of put it off, because there wasn't many good ones. But, eventually I just got it and I'm SO glad I did. I got a refurbished one and it looks brand new. I had it for a few weeks now, and still.. there's nothing wrong with it. I may just have to start buying phones from here.
cellphone|Ummm , yea this product was not what i was expecting at all. I returned it and they never gave me my refund so idk wtf amazon got going on but .... im considering deleting my account with them. shrugsss ... i wouldnt suggest it for anyone. And the seller does not give enough info about the products.
cellphone|they said this iophone is unlocked which is very frustrating to me, and i tried asking for a refund and they lied to me and confessed the lie, told me that it wasnt their problem, and then blocked me.
cellphone|I bought this iPhone as a gift in October of 2011, it was shipped on time and eventhough it is a very old model of the iphone, i bought it new.The person that received this gift did not tell me at first but i found out later on that it gave him so much trouble that he stopped using it after 3 months time.He later told me that the screen stopped responding at first, then there was no sound, then it would not turn on. He sent it to an Apple specialist to fix it, but they told him that it would cost more than what the phone is actually worth. so he abandoned this route.The reason i am writing this review today is to warn people who might be thinking of buying an old model iphone, most probably those are refurbished because they had a manufacturing problem.I bought this phone as brand new from the seller and it did not work, had i known earlier i would have returned it and got my money back. BEWARE!!!!
cellphone|This was my first time purchasing an unlocked phone and an iphone, so I don't have anything to compare to. From the time I put in the sim card to try the phone out I immediately knew I didn't like the phone. I am not tech savy in regards to cell phones so I don't know all of the terminology but my previous phone which I loved was a HTC EVO and way superior in my opinion. I don't know if it's just the unlocked phone that was lacking but the phone is completely not worth it. I will be purchasing another droid ASAP... I basically wasted my $$ on this phone. The apps run super slow (if they work at all), forget about gps could NEVER get a signal, browsing is super slow, not as sleek in design as I would expect of an iphone, this phone is basically worthless to me.
cellphone|I bought this phone a month ago and one day it turn off automatically and when I reset it the phone was on vibrate and the speakers went dead. I complained when I purchase it that this phone was not 100% new as thd screen was not really shiny and the lock button on thd top was kind off press down and not fully functional.I complained to Ross cellular where I bought the phone from and they told me to delete my comment and they will refund 30$ to my credit card.I did not have a choice but to accept this offer as returning it on my cost would cost me 100$ from Amsterdam, the Netherlands. Very very disappointed and will never buy online from amazon again or other sellers listed on amazon.
cellphone|I purchased a iPhone from Wireovia and it didn't work. Emailed them back and forth and had to return it for repair. received it back and it still did not work.
cellphone|I felt really bad when I got a phone that I found under the category LIKE NEW in evident used conditions.
cellphone|These items were advertised on AMAZON as NEW. Before buying these 2 items, I contacted the selling company 'Bytes of Deals' to ask whether they were in fact BRAND NEW, as in unopened & in original packaging from Apple & whether they would have the original 1 year Apple warranty. The company assured me that they were absolutely new, unopened, never used & in original Apple packaging & would indeed have the 1 year Apple warranty. To assuage my doubts this company offered to provide me with two new Applecare 2-year extended warranties. Based on this information we purchased these two Apple iPhone 3G&#8217;s. After receiving the products I had to immediately travel overseas where I am now located (Germany).Today I tried to register the iPhones via the Apple website but the automated information given there - based on the Serial # ID&#8217;s from the phones - explained that these phones had been PURCHASED in 2009. I then called Apple & tried to register the iPhones for their supposed original 1 year Apple warranty. However the Apple representative explained exactly what their website said which was;1. the phones HAD been purchased in 2009 & NOT by a wholesale reselling company (like Walmart) but by PRIVATE individuals.2. Apple would NOT honor the original 1 year warranty and,3. that even the two Applecare 2-year extended warranties were valueless & could not be honored or registered.This company &#8216;Bytes of Deals&#8217; and their other FRONT company called &#8216;iCellPhones&#8217; ] is selling through Amazon website and is telling OUTRIGHT LIES via Amazon. This is an outrage and AMAZON is responsible for permitting false advertising & lies on their website. I will expect that Amazon (or Bytes of Deals) will pay for the international return shipping for these products.I would suggest that you BUY 10 &#34;new&#34; iPhones from either of these charlatans and then return them for the same reasons. May be they will get the hint & start being honest. I doubt it.
cellphone|We are Americans living in Europe so we needed an unlocked IPhone. The prices in the European country where we reside for an IPhone are double compared to the US. I wanted to buy this for my husband for his birthday. I had it shipped to my parents in the US and it arrived just fine with the recharger & USB line, earphones with microphone, etc. It was packaged very well. But if you also need an IPhone to use outside of the US, here is one thing you MUST be careful about. When you hook the phone up to your PC to activate it, do NOT click on the option to upgrade or change the existing settings. If you do this, you completely mess up your phone and you will need to take it to a computer specialist or Apple store to restore the settings. This happened to us. But the computer specialist in our neighborhood fixed it right away and my husband has been using it for over a week without problems using the SIM card from his older cellphone from our European provider. He has downloaded his music in ITunes without problems and makes calls and sends SMS without problems. So everything is fine now.
cellphone|I took this phone to Ecuador as a gift. Even though it was advertised as inlocked, it did not work from the beginning. It is impossible to return things from such a distance and I did not try it out before leaving the states because it was a gift. I am not sure about other countries, but in Ecuador the government is doing what it can to keep phones from being brought in. I don't know if this phone was blocked or just defective, but bringing in Iphones to this country is iffy at best.
cellphone|The phone is not new. It is jailbroken. I worked well for 15 days. Then it just stopped working. When you go to apple they say the warranty for this pone is expired. It stopped working after 15 days. Do not buy it!
cellphone|The used phone came in great condition,very good phone for the value!!!!I'm happy with my purchase!!!The phone is working good.
cellphone|the iPhone works for just 10 days, after that time it could not be charged (it was not the charger), now I doubt that the phone was really new
cellphone|bought this phone as a present to my sister when i went to visit her in Jordan, 1st we discovered that it has no video camera!!u can only take photos not videos!!at 1st it was a little slow then after few days it start getting slower and slower and suddenly it jammed and turned off alone! because she lives in jordan she couldn't send it back to me to return it so she send it to a phones store to fix it and they told her that this is a very bad quality phone and they couldnt fix it!! i was sooo embarrassed from her and very disappointed because i payed alot of money to buy a worthless phone, i never wrote a review before in any product i bought but because i dont want any one else got cheated by this phone and lose their money im writing this one, just be careful and dont get fooled by the cheap price, pay a little bit more and get a much better quality
cellphone|The product I knew it and it is OK. The problemis that I bought it "unlocked", and have to have a technician to really unlock it to be able to use it in Uruguay, where I live. There is still a problem in getting wifi signal, I must approach too close to the router. I bought it as "new", but I feel this product has been refubirshed or so. I will buy next product ar apple store directly. HAving lived in US, I should have returned this product.
cellphone|I love the low price I paid. It was ordered as a Christmas present for a family member being deployed to South Korea who needed an iPhone unlocked. She calls home everyday on it. It works just perfect. She is very happy with it and I could not be happier with this purchase.
cellphone|Phone appeared brand new in immaculate condition, however the battery died after two weeks of use. Receipient is currently purchasing a new one and will see if the new battery lasts.
cellphone|I highly recommend this seller. The used iphone was in great condition when it arrived. A few scratches on the back but the phone works perfectly. Two thumbs up!
cellphone|I bought this cellphone for my husband as a gift for Valentine's'day, he is really happy about it. I had to take it unlocked because we are living in Haiti. We are pretty satisfied: just had to insert the SIM card then ready to go. Very good tool and useful features.
cellphone|ALERT ALERT ALERT ALERT ALERT SCAMMERS!!Buy this phone on December 11, 2012, January 15 was delivered and I had to wait until it came to Venezuela about 2 weeks, works well but no one listens to me when I call, I went to the store and I iStore accepted for purchase by phone amazon and they always have these kinds of cases, to my surprise told me that the phone is a iphone rebuilt and therefore accepts no me, no one to repair it, the phone serial no and disagree obviously because there are one thousand phone, the charger does not work, is lined with marker, the headphones do not hear well.I think a lack of respect and ethics that play well with people's money.DAMN SCAMMERS.
cellphone|This was my first time using Amazon and will be my last time. I bought what i thought was an apple 3g phone off your website sold by HP Electronics it was advertised as a factory unlocked Apple 3g phone. I owned it one day and I had a problem so i took it to Apple and they proved to me that is NOT AN APPLE 3G PHONE IT IS A F'n CLONE . That would have been fine if it had been advertised as that but it was not. So i chatted with someone from Amazon (I think) last night and was told I have to deal with HP as they are a third party supplier. and I have to deal with them. Well that is BS I paid you and i should be dealing with Amazon only and nobody else if it had been advertised as a clone I would not be complaining. SO WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO ABOUT THIS OTHER THAN TO TELL ME TO CONTACT HP ELECTRONICS. Oh gee yes this will fall on deaf ears because this survey is probably handled by a 3rd party survey companyGeoffrey ( disgruntled ) Clement
cellphone|Very good economic product. We are having trouble with the battery, both will not charge readily, or does not hold charge. These batteries may have been sitting in their boxes too long without use. Or ???
cellphone|Great product but listen to the people you buy it from if they tell you not to up date the ios do as they say.Battery doesnt last that long I just think because one it is used and two is that im always on it talking on facebook.
cellphone|Very happy with the phone, didn't have to wait long for the arrival. Excellent price!Would recommend it to everyone!
cellphone|I thanks Chris for responding all my e-mails and helping me during the process to exchange my damaged phone.I recommend this business 100%.i
cellphone|Arrived promptly and in excellent condition.Has been an excellent ,solid purchase althoI knew the I-4 and upcoming I-5 have bellsand whistles. Does all a 64yo gentleman desires.!!
cellphone|I purchased this phone in September 2011 but now the phone is not working as desired. Additionally, the screen lock button goes inside & makes it impossible to lock the screen.Upon contacting the seller, they said they'll repair for $80. It looks they buy used phones and sell them as new on amazon.DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM THIS SELLER IF YOU CARE FOR YOUR PRODUCT & MONEY.
cellphone|phone arrived in a non-working condition. it was not what i thought i was buying. phone should have been better described in listing.
cellphone|The I phone was faulty , they did deliver a new unlocked but a faulty one, the microphone does not work, since the start of the new phone. I am screwed for 330 bucks , wont reccoment any one to buy from here.
cellphone|Got two iphones to replace mine and my husbad's, neither worked, hat to spend over 100 dollars with a technitian, and still not able to function properly. Awfull product. Couldn't return them, since we trew away the boxes... Next time rather pay a couple of dollars more and buy directly from Apple!
cellphone|I ordered two I hopne front the same company, ones is just perfect and nice, but the other never charges... How come? I charched all night made one phone call in the morning then the baterry was dead!!What can I do? I don't know where to call or if the will refund or send another I phone!! Can someone give an ideal?If was for the that I would give a five star!
cellphone|Save yourself the time and money by not buying an Apple IPHONE. One real good reason is ITUNES wants to update all the time, you can not put music on your phone. You have to buy music from ITUNE. Updates to my phone eventually locked it up to the point of no more worky. Could not get on the internet without going to Apple's website and downloading a file for the phone to work with my phone carrier. Touchscreen no adjustment. volume control lousy, not at all pleased with Apple at all. I have had Nokia, LG, and Samsung phones and have been pleased with them Thought I would try a IPHONE. What a joke. They want you to pay for everything. I am used to a sd dick plugged into the phone to play music. Not with Apple. So just save yourself the time and trouble of not buying any Apple IPHONES.
cellphone|Don't be fooled by the title that says UNLOCKED. The phone is LOCKED! period. And it is written in the product description. I realized that only after few hot exchange of emails with GagetWorld to explain to me why is the phone LOCKED when the title clearly states "Apple iPhone 3G 8GB-Unlocked". It was my fault because I didn't read the product description, and it was they'r fault that the title said UNLOCKED and it actually isn't, now I need to unlock the phone by myself. Still the phone looks like new.
cellphone|El tel&eacute;fono me lleg&oacute; con las especificaciones tal cual dec&iacute;a el vendedor, NUEVO y realmente DESBLOQUEADO, trabaja perfectamente con las operadoras venezolanas, se escucha bien y se conecta al internet perfectamente, s&oacute;lo he notado que tarda un poco al cargar las aplicaciones o p&aacute;ginas, pero puede solucionarse con una actualizaci&oacute;n de software que aun no le he realizado, adem&aacute;s que como todo iphone le dura poco la bateria y en mi caso solo carga directamente de la computadora porque del toma corriente tarda demasiado, pero eso son detalles que a mi parecer no dependen del vendedor. realmente recomiendo este producto y mi decisi&oacute;n de comprarle a este proveedor "the OEM Shop" fue por los comentarios de los compradores anteriores y ahora yo tambi&eacute;n quiero compartir mi satisfacci&oacute;n con ustedes para que compren tranquilos.
cellphone|I got two out of three I requested despite my appeal to get this sorted,no one has ever repliedI believe it must have been from one of the sellers and it is a big problem because. One cannot track the items
cellphone|Do NOT buy this phone. Just don't. The phone is slow and there are not many apps that can be used on this outdated phone. Also, my phone got stuck on the apple logo start-up screen after a few months of use because of the jailbreak. This phone was horrible. Do not waste your money!
cellphone|I am so pissed of when I operate the phone, and came to notice that it is not working at all. I returned the product.
cellphone|The first phone got hot and the battery discharged in 4 hours from a full charge, so I returned it. I tried to update the software in the second phone on the Apple site and was given an error 1015, which stated the error can occur when an unauthorized modification to the IOS has occurred, also the phone could not be restored. I called Apple and gave them the serial number. Apple advised me the phone was NOT NEW (as stated on the web page) and the warranty had expired some time ago. They sold it to a company in europe March 19, 2003. Further APPLE stated they NEVER sold ANY UNLOCKED iPhones prior to the iPhone 4 and had NOT unlocked this phone (as stated on the web page).
cellphone|This phone got re-locked when I updated the softare. Make sure you are buying factory unlocked phones and not this junk that was probably unlocked by a 12-year old in his basement.
cellphone|I've recently bouht this phone during a trip to Miami.1. I was charged extra for the 1 day delivery and it took 3 days + a complaint to get this item2. The iphone is unlocked by software. In the box a had a note saying it was jailbraked or sonething. I cannot freely update the software using itunesI seriously doubht (2) is legal in US.It is a shame this things are sold by Amazon.
cellphone|Wireovia sold me an altered phone which does not work and they voided the warranty by their alterations. They also refuse to take responsibility and remedy the situation.
cellphone|I bought my unlocked iphone3gs from Apple for $375. It came with charger, Usb, and earphones. It is SO easy to use.I can use it as a regular phone or a smartphone. I have no problems with it at all. It's the first smartphone I've owned and I'm delighted with it's ease of use.I'd recommend Apple's unlocked iPhone3GS for those who do not want an expensive monthly data plan and also for those who travel. It's simple to swap out the simcard. Added bonus, it comes with the new ios5!
cellphone|I purchased the Iphone for my 13 year old son as a birthday gift. I currently have Tmobile as a my cell phone provider and didn't want to go thru the process of going into a new 2 yr contract or purchase an expensive phone thru the plan, so I searched because he always wanted an Iphone. The phone was delivered within 3-4 days I believe which was very fast and it was unlocked as it stated and it was in very good condition. I called my cell provider and updated my data plan for his line and they were very helpful and the phone is working without any problems. I may purchase another one for my mother from the same company. Very happy with the phone.
cellphone|THE DETAILS OF THE PRODUCT STATES THAT THE PHONE IS FACTORY UNLOCKED. THIS IS NO TRUE, THE PHONE IS JAILBROKEN AND UNLOCKED ON THE BASEBAND 6.15. IT COMES WITH THE FIRMWARE 4.1 AND NOT THE LATEST ONE FOR IPHONE 3G/3GS WHICH IS 4.2.1.OTHER THAN THIS FALSE DETAIL OF FACTORY UNLOCKED THE PHONE COMES AS DESCRIBED IN THE DETAILS AND WORKS FINE AS LONG AS YOU DO NOT MISTAKENLY UPDATE THE SOFTWARE AND HAVE NO KNOWLEDGE HOW TO UNLOCK IT AGAIN.
cellphone|I owned the phone for over 2 years, and I enjoyed it tremendously. The iOS works well and is more streamlined than the current Android OS. The battery on the phone lasts long as compared to other phones in the market. I recently upgraded to the iPhone 4, which is a big improvement over the 3G phone. I recommend this phone to anyone that wants a smartphone but doesn't want to spend very much money.
cellphone|Understood that apple iPhone was unlocked,but i believe someone has used it as well as i coudl see pics onto the phone.
cellphone|I bought an unlocked refurbished Iphone because I will be using it overseas and I wanted something almost as good as new but without the pricetage. For the most part, this phone has worked well but has a slightly faulty SIM chip insert. At times I will get a no SIM card installed reading. This usually corrects itself, but it is annoying because it has led to some missed calls and if I ever needed to make a call urgently and ran in to this problem, then it really would be a problem!Bottom line, you're probably better off going with a new phone. If you want to save some money and are prepared for a truly used product, then better to go with a used phone vice a refurbished one, which is still pretty pricey.
cellphone|I am very much satisfied. it works great and i love it. would like to buy one more. Hope they will still have this in stock.
cellphone|Before You buy an IPhone 3G, OR 3GS;* Make sure you buy an extended warranty that will cover you for total replacement (eligible) up to, at LEAST 2 years, and here's why:I bought a brand new 3G in 2008---in 2009 I had a problem with the phone and took it to the Apple Store. They looked at the phone, claimed it had gotten wet since I had it( As if I'm a kid that would let my phone near a drop of water! I'm 50 years old!) and that the warranty was void...I bought a replacement that day because I needed the phone for my job...last year I bought a second 3GS for a family member's Christmas present and both of these phones have CONSTANT issues with their speakers. The speaker problem on my phone has become so bad over the past 3 months that No One can hear me AT ALL when I send or receive calls now.My IPhone is an IPod Touch now...the other iPhone is on it's way too- don't WASTE your money on the IPHONE unless you can afford to buy a new smartphone every year.
cellphone|The phone i received from this company was in poor condition. It was used phone , that was previously returned by someone else with issues. It would shut off, freeze and finally entered restore mode and would not come back on. Was also sent a broken charger. Have tried to contact seller many many times, finally spoke.with someone today and they would not help me out. I was told to call Amazon!!!! Poor service , never trust this company
cellphone|I bought the iphone as a gift unlocked. when i came to my country argentina i discover that it wasnt unlocked and i had to spend 50 dollars for unlocked it i will not buy again to this person
cellphone|just one word amazingI had a bad experience with my last purchase online with a blackberry storm.So i was kinda worry for this one but so far so good
cellphone|I previously purchased an Iphone that came with "no Wifi" and very low battery life. The seller has been supportive on providing the online software tools for trouble shooting, but there were inefficient making it a hardware issue. While the seller stated that no refunds would be made to open box items. He is willingly to take the phone for full refund.This shows how the seller takes the extra step for customer satisfaction, problems caused and a good reputation..! Specially with web2.0 If you make customers unhappy in the physical world, they might each tell 6 friends. If you make customers unhappy on the Internet, they can each tell 6,000 friends.Congrats Abe.!Jorge
cellphone|I purchased the phone for my teenaged son. We received the phone on time and unlocked as promised. The first day my son gets it he locked the phone and couldnt remember the code. I asked The Wright Bros could they help me with it and they said sure no problem. I sent the phone and it was sent back good as new. Im very happy with their service and expertise and if I want another phone I will definitely use them
cellphone|Hello,This was my very first Apple product and I assure you it will be my very last.I bought a supposedly NEW one on Amazon. The seller's name E&H Electronics. www.amazon.com/shops/A1Y1K73KS093WJI was in hospital and then recovering for a while so did not open box until past the 30 days allowed for returns. Two days later, when I tried to reset to factory settings, the phone went completely dead. Still on but the screen completely black.I took it to an Apple store in Woodland Hills, CA. They looked up the history and said the "NEW" item I was sold was actually purchased by the seller in 2008. Apple would not provide any help and wanted $149 to fix it.What was most amazing was the Apple employee's attitude: arrogant and insolent. "It's your problem. You didn't buy this from us... Can't help you... You should've known."I wrote to Amazon and E&H Electronics. Neither replied back.Here are supposedly titans of customer service - Apple and Amazon - and both performed no better than a street hustler.Amazon fronting for a fly-by-night seller who made no effort to warn me that YOUR PHONE IS BRAND-NEW BUT HAS NOT WARRANTY! - who could've predicted that? A phone that goes dead after 2 days of use. A total jackass 20-something Apple employee who had the audacity to blame me for all this. And a company (Apple) that knowingly dumps old phones to third-parties, of course knowing many buyers would get screwed.Corporate America has actually managed to change the meaning of "new". It now could mean new with zero expectation that it will work past 30 days.This paper-weight will remain in my possession as a reminder of the dishonesty and arrogance we have to tolerate everyday. And I look forward to kicking Steve's ass when I get to the other side.
cellphone|Right now the iPhone is working properly and I already check the iPhone is the overall situation is very well. Finally I am satisfied by the seller for his immediate reply.
cellphone|I bought two Iphones from here both are refurbished ones . i just want to say its worth the amount rather than going for new iphones i think this is best
