cellphone|This product attend me perfectly!Beautiful design, soft and sensitive touch.I am satisfected with this product I have bought.
cellphone|&#34;Not comment on the description that came with the 220v charger and now I have to invest for a 110v charger.&#34; for Sold by: Techno.Trading.House. I don know why came the 220v charger, here American use 110v.
cellphone|Super phone. Very slick looking, fast and user friendly. Nice colour. The only problem is the international version will arrive set in a different language...this video shows you how to change to English or another preferred language[...]Otherwise perfect!
cellphone|Great product, light, beautiful, and a Very powerfull machine! It's a Very good deal, due the price and quality. I recomend.
cellphone|What can I say phone is awesome features to the heavens love it a must have best phone I ever had...
cellphone|Excelente! 100% recomendado, operaci&oacute;n garantizada, con equipo contaba con sus respectivos precintos de seguridad, resguardado. Gracias. Saludos cordiales desde Venezuela.
cellphone|EL EQUIPO LLEGO EN PERFECTAS CONDICIONES TOTALMENTE NUEVO, CUMPLE CON LAS ESPECIFICACIONES QUE OFRECE EL VENDEDOR, ES RAPIDO, TRABAJA CON CUALQUIER OPERADORA AQUI EN VENEZUELA
cellphone|Nice device, I have nexus one and it is very similar. We will see if this model is better or not
cellphone|I absolutly love this phone, i probably will never go back to an iphone again. Every angle about this phone is better to me other than the sexy look of the iphone with its glass and metal like finish
cellphone|I used this phone with my straight talk plan and it works perfectly I was able to link my Facebook to it as we'll as my google contacts with no problem
cellphone|El telefono tiene una excelente pantalla y es muy rapido por eso le doy 5 estrellas , es un telefono , muy ligero y bonito
cellphone|I have nothing to complain about this phone. I am very satisfied. It is better than i was expecting. Great phone...
cellphone|It is great and my only concern is the battery consumption: if you get addicted to using it, you'll drain the batteries too soon
cellphone|Perfect couldn't ask for better. The service was excellent and the product is more than I expected. Glad I purchased it.
cellphone|I bought this phone as an upgrade from my Samsung Galaxy Note phone. I had it since July 2012 and a few months ago I started to see on my top right hand corner of teh screen a purple hue. I havent dropped the phone. It's been expanding slowly to the rest of the screen. The screen works and I am able to use my phone but I wished there was better quality. Samsung phones are great, would change them but I feel thet could be made with better quality materials. I would recomend the phone but be careful with it, its extremely delicate.
cellphone|great phone and computing systemi like it and definitely will use it for my primary phone and recommend it to relatives
cellphone|awesome,also they bring very quickly and in good conditions .maybe you can buy an accesory fron here . h
cellphone|It is all in the description, and I bought it knowing that this version is non LTE and, despite it is Quad core, it is slower than US versions due to only 1 GB of RAM comprared with 2 in the US version. My wofe has the HTC one X and, apart from the screen, it is much better, faster and stable phone than the S3 i9300.
cellphone|I really love it. I think this is the best smart phone in the market right now. It has already updated to Jeally Bean.
cellphone|That's a very good phone. Unfortunately I didn't got an answer on some of my questions, before I bought it.
cellphone|This phone does not work with Mac computers - connected via USB cable. The downloaded driver and other directions from Samsung do not help at all. I am using OS 10.8 and the phone has the latest Android 4.0.4. I tried everything and looked on the web to correct the issue or work around it. No luck. Without such connection it is difficult to load any music on the phone. Moreover if your car has USB connector to your sound system, most likely connecting this phone will not work on it as well. It is really a shame because the phone is really sleek and nice, great responsiveness and good design. Sorry but I am going to return the item and wait for iPhone 5 which hopefully, will save me all this headache.
cellphone|Snappy, sharp, sleek, this phone is a masterpiece in how much Samsung has packed into this thin device! If you travel the unlocked version is the way to go!
cellphone|this device is awesome! no issues!probably only thing is I was so used to have the power button at the top... and volume buttons are trending more to the middle of the device instead of closer to the top... so when you put it in horizontal is easy to touch them unwillingly. But you can get used to it and it won't be a problem then. Not as a big issue to remove a star for it
cellphone|This cellphone is kind of expensive. However it has lots of useful features.It has some cons, for example S voice does not work as well as you may think based on the ads. also the battery discharges to fast, in my case it does not even last a whole day.
cellphone|Buy this mobile exactly 5 months and a day like any other stopped working. Bring it to a repair center and was told that the main board was burned. Research on the internet and it turns out that the Galaxy S3 have a hardware defect, at 5 months were burning main board. I tell them not to buy this mobile, because it has no warranty, and lose their money, as I now have to buy another, and pay only 5 months ago more than 500USD laying burn that has no warranty. If I had, samsung knows the problem and they changed to a new one, but since it does not, just lost my money. Thanks to this sale. Not lose their money, do not buy this mobile.
cellphone|I bought this phone as a factory unlocked one. I received a T-mobile version which was unlocked but not the International version. The international version is much better that the US version. It so much faster when you stream on Youtube, and the screen is resolution is so much better. The international version is supported by a quad-core processor, not dual core as the US version. Don't be fooled by the fact that the US version comes with 2 gigs of RAM, because the quad-core processor of the International version still makes the performance much better even with one gig of RAM.I hate Amazon because I was fooled by one of its garbage sellers.
cellphone|I love my Galaxy S3. I travel all over the world and haven't have a problem with it yet. It took a little getting use to at first since I was a iPhone 4 user but I with the bigger screen and faster processor I've already forgotten about my iPhone.
cellphone|Battery life was always a disadvantage for iPhones and hence while switching over to a smart phone I decided I will get something really smart in terms of features, battery life and looks. The other day I saw the Samsung Galaxy S III advertisement while browsing through channels and I really liked the looks of it. Inorder to get a better understanding of the product I checked Amazon to get technical specifications. Satisfied I placed an order. My all new Samsung Galaxy S III arrived last week and here I am to talk about it. I have never seen a better screen resolution with any other phones. The operating system S3 is faster. Talk about the camera, the 8MP camera offers 20 shot burst mode and gives me the flexibility to choose the best photos among them.
cellphone|I purchased this because my Galaxy 1 (aka the Vibrant) was slow and unreliable and because Samsung and/or T-Mobile decided to quit updating the OS. What I really wanted was a faster and more reliable version of the Vibrant with a nicer camera and a GPS that actually works. This phone has met those goals BUT between samsung throwing in every half assed app they could think of and google sinking it's social and "play" media hooks in, there are like 30 programs on this phone that I'm never going to use and can't delete. Because it's awesome not to be able to rid yourself of things you're never going to use.It's also constantly trying to teach me how to shake my phone and flip it around to accomplish some asinine purpose. Every item called a "feature" under the product description is completely pointless, especially the touted S-Voice.That said, once I turn off all the annoying crap I'm sure the phone will eventually be pretty sweet.
cellphone|Es un excelente tel&eacute;fono, me encanta el dise&ntilde;o, en cuanto rendimiento es s&uacute;per r&aacute;pido, el software est&aacute; muy bien acabado, la interfaz grafica es muy buena, el S3 no calienta tanto como el S2, y le dura m&aacute;s la bater&iacute;a. Lo recomiendo mucho.
cellphone|No complains about it, it delivered and works perfectly without any flaws, just as advertised. Highly recommend, and you should get this phone
cellphone|This phone is a master piece compare to all the phone I used. It is user's friendly and easy to use. I am proud to recommend this phone to anyone - It is perfect in every ways.
cellphone|This phone is great! Lots of features and Apps. It came on time, unlocked and ready to use here in Mexico. I took the Sim card from my iPhone 4s and inserted it along with a 64 GB SD card and turned on the phone and it has worked flawlessly on the Telcel network.Amazon did a great job.The only phone for me!
cellphone|I love this phone. Bit of a learning curve with all the features on the phone. I honestly haven't found anything to be disappointed with yet.
cellphone|My olnly compliant is about the battery, it doesn't last long, the phone works very good and is impressive at all.
cellphone|Working well and enjoying the phone every time I use it.Brilliant touch and look. Recommended if you are looking for high end smart phone.
cellphone|This is from the perspective of a seven year old. This smartphone is much like an iphone. Its very useful but, I think it should be smaller. Its great. I like to play games on it although gaming is prettier on the apple counterpart.
cellphone|I had a blackberry 9790, and i bought two week ago this Samsung, it's amazing, I think it has a big screen, works very well, my battery works excelente, it's Amazing Smartphone, it interface its lighter for use.
cellphone|my new toy for christmas!!!!i found this device in amazon market place and i loved it at first.and price was awesome!! i expect enjoy it for long time
cellphone|The phone I purchased works perfectly with the carrier I intended to use it on. (Straight-talk)... The company sent me the SIM card, It took a few seconds to install... contacted straight-Talk with the required info... within an hour, phone and data were in full operation.Now I have a top of the line phone with an unlimited phone/data plan at only $46.00 a month... ( half the price of other carriers. )
cellphone|excelente el producto lo recomiendo, llego en buenas condiciones. el empaque es muy bueno, no estaba abierto y a tiempo!!
cellphone|Excelente equipo y excelente los servicios del vendedor al entregar a tiempo y en optimas condiciones el producto requerido por mi..
cellphone|This phone is SO cool! Plus its unlocked so it will work on any network! But the only problem I have is that I cant silence the camera noise since in other countries besides 'Murica its illegal or something to have a silent cell camera. Privacy rights or something. Youll have to get root access to silence the camera. Event third party camera apps wont work to silence it.
cellphone|excellent treatment and responsible negotiation, are recommended to buy, thanks for the sale, I hope soon to have to buy back their products
cellphone|Samsung Galaxy S III/S3 GT-I9300 Factory Unlocked Phone...THE BEST. killer smartphone. excellent product.arrived ok as expected. product and timing ok. ok . . . . . .
cellphone|It's amazing smart phone, i would recommended to buy to anyone, is better than the other. A little big screen but it's Ok
cellphone|I became the product in time. It is a great cellphone and it works very fast, the only problem is the battery.
cellphone|I am not objective about technology because I used an old cellphone but I can say that is was unlocked and it is functioning good in Colombia with 3G.
cellphone|excellent phone, a little big but it fits the reality of modern-day phones. the best competition in the market and one of the best brands
cellphone|Before I bought this superb smart phone I did a lot of research and comparison. Then I read the smart phone ratings in Consumers Report and it helped me to finally decide on this instead of an iphone. You will not be mistaken in choosing this very good phone. It is very highly recommended.
cellphone|This is my first android phone, so I wanted to have a quality phone, I have to say that so far I am very happy with my purchase. I'm not really a "gadget and widget" kind of person so a lot of the technical specs are lost on me, but the ease of use and simplicity of the phone has won me over!. My only criticisms is that the absolute basics are not made obvious, eg: I could not find any info on how to answer the phone , I looked online and on youtube and looked through the basic manuals that came with the phone, I felt quite silly to not know how to do such a basic thing. fortunatey my nephew came to the rescue, and of course once you know ...it's so simple.I am a person who is vision impaired so being able to change the text size is convenient and helpful, I tried the speaking feature that comes for people with vision issues, but I found it to be too intrusive, even obnoxious, and was the cause of our first and only fight(Sammy and me-Sammy is my phones name, obviously!)Oh yeah...You can give your phone a name, and wake it up with a "good morning"...ah the magic!!Overall, I can only say again that I am very happy with my phone and would reccomend it to anyone looking for a new experience, even my 80yr old mother has used it and she is a "technophobe".
cellphone|This phone is great, but i have a complain... i live in south america where this pone works excellent. But i usually go to USA for bussines and this phone is banned on Tmobile so i cant use with my line. Very dissapointed with that.
cellphone|From the moment you first turned on, it is easy to use, with advanced technology, just as good as the competition. You will be in another dimension.Must take into account the first time you turn on the phone to set the language correctly.This phone goes beyond what I expectedRecommended 200%
cellphone|Esta super lindo, muy practico y me encanta... No me ha dado problemas en lo absoluto y se los recomiendo!!!
cellphone|Product was in perfect condition! Arrived as it said even thought it was around Christmas time. The phone is very user friendly, quick, and takes great pictures. Lots of interesting features.
cellphone|I'm completely in love with my cute Samsung Galaxy S III/S3 GT-I9300 Factory Unlocked Phone. It's awesome!!! Very light and incredibly beautiful!
cellphone|very good product is fast, betifull, and utility is very fun and practic, i recomended this product, good product, exelent resulution
cellphone|Buen telefono, buen procesador. calidad de graficos. Gran capacidad de memoria y es muy bonito. lo recomiendo a todos. gran compra.
cellphone|This phone is amazing! I had an iphone before but this phone has blown me away! I love it, it's easy to use (Not as intuitive as the iphone), better resolution, better camera, great performance, just awesome! I love it and would not like to change it anytime soon!!
cellphone|Good phone. Just noticed slight change on swipe prediction since looks to me my gs2 was little bit more accurate in some instances, although I cannot fully verify this.Better to get this one than att version, even losing lte.
cellphone|Hi, i bought this phone with no problem. I have used it for 3 months and then the phone's motherboard gone bad. I have contacted Samsung but they did not help me at all. Because of the phone being international version, that's what i think, they asked me to contact Taiwan. Can you believe it, i am buying the phone from US and they want me to contact taiwan when there is a problem. Samsung did not take any responsibility of his product even it was under warranty. So i contacted Amazon and they have somehow solved my problem. Thanks to Amazon. But be careful when buying international version phone.
cellphone|I have to start saying that I am an Android fan. Before using this model I had a Galaxy GioThis particular model was everything I expected, the performance the upgrades, everything is a lot better than previous versions.I was afraid about the size, the last model I had was 4.1&#34; so I though 4.8&#34; was too much. The first time I made a call did feel weird, but with time I got used to it. It fits great in my pocket even using a protective case.the battery improvement is great. I use my phones a lot, so I had to charge my phone twice per day. But now, with the same use I charge my Galaxy SIII every day and a half.The instructions came in English and Hebrew, and the main language for the phone was Hebrew, but don't worry. The first time you start the phone you get to change the language in the first screen.
cellphone|This phone is fast and light. The screen resolution is great. With the ability to add 64 GB of added storage to the phone, on top of the 16 GB internal (making a total of 80 GB), you should never have a storage issue with this phone. Pretty much anything on this phone can be customized which is the main advantage of this phone over the iPhone 5. The phone takes great pictures (for a phone) and the video quality is pretty good too. The battery life is ok. I charge it every night and as long as I don't play games on it the entire day it will usually last until I go to bed at night. If you are just using it for texts and calls and the occasional web search then the battery should last you all day. However, if you are constantly web browsing or streaming videos or playing games then you will probably run out of battery before the end of the day.
cellphone|Great phone and SO MUCH MORE!! Am loving learning all about how to use it. It is very easy to figure out and offers many helpful hints as you go along.
cellphone|Its a incredible cellphone, super fast, hd screen, excelent aplications, all you can use it for a good price, you can buy this cellphone with closed eyes, also protect your cellphone with a otherbox case for a extra protection.
cellphone|mobile phone with an excellent display, very fast, the truth is an excellent mobile device.Despite the large, easily handled with one hand
cellphone|EL PRODUCTO ME LLEG&Oacute; EN EL TIEMPO ESTABLECIDO EN LA COMPRA, TODO BIEN Y EN PERFECTO ESTADO POR LO TANTO RECOMIENDO AL VENDEDOR COMO SERIO Y RESPONSABLE
cellphone|perfecto excelente hasta la fecha sin problemas gracias de nuevo un placer hacer negocio con ustedes muy agradesido gracias por todo
cellphone|This is the best phone that has come to the world market to date.I think this is more than iPhone in many ways.My brother has a Iphone 4s and was watching everything the mine offers and decided to sell the iPhone to buy a Galaxy S3.At first I thought it was overkill when critics called it &#34;the iPhone killer&#34; but I think they are right.
cellphone|This phone was delivered on time by the supplier, so I could use it overseas. Once I was overseas, the phone was easy to set up as it came already unlocked. I used it all the time and always performed as advertised, no problems whatsoever. I will highly recommend this phone, which I think it is better than the I-Phone.
cellphone|Muy contenta con el envio a tiempo y el producto llego en muy buen estado y a tiempo. El telefono cumple con mis espectativas.
cellphone|a great article, I to worked very well, is a product that meets the needs for which it acquired, and does not disappoint me, complying with each and every one of my needs.
cellphone|I like it very much. Hope the model stands with all accessories for a long time in shelf. I wish it was cheaper so I can buy another one in red.
cellphone|i just love this phone so much it a great buy and the price is just wonderful fnljkgh efh f jdfbv ldkjfhvlefhv sdhfioerh sduveuih uhfv udsf hfv dfg gr drg rt
cellphone|excelente producto, lo recomiendo para aquella personas que deseen un equipo de alto rendimiento a un costo bajo comparado con los otros tel&eacute;fonos de misma caracteristicas
cellphone|Pros: Great phone, very stylish and easy to work with. Nice screen resolution, although more could be desiredCons: Too big, difficult to cary.
cellphone|perfecto la entrega del envi&oacute; con todos sus accesorios en perfecto estado desbloqueados estoy muy feliz con el producto lo recomiendo.
cellphone|Selecciono este rango por que el producto es de buena calidad, y la entrega fue a tiempo.Se los recomiendo
cellphone|I have had this phone for a little over 2 months now and I have absolutely no complaints. Delivery was on time and item was in PERFECT condition. Just stuck my sim card in and it was up and running SWEEET.I would recommend this ten times over. Even the most avid iPhone users in my life we totally fascinated and wanted to dump their iPhone and trade for an SIII.Great apps, great speed, just an awesome phone.
cellphone|excellent product, what I asked was expected, a quality 100 % , quality at low cost, the finish is spectacular, the colors expected, I recommend this product to buyers, are you going to like, thanks ...
cellphone|Nice, excellent product, i'm very happy whit this shop, Nice, excellent product, i'm very happy whit this shop, Nice, excellent product, i'm very happy whit this shop
cellphone|Muy buena, hice buena compra. No me arrepiento de la compra hecha. Bajar los precios un poco m&aacute;s por favor s&iacute;?
cellphone|Its hardware specs are over kill. Quad core processor! and yes, everything moves smoothly and quickly on this phone. There may have a few delays here and there, but that's expected.This phone requires both hands, although you can use it a bit with one hand.
cellphone|This phone is excellent for android lovers, with a big beautiful screen (yes, it's pen tile, but in my daily use it has never bothered me). The quad-core processor is fast and responsive, and the micro-sd card expansion is a welcome addition, in these times when sd card slots seem to be on the verge of extinction. The Jelly Bean update is available, making it even better.
cellphone|Just love it. Still going through the process of learning how to appreciate all the features it has come with. One complain I have. The Quick Guide booklet suggested to go on the Samsung website and download the user manual. I tred that several times and have not been able to do so. The site directs you to everything else including washing machines, vehicles etc. and no manual. That I found to be very disappointing, as I was hoping to obtain as much info as possible relating to the use of the phone.
cellphone|The phone was delivered within the required time and in perfect condition. Living in Europe, it was important for it to be unlocked and I have had absolutely no issues using it. Getting to grips with the phone is super easy - very instinctive.Love it!
cellphone|I will preface this review by noting that I owned a Nexus One (loved it) then a Thunderbolt (wasn't as fond of it). I am biased toward Android phones. Actually, I briefly thought about getting an iPhone solely because of the number of options you have as far as software, accessories, etc. However, I have always HATED the small screen of an iPhone. When I heard the 5 was going to have a larger screen, I was interested. When I saw what they actually did with the 5's screen, I was sorely disappointed, and knew I was sticking with Android. I used to love HTC as my last 3 phones were from them (starting with HTC touch). I felt like they lost their touch, no pun intended.So I went to this phone. I believe it is better to purchase a "mainstream" phone as more popular devices receive better ongoing support. Coming from the Thunderbolt, I was never even going to see an ICS update, let alone Jelly Bean. Anyways, to keep it short and simple, this feels like a real phone to me. It is zippy (especially with the JB update), has a large, beautiful screen that is easy to read, has 4g, and has a pretty decent camera to me (although I am no authority on cameras). The only downside is battery life isn't what I expected. It's definitely an improvement to what I had on the Thunderbolt, but this is where they need to continue to focus on improving. All in all, I don't know how you can not like this phone? The only bad I have ever heard about this phone is that it is not an iPhone.
cellphone|Amazed!This is a great phone/tablet/computer/etc, etc, etc!! I just loved it!The phone itself just like many other gadgets, need some improvements, the screen may be hard to see during the daylight and if you let it to get adjusted automatically the battery will go down faster. But after all it is a great device!!
cellphone|Excelente Produto !!! Recomendo.Qualidade, custo benef&iacute;cio, pode comprar...Entrega no prazo acordado, embalagem perfeita...indico o vendedor atencioso cumpre o que promete
cellphone|We bought S3 phones a week ago and I feel like my life is changed! I had Android before but the large screen is so much more efficient. Basically I wanted a mini tablet and that's what I got. It's fast, battery life efficient, very sharp image and lightweight.I bought the blue color and my fianc&eacute; got the white. We thought the pebble blue looks more purple so I got that color and love it! It looks better than the white but it's more feminine color so I wouldn't suggest it for a guy. Pebble Blue is more of a brush metal look in a periwinkle color. Best phone I've ever had and it was great to spend the last week on vacation learning how to use/set-up this awesome phone!
cellphone|The good is not working properly, as an example, when I tap de screen as to open an item for my mail, picture, file, etc. it doesn't work, I have to tap several times or back in the screen then return to the item to open it.I am considering returning the product based on warranties.
cellphone|The best mobile in market now. It is very light for its dimensions. The camera is good. The music quality is also good.
cellphone|Well, almost. Just for the charger. It comes with a weird German (?) wall plug. Since the plug is changeable, just hoped to be warned and have the option to buy the correct one, instead of that huge adapter.Besides that, great product and arrived as expected.
cellphone|I love this phone.After 6 months of ownership, I got in love with this phone.It's always fast and responsive.The display is amazing, really good colors, brightness and resolution.Both back and front cameras are amazing. It takes really good pictures, and panoramic pictures are amazing.Android OS gets updated frequently (not as frequently as for google phones). Im actually at Android 4.1.1 and it's full of features
cellphone|This phone works well when it is in a good network or WI-FI location. Cell coverage here is bad, though. The battery drains extremely quickly. I would rate it lower because of the battery but I just found out an extended battery is available. Most similar devices don't have the option.
cellphone|It was everything it said it was going to be and more, it's incredibly awesome and beautiful. Best cell phone i have ever purchased, would recommend this to my friends anytime!!!!!
cellphone|This phone is awesome, and works perfectly!!! I really love Samsung, they made incredible stuff and of a very high quality.
cellphone|This is the best phone nowadays... I just love it... it is a fantastic electronic device... wonderful item... thank you
cellphone|The phone is good so far, my only problem is the sim slot is too small. Currently I'm using it to surf the net through wi-fi. It's a cool phone
cellphone|this is the best cell phone I have ever seen. it works so fast.i think it is better iphone. love samsung&#65281;
cellphone|I absolutely love this phone. Its everything that I wanted. it works great. I haven't gotten it on a plan as yet but I can use the Internet features to do other things while I find a company that it will work with.
cellphone|Got here on time, works very nice, fully in English and all the S3 features we like to see work just fine.
cellphone|He was in doubt about which phone to buy. My choice was between the IPhone and the Galaxy SIII. I am fully satisfied with the product, it exceeded my expectations. Excellent device, offered me much more than I expected.
cellphone|and excelent item sure meets the expected will sure buy another . . . . . . . . .
cellphone|Because i'm satisfacted with the phone it's usefull for me, and it is beatiful and funny. the shippment was on time.
cellphone|It works perfectly the only thing I did not like is that the phone comes in french. But overall it is great.
cellphone|I got it as a present for my husband and he loves it! It's a lot more than a phone, it's better than a lap top.
cellphone|ok people responsible arrive on time and in perfectc ondition the product works great and my wife is very happy
cellphone|This phone is being very useful for me. Nice apps, easy to use, expandable memory with micro SD, switchable battery.
cellphone|Excellent Product. Excellent Quality. Perfect for every day and easy to use. Do not failed. It was just what i wanted.
cellphone|The phone is amazing easy to use, great unique features that makes it the best smart phone so far, really fast the voice command works fine to change songs, stop or repeat alarms. The cam really stands up many features and really fast.
cellphone|Excelente celular, llego en el tiempo estimado, sin problema ninguno, tiene buen funcionamiento, vendedor muy bueno y responsable...... recomendado 100%
cellphone|Loving it. The battery life is acceptable (1-2 days with moderate use). The cover easily get scratched and the camera flashlight is very slow. Aside from those minor issues, it's a perfect phone.
cellphone|I just dont like the fact that it had German configuration, European electric adaptor and I bought it in USA
cellphone|I like this phone so much that i bought another and sent it to my father overseas.... I like the quality of camera in it and the size of screen.
cellphone|I really liked the product they have very good price, plus excellent quality. His delivery was on time was estimated. I recommend it!
cellphone|The item came as described within the range of days it was supposed to come and it was well packed.
cellphone|I researched before I bought. I have nothing negative other than I keep playing with it like a new toy received at Christmas, and Christmas is long gone.I am coming from a bb, so there is more screen, more power, more apps, and just a lot more fun. I dont know all that it can do yet but I love finding out new things on a daily basis.
cellphone|I love this phone &#60;3Excelente tel&eacute;fono, lleg&oacute; a mis manos en Venezuela, en perfecto estado y todo en orden. Me encanta la pantalla t&aacute;ctil del equipo, la c&aacute;mara es lo m&aacute;ximo, y todas sus funciones son excepcionales.
cellphone|I am very happy with this phone, it works wonderful! The color is nice and the technology Nr. 1! A very good purchase!
cellphone|I had a great purchase experience! Plus the product delivers what it promises! I always had iPhones, but right now things seems easier to do and also much quicker, due to its processor. Off course it has its cons against the other phone, but still very good product. Only real bad thing about it is battery life, it is almost short as the other phone. When used in full capacity, 3G, checking emails, Facebook, Instagram and etc. the battery life won't last a full day. But the great thing about this phone is that gives you the option to have an extra battery. All in all it's worth it.
cellphone|I love this phone. Prefer it over the iPhone and other android phones. Very fast processor and calls are clear and have not dropped one yet. Pretty much same functionality of the iPhone but not as pricey.
cellphone|I haven't found a single flaw with this phone so far. I'm not going to go through all the functions because they're easily searchable, but they all work as advertised. The screen is very big, some people say too big, which seems ridiculous because its not like Samsung hide the screen dimensions until you buy the phone, the exact dimensions are available to everybody. The size and weight are well balanced and it fits nicely in the hand.And for all the people that complain that the phone breaks when you drop it onto concrete. Phones are not made to be dropped on concrete, it's not Samsung's fault that you dropped your phone. If they were to make the S3 as big as it is with an aluminium case you'd be complaining that phone is too heavy, if you're clumsy buy an iphone.
cellphone|I'll only comment on the fragility of the phone -- a pretty soft drop from two feet high onto concrete shattered the thin glass completely. Much higher drops barely scratched my previous phone, a blackberry bold. Beware, it must be kept in a case.
cellphone|I love how this phone feels like on everything.The device is TOO Powerful for this generation of smartphones which has a Quad Core CPU if anyone doesnt know what that means is that the CPU might say 1.5 GHz but its not if you multiply it by 4 its gonna be 6 GHz thats like a mini laptop.If your thinking to get this or the Iphone You have to think about Android or IOS if you dont like Android than go buy Iphone its that SIMPLE I myself hate wars between phones and other electronics because everything is on peoples opinions....Anyways Im happy with this phone its like a piece of nature.
cellphone|I have had many cellphones. This is the best phone that I have ever owned. The best thing about this phone is I don't think I'll have to buy a new phone for a long time.
cellphone|After a few weeks using the phone i can say, that this is very nice, powerful and pretty. The motion gestures are very nice for lots os things very well thought. The eye monitoring is helpful, the battery takes 1 and a half day easily full usage for work, but it can take longer a full business day even if you are a maniac =)
cellphone|I was delighted to replace my diminutive iphone, together with Apple's quirks and irritating restrictions, with an easy-to-read phone that is just the right size: neither small like the iphones, nor too large to fit in a shirt pocket. In addition, the wonderful Android OS allows me to drag and drop files and download apps without having to go through Apple's itunes straitjacket. I can find no fault in the Galaxy S3's performance and it's no wonder that its sales surpassed those of the iphone in August 2012. I simply can't wait for the upgrade of its OS to Android 4.1 Jelly Bean, which will further improve its already stellar performance.
cellphone|This phone lives up to all the hype. It's an amazing phone no matter which way you look at it. However, if your order is "Sold by Global Mobiles and Fulfilled by Amazon" you WILL get the unlocked INTERNATIONAL version of this phone. Global Mobile keeps posting their international versions here. The phone might work with AT&T (not sure) but if you're with T-Mobile, it will not be able to connect to the 4G network, and you will be roaming just about everywhere you go. (Apparently the International versions don't have the 1700MHz band that T-Mobile uses).Other than that, all the functions and features work, it feels amazing in your hands and the screen is just one of the best I've ever seen, next to my iPad, it stacks up very well.
cellphone|Pros:Awesome ScreenGreat soundIt's so thin!Awesome feel in the handSpeedyCompatible with ANYTHING!Cons:Screen is a little dimSound is a little softPenTile MatrixThis is a great phone and I recommend it to anyone who wants a good phone at a very solid price point.
cellphone|anda bien, ya he comprado esa marca y funciona bien....estoy conforme con la compra y la forma de envio, gracias..
cellphone|Almost flawless in that it has only German text assistance available. Love the FM radio feature. Switching between a Wi-Fi and network connection to the same web station can be glitchy.
cellphone|I like this better than the earlier iPhone 4s we have. It does consume power, but if turn off wifi and bluetooth, when I dont need it, it lasts for more time. I love the all the device integration features to connect to other blue tooth or wifi enabled devices. Although the connection to my car's bluetooth keep failing every now and then and I have to keep removing and adding the phone back to make it work. I wonder a software update will fix it. Pictures and movies look good. ALthough I will still stick to my DSLR for serious pictures. The integration to gmail, gtasks makes my life more organized.All in all, I am enjoying this phone !
cellphone|Excelente los telefonos y vendedores.. compre dos y los enviaron super rapido y en tiempo record... en venezuela con Movistar que es con quien tengo la linea funcionan super bien...es un telefono muy rapido.. lo mejor que ha salido
cellphone|There was some confusion because the description describes the North American S3. I ordered from Global Mobiles and received a S3 GT-I9300 unlocked from T-Mobile from Germany (or other German speaking country). The phone works great. Just recently upgraded to Jelly Bean via Kies update (no flashing or installing custom OS required). Awesome phone.
cellphone|I wanted to buy an IPhone but I changed my mind and bought this one. I am happy I did
cellphone|I am agree with this purchase, the item came in perfect conditions, at time, the specifications are according with the product in the page
cellphone|Got my first android phone the galaxy s3. They were some customers complaining of receiving the American version which have the dual core processor instead of the quad core one, but I got the correct one. By the time I had gotten the phone the update for jelly bean was ready to be download and install, since it came with icecream sandwich. Over all I like the phone the only concern is battery life and I have taken some steps to try and fix that.
cellphone|Es mucho mas que un tel&eacute;fono, sus aplicaciones son fantasticas, es r&aacute;pido, estable y tiene excelentes gr&aacute;ficos. Fu&eacute; una buena compra.
cellphone|you must buy it! go go go now! you will be very glad with this smartphone all the app works really good
cellphone|I had the iPhone 4, which I unfortunately lost. I thought I'd hold out getting a new one due to the rumors that an iPhone 5 would be coming out. When the time came, I found myself so unsure of whether to go for the new version or try something new, like the S3. I have to say that I love this phone! It does so many great things, the screen is beautiful.. I'm obsessed with the maps and navigation feature. It blows my GPS out of the water!
cellphone|amazing screen on this beauty. im keeping an eye on the battery though, i think its draining too fast. so far so good though
cellphone|This is probably the best phone out there. iPhone 5 is nowhere near the GS3. Been using it for a month now and i'm still exhilarated by it's display. Worth every penny..
cellphone|I have been really confused between iPhone and Galaxy S3 and did lot of research before making final decision. I am very happy with my Galaxy S3 it is just amazing phone. My biggest worry before purchase was its size but actually I am very comfortable with its size, size is just right for me.
cellphone|This mobile is amazing. It is factory unlocked and it's the international version due to having so many languages installed. I received the French packaged version, and everything was in French, which is amazing as well. Works with my vodafone UK, has great screen size, and is fast. The package itself says it all on what type of mobile you can expect out of the box. Overall it's a phenomenal device. So far so good.
cellphone|Hi guys. I am currently 14 days into using this phone and I have to say that I am loving it. I purchased the SIM card from Straight Talk and had the phone dialing and receiving the day I got the card in the mail. This means I am on a gs3 with a 41$/mo Unlimited Everything plan. In case you're worried, you will not see problems with overages because this phone does wireless so well you will almost never use data mbs. Love this phone, and it can be had for a reasonable amount, with no contract. Even if you can't get into this phone for the full 600 and have to go with a carrier for a cheaper phone, do it. This is the phone that will get you through the next 3 years without costing that much more and with everything you need to be cool and informed. 3 years at this price is a steal.Things I don't love:camera should be 12 MPs to really make this phone shinethe manual should have something about how you shouldn't put a screen protector on a gs3 and whyOverpriced, Samsung should be offering this phone with 64 gbs not 16 for this price
cellphone|Amazing cellphone, but I didn't know that this t-mobile phone only have 2 cores (1,5 ghz :/ ) If I knew that I would bought another model with 4 cores (1,4 ghz).. at least, this phone has 2 gb of RAM
cellphone|Purchased because my iPhone screen turned all psychedelic on me with multi-changing colors and nothing else for two days straight. Not very useful What's a guy to do when the iPhone 5 is not here and EVERY ONE else appears to have an iPhone? Do Droid, go droid in a big way and never look back. This latest version of Galaxy is great for many many reasons but most of all b/c it is not an iphone :)I still have all my apps from iphone, enjoy blazing fast 4G speeds and love the fact that this phone is totally customizable (widgets, tiles, etc.) Two days after activating the GS3, my iphone came back to life- too late buddy :) side by side, the iphone is just too heavy, and too small.
cellphone|Excellent product, all I wanted, is the best phone that I ever bought. I had the galaxy II and this is a very huge advance. Is a good recomendation for any one that loves google, android, and samsumg.
cellphone|Samsung Galaxy S3 is an awesome phone and has really nice video quality .Camera is superb the only problem i faced that it uses micro SIM card instead of the normal SIM card we generally use but thats easily resolvable..
cellphone|I've had the phone for a few days now, here's whats up.Pros:beautiful design and giant screenblazing fast 4G and processorcustomize everythingbattery life is incredible. lasts all day with heavy uselight weightCons:camera sometimes seems to have trouble focusingvolume rocker and power button on direct opposite sides (who thought this was a good idea??)s voice is useless, but jellybean update will take care of that
cellphone|The top of the page describes the phone as the i9300 international version of the Galaxy S3, however, in the description it says the processor is the dual core Snapdragon. US versions have the dual core Snapdragon processor, while the international version has the quad core Exynos processor. If the description is accurate, then this is NOT the international version of the phone. By some of the reviews, it appears this seller just throws any old S3 into a box and ships it.
cellphone|I've had an iphone and a couple droids and this beats them all hands down.I'm on Verizons network and get 40meg down and 20up with great reception everywhere.It's blazing fast, no load time for anything.The battery will last me 2 days with moderate usage.The screen is crisp and the colors are great.It weighs practically nothing.Pictures are great, good color even in darker rooms and the flash is really bright.If I had to complain about something, the back is made out of plastic which seems cheap, but who really cares about the back of the phone.
cellphone|The phone is large and after using I honestly feel like the iphone is a toy. I have been using Smartphones since 92 with the HP ipaq and its nice that someone has finally put a decent sized screen on a phone.A major flaw with the phone is it will not Auto-connect with paired Bluetooth devices. If you use a hands free system in your vehicle and you pair your Bluetooth to it, the phone will not auto-connect. You have to go into Bluetooth settings every-time and click on the device (again that is already paired) BEFORE it will connect to it.Samsung support only apologizes, and offered no solution. (I will update if there is a resolution)
cellphone|
cellphone|Awesome. Can't keep it out of my hands. They thought of everything with this phone. What will Samsung come up with next :-)
cellphone|The look and feel of the phone is like none other. It is thin, light, and really really powerful.Software:It has some really advanced features such as automatic face tagging, turn over to pause, and more but I find that I really don't use those features as much as I thought I would especially since they are they aren't fully mature (ex: I have tagged my wife's face at least 3 different time and it still doesn't work). As a result, I don't use the "cutting edge" features as much as much as I thought I would. However, the phone excels with the day to day features that even gives my tablet trouble (my tablet Asus Transformer reboots almost 2 times/day. My cellphone, none :-)).Reception:My wife has an Evo 3D, we have also owned an LG Optimus, and Blackberry's have all have had 5 bars reception whereas my Galaxy S3 only gets 1-3 bars, mostly 2.Conclusion:Overall, I really like the phone despite the reception issues. I have never owned an Android phone in which I got to truly experience a seamless Android experience before I had the Galaxy S3. Might I also mention that this is the best looking phone in the market and it feels great to hold.
cellphone|I bought it a week ago. I've never had a cell this fast. Auto dial is a great feature. Tons of memory and proccessing power. Headphones show good bass and high frequencies. Even the front camera has nice quality. I'm still discovering it, but I think this beast is very promising.
cellphone|This phone is not compatible with a T-mobile sim card.(no 4g, will only perform at EDGE speeds) The description on Amazon says the 4G is "region based" and since I live in New York, my "region" does pick up 4G. I dont think the average consumer knows the specs of the phone. Now I'm being charged $65.00 just to return the phone (10%) plus shipping!!!! Very disappointed.
cellphone|This phone has a Pentile display. For every day stuff it's fine. BUT if you plan on using your phone to do a lot of reading then stick to the S II or another phone. I went back to the S II after having difficulties reading for an extended period of time on this display.
cellphone|I got this phone about a month ago, but this was better than I expected. It feels awesome in my hand and heaps better than iphones since it has a large screen big enough watch anything. I would rate this five stars but unfortunately it has poor battery life but the extended version is better. The battery uses up its life even if you don't use it. But this is such a great with many abilities its such a great phone
cellphone|I am loving every day of having this phone. Beautiful, stylish and extremely useful!! Highly recommend to every one .
cellphone|I have 2 galaxy S3 - one for myself and one for my wife. Her phone is working perfectly - mine is not. I bought both phones in September and they both upgraded successfully to jelly bean. My phone for the last 2 weeks will not connect to the internet via WiFi - I get an authentication error followed by saved but no connection. A reset and then one with tech support ( t mobile ) and the phone is still dead. If you search the internet, you will see this error was reported in May 2012 which means 7 to 8 months and there is no fix!!! Tell me Samsung doesn't know this and I will sell you the Brooklyn Bridge. I have never liked Samsung and its products and this goes further to confirm that. I bought the phones because they were the latest and greatest - my mistake. When working my phone is blazingly fast. It is twitchy and if you hold it wrong, it will change menus but I find it disgusting that in 7+ months no fix has been found. T mobile will send a replacement phone but that is poor consolation
cellphone|I have to mention that there is an error in the product description of this product. The International version of the Galaxy S3 (GT-I9100) does NOT come with Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 Dual Core 1.5 GHz processor. This specification is true for the American variants of the GS3. The International one comes with quad-core Samsung Exynos 4412 1.4 GHz processor. You need to correct this.
cellphone|I have had a S III before and i know that with all cellphones, once you get it you must let the battery run down completely before charging it. I did that and once it was fully charged, i unplugged it. 5 hours later the battery is at 10 % and the pop up messgae is on the screen asking for the charger to be plugged in.I will take a closer look at the battery life again and re submit my findings
cellphone|Fast, slim, light, beautiful, easy to use. This device is great! It took me several months to decide wich phone to buy. After so much comparison and investigation I definitly got the best.
cellphone|This is a very fast phone, a tthink this is its most relevant fature... the size is not what like the most, a mean, it isn't discret at all.. but am happy wiht it. if you don't matter about a phone size i'll plany recomend this one for you..
cellphone|This is my second galaxy 3, i liked it so much that I bought this cellular one extra for the birthday of my dad, he is not familiar with new technologies but is very happy with this phone.
cellphone|i love this phone the only thing that i hate its that i didnt know about the differences on RAM between the international version and companies version
cellphone|This cell phone works perfectly and is unlocked and international version, in perfect conditions and do not have problem in this package
cellphone|It's great phone. Very intuitive. Nice sleek design and responsive touchscreen. Very easy to transfer files from pc and mac.
cellphone|I had zero problems with my transaction with seller. My phone arrived exactly when I was told it would and in perfect condition!It is EXACTLY what I ordered, and I couldn't be happier! The Galaxy S3 is an amazing phone, with fantastic battery life. I practically live with my phone attached to me for e-mails, texts, Tango and Skype video chatting, Facebooking, and so much more. I can run my phone ALL day long, from the time I get out of bed til I got to sleep and it still has battery life. I couldn't ask for more than that.My only complaint about this phone is with picture taking... my old phone had a button on the side that made it easy to hold and click for pictures. With the S3, you have to click in the lower middle phone screen to take a pic, and it's awkward to hold and click if you are taking a front facing picture. I am sure there is a work-around for this ONE minor issue, and I just haven't found it yet.Other than that... LOVE, LOVE, LOVE my phone. I've had it for a couple weeks now and wonder how I ever managed without it before. :)
cellphone|I have to say this phone is the perfect mix between fashion and power, it's just an Awesome Phone!!!Samsung Congratulations
cellphone|I absolutely love my SIII. . size took a while getting used to though because I have small hands but all in all it was worth the buy.. The only other issue though was that the SIM card from my carrier was too big for the micro SIM slot, so I had to cut it down to size by removing the excess plastic surrounding it..
cellphone|I did a little research before buying, and now I have the feeling I made the right choice. Is a good product for the right price.
cellphone|For me it was the best phone I ever had so far, great graphics, excellent performance. I recommend to all who are in search of a good phone.
cellphone|After using iPhones for a few years I was a little leary of switching to an Android phone, but the conversion was really easy. There are some cool features on this phone like a "swipe" login. There is no locator app but the Android store has Cerberus which is easy to setup. It could be my imagination but downloads etc. seem faster that my iphone, even though both are on the same network.
cellphone|This is the best phone i ever had, it's just amazing how fast it is and how easy to use. like they said it's the Iphone Killer!
cellphone|hi ,i just want to say that i got the phone on time and in perfect shapethe only problem i have was that the charger was not consist with my country (i needed a EU charger and i got US)thanksido
cellphone|many reviews for this product, so i am simply talking about after the 4.1 update:now with the update to android 4.1 jellybean, this phone just got a whole lot better and faster.jellybean does not support adobe flash, but just search xda-developers or google and you will find a flash file compatible with the galaxy s3 on jellybean that works quite fine.this means just about all of the ice-cream sandwich features have been retained and the jellybean features have simply been added.also, samsung always makes sure that the experience remains consistent, so the learning curve from ics to jellybean is minimal.differences since upgrading to 4.1:longer battery lifesmoother scrollingfaster web browsergoogle nowmore available RAMuser experience has been polished on a wholethe only negative point is when u open the menu, there is a lag if u hit the widgets tab and start to scroll immediately, hurts my eyes, but besides that i can think of nothing else.5 stars deserved, good work samsung.if anyone has any questions, feel free to ask
cellphone|I love my phone and I would not trade it for the world. I have a Samsung tablet also and it is just like it. I am very satisfied with Samsung products and their quality.
cellphone|excellent and very good product recommended, 100% quality samsung best, for now is a cell that is in competition with other telephony
cellphone|There has been a huge amount off buzz for this phone recently, and it is not for no reason.Samsung Galaxy S III is the first real competition for the Iphone. There are several reasons for this:1- Aesthetics: Galaxy S III has a sleek and sexy design that can match up to the standarts of Apple.2- Functionality: In many aspects, this phone is as good as - if not better - than the Iphone.3- Android: The operating system has recently caught up with IOS. An important thing to note is that the popularity of an operating system is directly linked to its success. The more popular an OS gets, the more applications are released - hence more usability and features. I believe Android has just caught up with Apple in this sense.
cellphone|Recib&iacute; mis tel&eacute;fonos con las especificaciones descritas en los art&iacute;culos del vendedor, en perfectas condiciones,se los recomiendo a todos 100%
cellphone|It takes great pictures and great videos. Beautiful big screen. Easy to download games. It is easy to hold and use. It was unlocked. I used a U.S mini sim card while there and in Central America a movistar sim card and I have had no problems. I cannot find any problems with this phone. I highly recommend it.
cellphone|I spent some time looking. I have to have an unlocked phone and since the quad version was only available in the international version, i gave it a try. It has definitely met my expectations and more. Fast versatile and good looking. I had to get use to the size but that didn't take long. The only downside is the price. Overall, I am very satisfied.
cellphone|I have to pay $80 to unlock the phone. Tengo que pagar $80 adicionales para liberar el telefono. &iquest;Quien me los reembolsa luego?
cellphone|I was so excited when I received my Samsung Galaxy S3, I had been waiting patiently for it to come out. Having had a previous Samsung phone I had really high expectations for the new phone. Now if you are just a below average user I can see this phone being a great one, but if you like apps (like me) then it's a really bad choice.The moment I received it I started setting it up, all excited. But, it wasn't long before I realized that you are unable to move any apps over to your SD card. When I contacted Samsung about the issue, the "customer service" agent said that it's not a Samsung problem but the app makers are at fault and that all the apps are not made compatible with the Galaxy S3 because they were created before the S3's release.Which is a load of bull !I have had Motorola's, Iphone's, LG's, Nokia's, and previous Samsung phones and have never had issues with moving apps to the SD cards. Plus, three of the apps that were movable that I was trying to put on the SD card only came out a few days ago. LIARS ... that it is an issue with the apps and not their phone!The agent then went on to try to pacify me by saying he is a consumer too, and owns a S3 and he doesn't see an issue with Samsung not notifying the public that their phone is not up to par. If I had been told or read something from Samsung, when looking for a new phone, and found out that I was going to be unable to move any apps to the new 32GB SD card I just purchased, then I would have purchased a different phone.Another issue I encountered with my S3, is that my phone is supposed to be 16GB internal memory, but it's not ... it's only 12GB. Already hurting for space, I really needed those 4GB's. So with two movies and apps for work, school, weather, and personal enjoyment it's pretty much completely full. At least I can move my music and pictures over, but it's not that much help. In my head I keep hearing this repeating sentence, "What a waste of time and money !"When I requested a refund or even just a different phone as a replacement the agent told me that Samsung is unable to do so, and that I'm s*** out of luck. In their minds they don't see anything that they have done as wrong and believe their phone to be perfect ! In my mind if you don't inform someone of a flaw and don't do anything on your end when they do discover that flaw ... then you have purposely deceived, committed fraud, and lied to that individual(s).Now if you just need a basic phone and don't have a lot of apps then this phone I'm sure would be a perfect fit for you. But, if you are like me and love your apps, movies, and other items then you either need to purchase the 32GB internal memory Galaxy S3 phone or move on to something else.Best of Luck to all you App lovers !
cellphone|excelente producto, el telefono se comport&oacute; perfectamente en Venezuela, no he tenido ningun inconveniente. el sistema operativo es de los mejores, vino con todos sus accesorios
cellphone|Received the item on time as promised on the 8th of Feb. however due to personal tragedy in my family, i have still to connect and operate the smartphone Samsung Galaxy S III/S3. I'll comment and review at a later date...BTW, I DIDN'T RECEIVE THREE OF THE OTHER ITEMS I ORDERED.
cellphone|First foray into ICS - never going back to IOS. This phone is awesome. Size can be a bit unwieldy, but it is FAST, FAST, FAST.
cellphone|This is my first Android phone and I've only had it 36 hours....I ordered the Samsung I9300 and was very concerned about how I would get the phone up and running with less time than my last unlocked phone. As with all unlocked phones, internet and MMS require manual setup when not locked to a carrier. Took me two days on a weekend to figure the settings out with my previous unlocked phone, Sony Ericcson Satio.This seller included instructions on how to change the language AND set up a new APN. I was up and running after 5 minutes (not including phone charging time, of course). Two thumbs up for including the settings.Packaging was very complete and as promised, new. Never been opened. I went to the AT&T store to purchase a case and all of the reps there were just drooling over this phone. The weight, the color (pebble blue), the graphics, the response to touch.Definitely worth the price.All-in-all I would recommend this seller, products and shipper (Fullfilled by Amazon). Everything went very smoothly and I am a very happy customer.
cellphone|This phone suddenly stop working one minute, this is a common problem with this model, I tried to use the warranty and Samsung Latinoamerica just told me that they can't accept my phone because it has a scratch on the plastic and the Warranty is voided.If you are thinking about this phone please buy a HTC. Much better quality!!!
cellphone|First of all I would like to say Nothing wrong with this item as a phone and I am giving it five star, also nothing wrong with amazon, the only issue is with an amazon seller which is (abe-123), I contacted that seller around the past three weeks without any respond although amazon is confirming every sent e-mail just few minutes after sending. I purchased this phone for $680.00 on July 2012 here at amazon and I understand that there is no warranty for this international version, but it I understand that it is covered by factory warranty. This phone stopped working and died on January 2013 after just five months without any mishandling or misuse, Samsung USA turned me to Samsung UK where international versions can be repaired, The guy in UK gave me The number that I shoul write on the package in order to be accepted by the repair center, but Samsung UK refused to accept this phone for repair and they returned the phone back to me after paying another $100.00 for shipping by FEDEX. I came back to amazon trying to find a resolution to my issue, but amazon is terning me to that seller who is not responding at all, now I ended-up with a dead phone that costs me $680.00 for the phone + $100.00 paid to FEDEX. All what I was looking for is at least to hear from amazon if they can help in this case or not but I was not expect to take that silent situation. So I found my responsibility to give new customer my experience with purchasing an international versions, just be aware you may be in my shoes one day.
cellphone|I have had several smart phones, but this one is in a class of its own. I can live with a glitch or two but this is ridiculous. I hear the angry birds theme music when making phone calls. I CAN NOT share my location. When texting phone opens random apps. When selecting people from my favorites list in contacts it calls my cousin from MN, no matter who I select. Hell, I've been working on this review for 20minutes. It keeps closing this page and opening my alarm clock that I can't seem to shut off. I HATE this phone.
cellphone|The Galaxy SIII is a direct competitor to the iPhone 5. It is in many respects superior to the iPhone but because of the many versions of phones using Android OS, the Android OS lags behind in apps that do audio like guitar amp simulaton software. I expect that it will catch up soon. The larger screen is a big plus for me. It's sharp, bright and the colors accurate and well saturated. The 8 Megapixel camera is as good as many point shoot stand alone cameras. This thing is solid and can take licking. I haven't tried it myself but if you look up the torture test on Cnet's "Always On" program with Molly Wood. You'll see that this thing can take a beating. All in all, it is an impressive phone.
cellphone|Went from iPhone 4s to Galaxy S3. Getting used to it and using Doubletwist for iTunes music. Just tired of the whole Apple monopoly and arrogance. Phone worked great out of the box with extra directions from shipper. Using Straight Talk with no difficulty in getting that setup.
cellphone|This phone is very good! I have the international version and it's really amazing! I highly recommend this phone! Cheers!
cellphone|if you arnt a fanboy of apple and actually know much about anything about phones the samsung galaxy s 3 is for you, blazing freaking fast, beautiful screen, great camera, incredible internal specs like 2 gigs of ram and a dual core snapdragon processor running at 1.5 ghz a awesome battery life and all the great features it comes with who wouldnt want this phone.
cellphone|I own a Galaxy Nexus - the Google phone - and love it. I'd give that one about 4.5 stars, but we are not talking about that phone.Anyway, my wife needed a phone and was upgrading from the original Droid that she hated and could never really figure out. I was tempted to get her another Nexus, but figured I'd splurge and try this one out since it's the big thing right now.Wow. What a great device. It does everything the Nexus does, with a little more pizazz.My wife, who was afraid of the phone going in - she thought it would be too techy for her especially after her Droid experience - absolutely LOVES it. Right off she was figuring out things for herself and settling right in.Now, I could quibble about the size of the phone. It's even bigger than the Nexus, which I find a bit large. However, if you are buying the phone, I will assume you know how big it is.The large size makes it solid for texting and browsing, but it is noticeable in your pocket.Still, the size is there for a reason. If you want a big screen, then you can't complain about the size, can you.The latest version of Android has petty much closed the gap with iOS. Dead simple and very intuitive.
cellphone|Love this phone! I switched from a Droid 2 Global with slider keyboard to this phone because I have been using my phone for tv-viewing on HULU plus, Netflix, and other apps like those daily. I wanted a bigger screen size and better quality resolution of the video image. I was not disappointed. The camera is fantastic too! The photos come out great and anything I view looks clear and bright. One let down was that they kept advertizing that you can minimize your video and txt, email, browse, while continuing to watch. Don't be fooled: it is only videos you watch in their native viewer and does not work with Hulu and Netflix, etc. Oh well. Small sacrificed on my expectations for a great phone. Oh, and the Google Play Music Cloud is AMAZING! I uploaded my 3,000 songs to the cloud and can now listen to them anytime from anywhere without taking up storage space on my phone.Seller was also very responsive, helpful, and quick!
cellphone|I did not buy this phoine for me. I got it for a Cousin. Anyways, he's very satisfied with the phone. It has great reviews all around the web as one of the best cell phones in the market. It looks great too. The screen is quite large and the resolution is very good. The processor is very fast and the connectivity is great. I especially like the fact that you can expand the memory, unlike the iPhone in which you can't. This is a very nice product. Highly recommended.
cellphone|Delivery was lightning quick. The phone is beautiful, feels great In my hand and fun to use.Bought this phone to use with Straight Talk so far no problems.I have the Samsung Galaxy Tablet 10 so was already familiar with the icons etc.I know this phone does so much more than I have been able to figure out.I hate predictive words takes me longer to write because I have to go back and delete. Uggh
cellphone|This is the BEST cellphone i have ever owned. The internet is super fast, takes beautiful pictures, and is super light ! The only downside is that the battery life is not so great... but i can manage.
cellphone|Excelente compra, es garantizada, posee todas las funciones que un smart phone debe tener. Fue una buena decisi&oacute;n. Lo recomiendo.
cellphone|Great Phone!!!! Best Galaxy ever, best phone in the market! I was between this and the I5, I decided for the S3 because of the Screen and the SO. I love my phone
cellphone|I have the T-Mobile version and got it the week it was released. I've been using it for a few months now and I'm still totally in love with it. I love how fast it is and the pebble blue look. Customization is great on it and the tricks (like screenshot by swiping the side of your palm on the screen and moving icons to different pages by tilting the phone) are awesome. I've even gotten that free Cee-Lo Green song download from one of those NFC phone booth billboards lol Haven't really beamed much as sending pics in texts is just a habit now and having my friend and myself turn the beam feature on and off in order to share something is kind of annoying. Have successfully converted 3 of my iPhone-loving friends into getting the S3. :) Still discovering new things about the phone, hope we get Jelly Bean soon!
cellphone|-Definitely this Samsung Galaxy S III/S3 GT-I9300 Factory Unlocked Phone - International Version (Pebble Blue) is way better than iPhone, with a perfect price !My daughter loves it and took it to Brazil, where is working perfectly FINE, after we cut the SIM card with the tool we bought on Amazon.com ;The Samsung Galaxy phone is beautiful, full of options and applications and the seller was wonderful - congratz !
cellphone|I was concern about if this handset was a real factory unlock or not, but after test with two. diferent carrier .it work perfectly. it seems is a "corean version" of the phone, but not problem with it. intructions in several languagues and the phone defaul is english so.. it was perfect. the international version work on most of the bands for other american countries... my phone got one automatic firmware update but still is working perfectly...THe only GSIII issue is the weak logic control between Wi-Fi and 3G/HSDPA... it doesn't switch smooth as the iphone 4. i hope this issue samsung fix it on next software release.regarding the seller everything was ok.
cellphone|Met and has exceeded my expectations; especially being a previous owner of a blackberry. Application space is significant! Easy to use. Takes beautiful pictures. Though it is a bigger phone than the blackberry, it is light and still hold in a pocket. You will need a microsim.
cellphone|I ordered this Samsung Galaxy S III GT-19300 Unlocked Brand new as the ad stated on the website urgently so I can use it when traveling Overseas. unfortunately, instead I received the item in an open box broken seal which assumed to be used. The item has some minor problems such intermittent flickering and I have to tap hard on the screen to execute programs which I can live with since I have to leave out of country and don't have time to send it back and get another one. The problem was reported immediately after I received unit, but the seller never replied back. The shipping was good and delivered on time.
cellphone|I love this phone. I have been an Android phone user since they first came out, so I may be biased. However, this phone is FAST! It is very light and thin. It does everything I need and everything I can imagine needing.The greatest thing about Android phones is the extent to which they are customizable, so your experience will vary based on how well you can customize your phone and which apps you download and install. Whether it is business, game-play, travel, internet browsing, social media using, whatever.... You will be able to find apps that will accomplish what you need.The biggest draw back to this phone is that it is SLIPPERY! It will slide right out of your hand and onto the floor if you are not careful. And the screen is so thin and fragile that it will shatter if dropped at all.I highly recommend a rugged case for this phone to protect it. (That it also why I don't recommend that you spend too much on the phone, it has been out long enough that you should be able to find it for around $100 with a contract, or less).
cellphone|Before getting this phone, I have been an iPhone user since it was launched. I liked the ease of using the iphone but didn't like the fact that I didn't have flexibility in terms of adding memory or replacing battery. I didn't want to pay 100$ for 16Gb of memory when I can get it for $20. Also, the only problem I had with my iPhone was deteriorating battery life but there was no way of changing it expect paying the high charges. The intent of review is not to bash apple but as I have been an user I will compare the 2 phones. I have used the iPhone 4S, so can make a more recent comparison.- ease of useI think apple is still ahead in the area but not by much, There is a bit of learning curve with Android and it took me a couple of days to get used to it. Having said that, my 1 year old can unlock iphone but can't do the same with galaxy. Also, answering the phone is more intuitive on iPhone. However, one of the best features of galaxy is the drop down notification bar. I love that I can switch to the airplane mode or disable wifi w/o pressing 4 buttons. Also, iPhone fits better in smaller hands but for me galaxy is not a problem.- typingIf you have a smartphone, you will type and for me Samsung wins. The best feature is that it doesn't force auto-complete down your throat. It gives you word choices including what you are tying. I am bi-lingual and this is a great feature when I am using my mother tongue. Also, in the swype mode galaxy does a pretty good job of providing context based suggestions.- display and soundI don't care for retina display, galaxy is the winner for me. same for sound- battery lifethis is a tie. My wife's iPhone lasts longer even though she is a more heavy user but I can change mine :)- memory: samsung (read intro)- appsthis is a tie for me. I get most apps on both platforms and to be honest I am not a very app intensive person. I have about 25 apps in all- softwareiTunes wins, this isn't even a contest. Kies is pretty hopeless- photos:iPhone does a better job with stills and galaxy does a better job with movies. Galaxy really suffers when taking shots in the dark. The flash makes the pictures look a little weird color wise.- call qualitygalaxy is clearer for meOverall, I am having been using google products for many years now and for me android integration with google is a big plus.
cellphone|I owned a blackberry before I switched to the galaxy 3 and I'm never going back. This is the best smartphone out there. The thing that caught my attention first was the large screen, this phone feels great in your hands and is easy to use.The only complaint I have is the battery life but that could be my fault cause I cant put it down ;)This phone is a great buy!
cellphone|es el mejor tel&eacute;fono que existe en el mercado no tiene comparaci&oacute;n me gusta porque es tener toda la informaci&oacute;n de tu vida en un solo equipo
cellphone|Equipo muy moderno con muchas aplicaciones dise&ntilde;o elegante colores modernos cumple 100 % mis necesidades, lo unico malo es la poca duracion de la bateria
cellphone|The spcet of the product its not fair. I suppose it was a 4 g device, i didn't find the the right spec when i bought, but when came the valuation from Amazon, about the purchase It was absolutily clear. Why it was not clear before???
cellphone|That's the main question I asked myself. Which is the best? I've had the iphone since the 3G and had become some what bored with the slow pace of Apple incremental changes. Frustrated with Apple locking the user out of everything, forcing the use of itunes with no alternatives and hitting my pocket every chance they could, I broke down and bought the S3. It was love at first sight with the big screen, the many choices, the eye candy and many options. It is really more fun than the Iphone I thought. However, I must admit that the overall experience felt strange and a little confusing to me. I guess one could write it off as just being used to iphones. But I am computer savvy. After a couple of days I realized I was struggling with the extra size of the S3. I have fairly large hands and made more errors when texting and generally had to use two hands to navigate it most of the times. I did love the expansion sd card slot and removable battery, unlike iphones. Viewing movies on the S3 is a breeze and you can download mp3s and movies through various apps. Android is more open source for apps and some of those apps reminded me of viruses on Windows. Crazy popups and redirects. I had to download Norton just to get one stubborn little app to leave. I have to say that I feel much safer with Apple when it comes to security.I soon missed getting podcasts or using the dreaded itunes I loathed but have become familiar. I really missed using my iphone as a remote for Apple TV, which also allows easy viewing of my photos and videos wirelessly to my big screen television. Google play offered a few remote tv android apps for the S3 but they were subpar. One thing that really stood out to me was the fact that though I was disappointed with the iphone 5s very small screen stretch, I missed how natural the size felt in my hand. The iphone is much easier to navigate one handed, the S3 is top heavy imo, and tends to want to topple out when using one hand. Then it hit me. There really is not a clear winner between the iphone 5 and the S3. I purchased the S3 for $149 with a two year contract extension and saw it 3 days later at another store for $99 plus a $50 google play gift card. I figured the S4 may be released in a couple of months so I brought the S3 back to where I had bought it. I'm back to my iphone 4 and not obligated to At&t anymore. And am quite content. I will be watching out for the S4 release and the iphone price drop and may get back on the merry go round. Really like both phones actually, but would clearly have to say that the iphone is much simpler for the user. The S3 may be a bit much for those who eschew learning curves, but has much more wow factor. Samsung is however winning the innovation race!
cellphone|se recomienda muy buen producto, llego a tiempo, tal cual lo que pedi fue lo que me llego muchas gracias.
cellphone|excelente equipo estoy satisfecho, es la version internacional, y cumple con todas las expectativas, el costo inconparable para venezuela lo recomiendo
cellphone|Awesome Phone!!!!It is actually unlocked...but...why if it's FACTORY unlocked it comes with Deustche Telekom (German T Mobile) content on it?
cellphone|I upgraded to this phone from a Galaxy Nexus, which is also a fantastic phone. But the S3 is plain sweet! If you can get this for a good deal, do it. I got it from Costco for 390 with the value plan. Overall extremely impressed and happy with the purchase.
cellphone|This is for the US-Verizon version, not unlocked version.This phone is so cool!I upgraded from LG Revolution, it's only been about an hour but I am very impressed. If you love gadgets, you must own this phone. S Voice has worked very well in my trials. The phone is beautiful, super-fast. I haven't found any problems yet, but I will update as I use it. The screen is huge, but the phone is very thin and light. So far, I just love it.
cellphone|Nice phone, very fast. I love it, Android operating system is very nice and so fast. Also the price was good. Arrive on time!
cellphone|I already had some pretty high expectations when purchasing the GS3. I had heard great things, but I had never used a Samsung phone. I previously owned an iPhone 4 and was simply tired of Apple trying to disguise lack of innovation with their typical marketing gimmicks. Here's what I thought about the GS3: The screen is bigger, it already can operate on 4G networks, the operating system was just as fast (if not faster) as iOS and the camera took great quality pictures. The Android system sticks with Google Maps, which Apple decided to abandon this time around, and you see where that got them. And here's the kicker: The international unlocked version of this phone was nearly $200 dollars cheaper than the iPhone 5.So far I have only discovered one shortcoming. When using S-voice the phone's data plan needs to be enabled or you must be connected to wifi. I'm not sure why this is necessary as some of the voice commanded functionality does not require Google. For example, 'Send message to Steve: Why doesn't S-voice work when I'm not connected to the internet?' This message would elicit the automated voice (from the drone woman living inside the phone) saying 'Network unavailable.' Again, this is the only disappointment thus far.Overall I do not even slightly regret my purchase decision.
cellphone|Hi,After waiting for a long time, i bought samsung galaxy s3 when the rate was below $600. I bought unlocked mobile without checking the model. (thinking that there is only one model). My intend was to buy QuadCore processor but ended up buying dual core processor. When i enquired it, i learned that there are many models in S3 and i bought SGH-T999 which is dual core and locked mobile. Mostly, mobile manufactured in China, seems to be not working correctly. Looks like this product is not genuine if it is manufactured in China. Hence i returned back the mobile.My suggestion is to buy this mobile after checking twice or thrice with the seller. There are lot of models of S3 out there in market. Buy the correct one.
cellphone|This Samsung Galaxy S3 on the Verizon Network was my 3rd smartphone I've used and I chose this over 2 other competitors phones and I regret it. On the surface, professional reviews and many personal reviews don't cover this phones shortfalls. I'm sure you can read all the gush and glory elsewhere so I'll just get to my issues with the GS3 that I've used for 6 months now.1. Erratic notification sounds. You think all is normal but oops, you got a message and did not get a sound notification. Happens all the time with this phone. I use the one, basic, general notification tone for all my notifications, nothing complicated but you just can't trust that you'll get that sound every time.2. DTMF tones are a joke. Ever have to do phone banking or place an order, maybe call customer service and push buttons to answer questions before you talk to a person? This is also hit or miss with the GS3. I even called samsung customer service once for another product and their own IVR would not recognize the poor quality tones produced by this phone. Wondering what was going on one day, I called my home phone from the GS3 and typed in a few numbers and there it was, the sound quality of the tones are very poor - like a worn out cassette tape recording from the 70s, really. Talk about a massive failure of such a basic phone function is really just not excusable.3. Lock screen behavior. I use the pattern lock screen for some basic security but what a hassle. Get a call, the screen locks, go to hang up, the screen locks, go to hit a button for input, the screen locks, I mean, don't you think if there is ANYTHING going on with a call that the lock screen would be, like, disabled? Noooooooo, it's gonna pop up when you least expect it to really make your life miserable. Now I'm using the Samsung lock screen and have checked and adjusted all the possible settings to keep this behavior from happening but it still does.4. Automatic Network switching. may sound complicated but it's a basic smartphone function to minimize data charges, the phone will use wireless networks within range for data transfer. Problem is, this phone won't let go of a poor wireless data connection in favor of a 3G or 4G connection. Samsung keeps saying they're gonna fix it but it's been about a year now and it's still an issue that slows or stops data transfer and literally leaves you hanging.5. Kies and car mode. I read reviews how great these are but in reality, they just don't work or require more work than the benefit. Kies is Samsung file transfer. It's not intuitive and complicated to set up. Car mode worked once where it read a text message after I tinkered with it (while driving), Thank Samsung for making driving safer! Just turning it on/off doesn't do it.6. Samsung Techtiles, These are little Near Field Communication stickers (that you can actually purchase anywhere for a much lower price) that manipulate many settings on the phone. yeah, in theory it's a nice idea but in practice, half the time it doesn't read the tile, sometimes it miss-reads a tile. A prime example of technology that just doesn't work properly. While we're on the NFC topic, the commercial showing that you can "bump" two phones together and transfer data is outright misleading. In short, that bump is at least 2 seconds and then it can take upward of a minute or more to get the file transferred.7. Battery life. Yeah, I'm going there! I'm not a heavy game player but I do use the calendar function often. That big fancy screen and whatever else is drawing the juice, puts the battery in the red zone certainly by the end of the work day.The GS3 does have a really nice camera.That's it, if you can live with these shortcomings, great, if you think you can't then I would say don't take my word for it, go test it out for yourself and see what I'm talking about. Good luck!
cellphone|It's sluggish. maybe cos I have 5K contacts. but damn sluggish. the brightness is too much most of the time.otherwise great.
cellphone|The phone is OK I guess. I bought it as a gift and was delivered abroad to Colombia, was broken and samsung refuses to fix it or replace it hence the 2 stars rating. Be careful.
cellphone|Overall, The Galaxy S III is the best phone I have ever owned. It is perfect for any college student. It is easy to use and its internal memory is excellent. It takes amazing photos with the rear camera, the front camera is also very good, and the camera setting are very easy to use and offer a variety of effects. The update for the phone now has a driving mode setting which reads you who is calling or texting you. The personalization features are very good as well. The only drawbacks of this phone are the battery life and durability. I usually run out of battery by noon everyday. I recommend buying a backup battery and charging station if you use your phone heavily. This phone is very fragile too. Even though the screen is nearly scratch proof, a short drop on the pavement or floor will crack the screen. The otterbox defender case is a sure way to ensure the safety of the phone. They are a little pricy but make the phone waterproof and shock absorbent. Occasionally there is a lag in the phone. This phone is an excellent buy overall and can meet the needs of any person.
cellphone|EL EQUIPO LLEGO EN PERFECTAS CONDICIONES TOTALMENTE NUEVO, LO UNICO MALO QUE EL VENDEDOR NO ENVIO LA FACTURA COMERCIAL Y LA EMPRESA QUE LO TRASLADA A VENEZUELA LE HACE FALTA, SUGIERO SIEMPRE ENVIAR FACTURA COMERCIAL (AUNQUE SEA UNA COPIA)
cellphone|My SGS3 was very good, but all of sudden I got the Sudden death syndrome, I'm having problems with the warranty, since I live in Mexico and Samsung wont help because I don't have a receipt with the IMEI on it.Dont buy this product because the warranty dont works
cellphone|I was on the verge of buying the new iphone but just couldn't stomach the price for the unlocked version. add the fact that Apple keeps changing its adapters (and the fact that it has become a me-too phone) and my attention started to stray. a colleague had just bought a new Xperia using Android 4.2 and i was amazed. Ultimately i decided on the S3 and I am in love with it. The speed, versatility, app selection, screen, storage, extra features, Samsung software - everything is amazing. I do like it better than my colleague's Xperia - the S3 usability is a bit better. I can't believe people are still buying iphones. Apple started the smartphone craze so they were the first, granted. They have great marketing but just a good product. Samsung S3 has good marketing but a great phone. Runs circles around the new iphone.
cellphone|Samsung has decided to roll its own MHL connector. Which means the standard MHL connector you would use on any device will not work with the S3. So you buy a fancy S3 phone that has MHL and you buy a MHL adapter for it. Then you plug it into your TV and you do not get a working TV.I am going to guess the reason why they did this is to force S3 owners to buy MHL connectors only from Samsung. That way they could charge a higher price and make a larger profit from the larger margin. In short they want to charge you more and give you nothing in return. I did some quick searches on MHL adapters on amazon. The Samsung adapters for the S3 cost over twice the amount of MHL adapters for standard phones. That means they are making well over double the profit.You can read a sight that talks about this here: [...]Samsung's only defense for their parasitic behavior is that they are adding capabilities to the connector by running the high def and usb over different pins. But that doesn't stop them from using the standard connector. The current manufacturers are running the high def connection over the same 5 pins of the usb connector. Samsung just as easily could have made their connector work with both the standard MHL and their proprietary MHL. That way if you buy a standard MHL connector it would work with the S3, but if you bought Samsung's improved MHL connector you would get more capabilities and therefor have reason for spending more.But they want to gut their customers, so they didn't. Instead they made their connector proprietary and charged double for it. It also seems they even chased competitors out of the market of producing a economically competitive version of their own connector. Look at [...] It would allow you to use a standard MHL connector with your proprietary S3 device for a low rate of $3.57. That sure beats Samsung's markup of 100%. But even this you can't have, it is "discontinued". Samsung probably legally intimidated the manufacturer out of the market. So buy a S3 and reward parasitic behavior, or shop another brand until Samsung comes to its senses... I say shop another brand. As for me, I didn't have a choice. My company only offered me the choice of one android phone. I had to choose the galaxy S3.
cellphone|The Samsung Galaxy S III is by all means the best phone on the market. I will say however, there are some things that could use some improvement. Overall, awesome phone and would encourage all to buy it. Here are a few things I like, and a few that I don't:Battery Life (4 Stars) Just need to learn how to adjust your settings to maximize.When I received my shiny new phone three months ago after signing up with Sprint, I was a little disappointed with the battery life right off the bat. When I get a new phone, I spend way too many hours learning the new device, trying out all its cool new features and downloading countless apps. It didn't take long before I realized I was doing something wrong when my battery wouldn't last me through the day. The S3 advertised better battery life and talk time than any other smartphone on the market. This was one of the main reasons I bought the thing, so it was very frustrating to have it dying on me so quickly. Luckily, the S3 has a handy feature that allows you to easily look at what apps are draining your battery life. I found that my charge was draining before my very eyes because I had my personal and work email accounts syncing way too frequently. Now I set it up so that refreshes at specific times, which change depending on time of day and day of the week.Android Version (4 Stars) Outdated, but so is every other phone on the market.In my opinion one of the biggest fall backs of them all is that the machine is still running Ice Cream Sandwich (v. 4.0.2). If the S3 really is the phone of the future, why isn't every phone company jumping at the chance to get Jelly Bean (v. 4.1/4.2) on this device. It is important to note that there is a very small percentage of Android users currently using Jelly Bean, so it is not old news just yet.Text Identification (3 Stars) Inaccurate and causes errors, latest update helped some.The text identification features are not what I would expect from a phone like this. My 1st generation touch screen phone did this better than the S3. Things like capitalizing the letter "I" when it stands alone seem obvious, but the automatic changes do not take place on this phone. Other examples include auto punctuation of conjunctions and capitalization of proper nouns. The auto correct is shotty and does not catch much of anything worth while. The latest update has helped some, but still much room for improvement here. It would be nice if they had an easy way to put in punctuation without switching back and forth between alphabet and numerical text entry screens all the time.Talk-to-Text (4 Stars) Awesome feature but struggles at first, betters with age.The talk-to-text feature is incredibly helpful for texting on the go. You can use this feature anywhere you would type text. It is a little difficult at first, and it may not always pick up your words, but it will get better with time and practice. The machine just needs to learn your speech patterns and it will get better at learning how you talk as time goes on.S Voice (5 Stars) Galaxy could kick Siri's butt any day of the week.Just hit the home button twice, and up pops S Voice, Google's retort to the Siri function on iphones. Her name is Galaxy and she is just as good as Siri, if not better. Ask her to do anything from setting an alarm for you to citing the capital of Michigan. Just visit one of the helpful forums that give a lot of tips and tricks.Motions & Gestures (5 Stars) Cool new ways to easily complete tasksMake sure you check out all the cool motions and gestures that you can do to easily navigate and complete tasks. They found an innovative way to make shortcuts with ever dwindling buttons. The tutorials when you first get your phone do an excellent job of introducing you to these nice shortcuts.
cellphone|Very light and great performance. Good look and high quality videos & photos, free apps, and much more...The only weakness: Battery life
cellphone|If you're buying this phone, you have to have in mind several things:1. It is a big phone. I myself find the screen size very useful, but if you have small hands or don't have a fancy for big phones, this isn't for you.2. Operating system is fast; if you have previously owned an iphone you will find it quite easy to shift toward an android platform.3. Headphones have a good sound to them as long as you are standing still. If you're a jogger, you will find that the cable transmit EVERY little tapping sound right back to your inner ear. Solution? yes, run the cable underneath your clothes.4. On screen keyboard is not always accurate.5. Excellent camera: takes beautiful pictures and comes with several different shutter modes, including a panorama software.6. Many of the apps are free on the google play store.7. Battery charger, unfortunately, is european standard. You'll need an adapter.Overall, it's a pretty good phone. And once you get used to the size of it (which takes only a couple of days) every other phone will seem toy-like.
cellphone|All I have to say is if you buy this phone, BUY A CASE. This thing is as fragile of a phone as I've ever seen. Mine fell on the carpet, TV remote landed on it and the screen cracked all over the phone. This happened less than 12 hours after I bought it.I owned an HTC EVO before this and that thing was a brick. This Galaxy S III is more like a thin cracker. I did love the phone for the 2 hours I actually got to use it. Just beware and BUY A CASE.
cellphone|this is an excellent product, the best cellular than i've ever hadthis is another world. bye BB100% recommend
cellphone|Basically this is my first smart phone, so for me this phone is like out of this world.I just enjoy the android apps on this and also the web surfing experience is truly amazing.
cellphone|I purchased my phone through "Open Group Wireless" fulfilled by Amazon. I have an Amazon store card and with that comes interest free payments on certain monetary amounts. I believe (not looking) that for anything over $300.00, there is a one year interest free payment plan on that item, or that particular purchase. If you purchase other items post, that transaction, they will not be included in your previous interest free deal, so keep that in mind if you choose to use the Store card and make sure to double check card conditions with Amazon on purchases over a certain amount.On big ticket items, I only buy from a vendor that Amazon backs, because returns are less of an issue and I believe the company is safer and more legitimate when fulfilled by Amazon. I once bought a sheet set from a vendor not fulfilled through amazon and everything stated about sheets online was a lie. The actual packaging said "LIKE- 800 count Egyptian cotton" but the vendor neglected to put "like" in the description and when I wrote a "buyer beware" review, I received lots of nasty gram emails demanding that I remove my unflattering review. I believe someone even called me and was nasty to me. I now choose very carefully,who I do business with on Amazon. They cannot police every company or individual who wants to sell, but the ones they do back, I have never had a problem with. I have read reviews about Galaxy 3 phones (not backed by amazon) having been opened, seal broken, because seller stated they needed to put the unlock code on the phone. This is not true, if the phone is a legitimate International Unlocked cell no one needs to "add the code", and avoid these sellers if you read anything about them needing to "add unlock code". I've purchased 3 unlocked Samsungs and never has there been a seal broken. The phones are unlocked, brand new, never used, from factory and only reason someone would open phone to "add" unlock code, is because it is a used phone that is specific to a particular company. For example, If the phone was an ATT phone and you want to use Tmobile, Tmobile needs the ATT code in order to provide service to that phone. All of the non contracted start ups allow for customers to bring their own phones and in the instructions it states that the unlock code from the previous phone company is needed. That is why a seller is putting the unlock code on the phone.OPEN GROUP WIRELESS has true, unlocked International, warrantied, phones and when you are paying more than $500.00 for a cell phone, that is exactly what you want. I read reviews about bad batteries, movie data already loaded on the phone (that means it was someone else's phone before you got it), batteries that were not even factory issue, bad chargers, inability to switch language, advertised as an International unlocked, but was not, and a plethora of other issues. If you receive the phone and seal is broken, taped over, don't do anything to it, except return it, because you will have an issue with that phone, it is NOT brand new, and it is not what it was advertised to be. If you go with the companies that Amazon backs, you will be fine. I paid a little more for that security and I have no regrets. My phone arrived by the date it was promised, It was not opened, box was completely factory sealed and changing language from German to English was as easy as instructions stated.I have purchased unlocked International cell phones before, so I knew that they were adaptable to contract and non contracted services and I've used them on both plans. After researching and reading that others went the Straight Talk route with the Galaxy 3, that was my plan.The cool thing about non contracted services is that you pay around $50.00 for a month of unlimited, everything service, and if one company does not serve well, pay another $50.00 to check out another company, until you find the one that provides best service to your area- it is still cheaper than being stuck in a contract.In the Straight Talk start up kit, there are 3 sim cards, a larger one, then ATT and Tmobile . ATT (as I was told by rep), has a mini sim for the Galaxy 3, but having already read that others trimmed the card down that came in the kit, I did same and have no problems. I put both ATT and Tmobile sim cards in my phone and should have went with the Tmobile because I get better service in my home, but when I was speaking with the rep, I could not get the sim card to stop popping out. She said it may need trimmed some more. She also said if I was able to get it to stay, all I needed to do was call them back, switch sim serial numbers and then go through the process of APNs, in order to get data. Here is where some aggravation may come in. There are not enough categories on the Straight Talk APN webpage for the Galaxy 3 to get internet working, so I had to call for help, this could require patience. No matter what time of day I called, or that I tried again the following day, it took me half a day to finally be able to leave a call back. Just about every time I called, the recording said, "there was an unusually large volume of calls" and they could not take mine, then click. When I did get through, the recording said call back was 30 minutes, it was nearly 2 hours, but when I finally got a warm body around 8:30 PM, she stayed on the phone with me until I had internet. It took some trial and error to finally get it. I complained to her, that the website was not well equipped and about the long time in which it took to speak with someone, and she apologized. She said that the company was aware and they were taking steps to improve customer service. The one thing I wish I had, that didn't come with phone, but which is downloadable, is a users guide. A quick start, manual was included in phone packaging, with details on how to access owners guide and I will take the time to do that, for I am not savvy in the smart phone world to know the full capabilities of this phone.The phone uses like a tablet, so I am familiar with how to obtain apps etc.. I love the large screen, the options, and the camera takes great pics. The one thing to remember is that if there are apps continuously running in the background, that will suck battery incredibly fast (learned that in one day). As for factory issued battery- I text for a couple of hours in the evenings, post pics, text off and on during the day, access internet, and check my email. At end of an average day I can be anywhere from 67%-40% available battery usage. I charge it every night. The better battery will be a future investment.The key to a happy phone experience, is to buy from the right vendor first and foremost. What I discovered about the reviews, is that they are all grouped together and it is difficult to know which vendor a review is about, unless author mentions it. One can click on vendor, be directed to their page and then see reviews specific to them. That can take a very long time. There are also vendors who operate under more than one company name. BEWARE of these vendors. Amazon is my favorite place to shop and I do a lot of business with them. I may not be a savvy smart phone user, but I am a savvy, well informed shopper and do not jump for the cheapest price on amazon. Do the research, know what an unlocked International cell is supposed be before you buy. Contact seller to see if they need to add an "unlock code" to the phone you are considering to purchase. I wrote a vendor to ask why they operated under more than one (at least 3) company name. No reply. It is as simple as this, International unlocked under warranty, does exist. I have one, love my galaxy 3, got exactly what I was told I was getting- a brand new, straight from the factory cell phone. I got it from Open group wireless, fulfilled by amazon.
cellphone|I totally loved this phone, everything in the package was seal, the only thing that i didn't like is the batery life but it isn't a big deal. I'm using it now in Venezuela and it works pretty well with Movistar.
cellphone|I was a little skeptical that samsung's usability design might be a little sloppy compared to the 800 lb gorilla they are challenging (apple). I was not disappointed. The large screen with the thin profile needed a grippy case to keep it from being too thin, but once I did that it's really an excellent product. The OLED HD screen is very easy on the eyes. I would agree with other reviewers that it's the best phone I've owned.
cellphone|Very Good! Works Excellent no problems / Todo Excelente tra&iacute;do a Venezuela, Funciona perfectamente, liberado, la entrega se hizo a tiempo.
cellphone|Pros: Lot of nice Apps and large enough screen. Unit is very flat and compact.Cons: Battery life sucks. Charge cycle to 100% ranges from 3 hours to a woefully turtle slow of 6.5 hours from a 15% battery power remaining capacity. Screen not bright enough when using the automatic brightness feature.
cellphone|came smoothly everything ahead of schedule. I recommend it 100%. all without any problems . . . . . . !
cellphone|Probably not a bad phone, but due to radio frequency issues with T-Mobile in Southern California, data is limited to 2G "Edge" data rates which is unusably slow for this sort of device.So Beware!
cellphone|Power button is not good. I have to check with service center and need to repair. it does not meet my expectation.
cellphone|Bought it for my Dad and he is enjoying using it. Good phone with many useful features and apps. will recommend it.
cellphone|ME ENCANTO EL EQUIPO, ES SUPER INTERACTIVO, UTIL, PRACTICO Y FACIL DE MANEJAR. ME ENCANTA MI TELEFONO NUEVO Y EL COLOR MARAVILLOSO
cellphone|First of all, I bought from Wireless Everything. I was very pleased with them, it came sealed and great customer service as well.Well, I used have the HTC EVO 3D from Sprint. Which it was my first smartphone. I simply hated my EVO 3D, dropping calls... Keep rebooting all the time, and not built in great materials.So, I canceled my plan with SPRINT (terrible signal in San Diego), and I decide that I needed to have a great phone for the next couple years.Samsung Galaxy S3 seemed the right choice. I have to tell to you I have no regret about buying these handset for $699... Good point is unlocked... So you are free.The S3 is fast with Exynos 4212 Quad (CPU Quad-core 1.4 GHz Cortex-A9) plus the great camera... Also, the GT-I9300 doesn't have bloatware from the carriers, which you can't uninstall but only if you root.I have T-MOBILE now, valued plan. And I know I am getting EDGE 2G, which I was thinking if was a good call. SO contact the T-mobile customer Service. and I got really good news!!!"T-Mobile's Network Modernization. New equipment will be installed in 400 GSM/HSPA+ sites by the end of June that will enable HSPA+ in the 1900 MHz band. Over 2,500 sites will have the new equipment installed by end of July. " From T-mobile specialist. Which means you be getting 4G on the Gt-I9300 very soon!! You don't need to ripped off by At&T!The reason that T-mobile are doing this only now, because At&T failed to buy T-mobile not being approved by the government. T-mobile wouldn't spend a penny... at that time they were going to use the At&t system.So, now T-mobile doesn't want to stay behind by the rivals. Which is great. Which means T-Mobile will announce the IPHONE as well working on 1900 mhz band.I am sure that S3 will be working amazingly fast very on T-mobile.Great phone! Great to keep for a lot of years for sure!
cellphone|If you buy this item, beware that Samsung support is REALLY BAD! Read on...I got a Galaxy Note about one year ago from Amazon. It broke twice in less than one year.Since I live in Brazil, I first contacted Samsung Brazil for support. Samsung Brazil said it is not their problem, as long I got the device from a US store.I then contacted Samsung support for the USA. Samsung US said it is not their problem, as long it is an international version of the device.I finally contacted Samsung Korea. Guess what. They said that, since I live in Brazil, it a problem for Samsung Brazil, not Samsung Korea.As a result I have a non working Galaxy Note in my desk for about 3 months now!!!What a lousy post-marketing strategy (if any)!!!!
cellphone|This phone is fantastic. It feel great in the hand and pocket, despite the immense screen size. The software is incredibly fast and smooth although the "IOS rip off" crowd does have a case on a few of its features. Regardless, the phone runs great, is very powerful and battery length is quite good due to the large battery (easily lasts 24 hours of light to moderate use). The bootloader is factory unlocked and works without issue on multiple SIMs on USA AT&T. It is important to note, however, that the quad-core exynos chip will not support US LTE bands so beware before you buy.
cellphone|Product &#34;international Version&#34; seems to mean no Samsung Support and no Samsung warranty. Surge Telecom is less than useless they seem to not care. Check blogs and check Surge Telecom site. A product on there site talks about a bad component in the s3 international and offers a product that they claim to correct it. After your 15 day return window closes then the 30 day A to Z insurance is over you are on your own.
cellphone|The unlocked international version that Yapper provides is just what I was looking for. I'll talk first about the not-so-obvious reasons why this phone is the best in the world. I love traveling and can't imagine being stuck with a stupid US model that only works with one US provider. This phone works great with TMobile and ATT in the US, and all of the GSM providers that the rest of the world uses... no roaming! Battery life is way better than my iphone, but even better is the peace of mind you get with being able to swap out the battery with a fresh one if you can't get a charge for a couple of days. (Yes, I can get a couple of days from the battery while the iphone can't even get one day!) The same USB cable you use to charge with is also the data cable that plugs right into the USB port of any computer (or tablet), allowing you to share files with the phone's memory or sd card. You can't do that with an iphone. Of course, you can also swap out the sd card, giving you yet another way to share files with others or simply add storage... can't do that with an iphone, either. I've only had this phone since mid June, but already I've helped out others several times by turning on the wifi hotspot feature that let them see my phone as a wifi hotspot and use my cell data connection for their laptops and tablets. These are a few of the not-so-obvious things this phone can do that others can't. The obvious things that make this phone the best include the big, beautiful screen, incredibly light weight and thinness, speed, buttery smoothness, availability of apps and no need for a computer or itunes! Finally, a real life example. We were driving near Seattle, trying to make three appointments in scattered locations that involved two ferry crossings (not realizing what that means in summer on a Friday!!) While I was driving, she was using the the GS3 to check the web for ferry schedules at different locations, get upates on wait times, comparing alternative drive times, making calls, finding the nearest gas, and getting driving directions to three places we had never been before. As Friday traffic closed in around us (can you imagine how much traffic on a beautiful summer Friday in the Puget Sound?) we were able to avoid overloaded ferries, drive our way into reverse commutes avoiding miles-long backups, circumnavigated Puget Sound and made all three appointments. At the end of the day as we rode the last ferry across Puget Sound, she looked at her unused iphone, put it in the glove compartment and said, "Wow! That was amazing to use the GS3. I can't go back to using an iphone, now... I couldn't have done all that in time." After a beat she chuckled and added, "Just all the pinching and zooming would have driven me nuts!"
cellphone|Beware of buying this product, it's very likely to suffer the Sudden Death syndrome (Google about it), and no warranty is honored neither by the store nor Samsung for the International Version. I've been a Samsung fan for a long time, but this has been a huge disappointment, so no more Samsung products for me. Their warranty model is just a joke.
cellphone|3 months after I got the phone it stopped charging. We waited for more than 2 weeks while it was "repaired" in Texas. When the phone was returned it still wouldn't charge. After a couple more calls a new charger and battery was sent to us. With the new battery it started charging, but would drop phone calls a few minutes into a phone call. Once again we had to send it to Texas for repair. We received the phone this morning and it is missing the SIM card and the back cover. They say they've lost the SIM card and I have to go buy a new one. I've had to call half a dozen times to get things fixed and each time I get transferred to 2 or 3 different departments and it takes 30-60 minutes or more. It's been over a month and I still don't have a working phone--and all this time I've been paying for service. I like the phone when it works, but the Samsung support model is such a disaster that I will never purchase a Samsung product again. When my iPhone failed I took it to the Apple store and they replaced it in less than half an hour.
cellphone|I was always a fan of Android operated phones, but decided to purchase an iPhone in April of this year because I wanted to try out something different. Let's be honest, years worth of iHype had convinced me that the iPhone was where it's at, and I needed to "get with the times".Typically, I'll keep a phone for at least a year before I decide to upgrade. I believe it's preposterous to constantly waste hard-earned money for the sake of technological acclivity. But, over four months after my initiation into "Team Apple", I couldn't possibly handle any more. I just couldn't.The Samsung Galaxy S3 is wonderful in all definitions of the term. What I, personally, enjoy most is the ability to customize nearly anything and everything. Hate the default font? You could change it. Tired of the standard SMS theme? You could change it. And... brace yourself... you don't need to jailbreak it in order to tweak it to your liking. If you can't customize the phone as much as you'd like by changing the settings, there are many apps that can assist you... apps that the "App Store" fails to offer.Overall, the phone is very smooth. From the ease of navigating the touch screen (which is proven difficult with several phones) to the availability of awesome features and apps, Samsung hit it out of the park. Whether you've been a "lifelong" Android fan or if you've never even held a smartphone aside from the iFail, the Galaxy s3 is for you. At this point, I'll never turn back.EDIT (12/19/12):I've owned this phone for a little over three months now. Unfortunately, I was forced to demote this product from a 5 star technological masterpiece to a 1 star piece of junk. This is the PV2 of cellphones. After about two months of owning the phone, the battery life gradually became shorter and shorter. Mind you, I have never downloaded more than 5 outside applications on this phone. I have never stored more than 50 pictures. I have never even dropped this device. I basically use the phone for calling/text messages only.Even if I applied the "power saving" option and kept the phone in my handbag for the majority of the day, the battery would only last 5 hours tops. Then when I went to charge it, it would take 8-10 hours to obtain a full (100%) charge. Are you serious, Samsung? My iPhone takes 30 minutes to charge. Last night, I left my phone on the charger (I have about 5 chargers, so it's not the USB itself) overnight and woke up to an 80% charge.I was a bit unimpressed with the frequent crashes, also. It seemed as if this phone would crash at least once or twice per week.With all said, I was becoming angry at how this phone functioned. I ended up calling Verizon and switching back to the iPhone 4, which now seems like a work of art compared to the S3.
cellphone|This phone is really great and coming from the HTC G2 to this was an easy transition. It's very user friendly. However with t-mobile, it will only work on edge not 3g or 4g; didn't know that. However, I returned the phone and I knew there would be a restocking fee applied, but $55 is unnecessarily steep and considering the return address is someone's house is a little ridiculous. Won't be ordering from this seller again.
cellphone|If you get good Sprint or AT&T reception, then ABSOLUTLEY get this phone on those carriers.Would you buy a Verizon iPhone if it were inferior to a Sprint/AT&T iPhone?The Verizon version of the Galaxy S3 is crippled compared to the Sprint and AT&T versions. Verizon will not allow software developers to update the software on the phone. Meanwhile Sprint and AT&T Galaxy S3 users who update are already enjoying the latest version of Android (Jelly Bean). It took a year before Verizon updated the software on previous smart phones.While the phone might look as good as the Sprint and AT&T versions, the instant you turn it on you will know you're on last year's model for a current model's price.I got bamboozled when I sign my 2 year contract. My 2 week old phone is already inferior to the other carriers.
cellphone|I used to own a Galaxy S2 and since it was excellent i decided to buy the S3 which is more than excellent.This is the QuadCore version which works perfect.I would like to say more, but i think that a video in youtube is better to describe how excellent is this phone.About the battery, it is alsmot 50% better than the Galaxy S2.Apple has nothing to do against this one because the S3 is very focused in sharing (info, pics, music, etc etc etc) and on the other hand, the mentality of Apple is Anti-Sharing.
cellphone|When I purchased the Samsung galaxy s3 it supposed to have been unlocked, when I received the phone and attempt to have it actived by my carrier they explained that they could not active it because it may have been stolen. So I contacted the seller to report what my carrier (stated that the phone was stolen) the blubell sales wanted me to go into the phone to the unlock the phone because they claim that they missed the unlocking. The reason why I purchased the phone because I wanted a unlocked phone for traveling. I returned the phone, now blubell sales wants to charge me a restocking fee. This was fuse advertising the phone was not as advertise and I don't think I should pay a restocking fee. (I had to purchase another phone because I couldn't active the phone that I purchased from blubell sales) my tips do not get involved with them!!!!!!!!
cellphone|Well it will be a shame comparing this monster to the iPhone.Apart from the shape and design (which we may disagree upon) it beats it in every shot.Looking forwards for the upcoming S IV
cellphone|Excellent negotiation, I would buy one with you. 100% responsible and serious. very good product and very good quality. works well without problems
cellphone|Tel&eacute;fono recibido en buen estado tal cual lo detallan en la descripci&oacute;n del mismo. Excelente c&aacute;mara, ligero y s&uacute;per c&oacute;modo. Solo un detalle, el adaptador del cargador no funciono de resto todo bien. Recomendados entregaron a tiempo en Miami y sin ning&uacute;n contratiempo. Funciona perfectamente con Movistar - Venezuela. Levanta 3G sin problema alguno.
cellphone|I will not deny this is a great phone, looks good, works fast and everything is just stellar. But any of you fools that buy the international version like i did you will get a rude shock when you run into any issues with this devise.1) Samsung customer service USA will not be able to even trace your phone because the serial numbers are not synced to US numbers.2) You have to know which country your phone originated from and talk to their customer service for help. I have no idea? i could all 27 EU countries and see who recognizes it.3) Even a minor problem, like what i called to seek help on.. i have all my volume and tones set up and tested.. however when someone calls me.. the phone never rings, it will beep when you hit the keys to type a text but it does not beep or vibrate to let you know if you received a text, so there is clearly a problem with the alert issue.. even the alarm will not ring when set. Customer service USA will not help even with that let alone walk you through the motions.Conclusion.. Im sending this International version back.. buying the USA version and if ya'll are smart.. believe me now.. BUY AMERICAN! or you are doomed.. picture calling Greece or Poland every time something goes wrong is that even worth it? with the time zones and all.. I made a huge mistake.. i got this phone yesterday and its on its way back today! lesson learned.. BUY THE AMERICAN VERSION if you live in the USA.
cellphone|
cellphone|This phone is vastly superior to the iphonepros1 huge screen2 fast processor3 a real accurate gps4 micro usb is really common5 it workscons1 you need to buy an app to sync with mac i used isyncr it is 3.99 on google play2 the multitasking isn't quite as good as IOS but it is still useable
cellphone|The phone works fine and you basicly dont need a laptop or cpu no more because the galaxy does it all..its fast and the picture taking is great..its way better then the iphone 4 or 5 ...if you was thinking about a iphone vs a galaxy pick the galaxy and this is from a former iphone 4 user..all you doing with apple is buying a name brand and with the galaxy it offers tons of options and things to do...
cellphone|The price was decent, the product was as described. Great phone I used it while traveling in Europe and back home in the states.
cellphone|I would like to express my displeasure with the Galaxy S3 (International Version I-9300 - purchased in China). I have had the phone since June of 2012 and in terms of performance the phone has more than met my expectations with one major flaw - this is the most fragile screen I have ever seen on a phone!In November of 2012 while in Norway on business trip I dropped the S3 phone from my pants pocket onto the floor of a bus. The distance of the fall was about two feet (distance from the seat of the bus to the floor) and the phone at the time had a screen protector. Regardless, this short fall led to the screen shattering in numerous places. Fine... My fault right, I dropped the phone. I called Samsung Norway and was told to take the phone into a repair center and repair the screen at my expense... Done.The phone was quickly repaired (entire screen and digitizer assembly were replaced) and the phone functioned well for a few months albeit I was much more careful with the phone which had in addition garnered the protection of a sturdy case (this takes away from the glamour of having such a thin phone but hey it was worth it to not have to deal with another broken screen).In January of this year, despite my increased care, the phone again slipped out of my pocket, this time falling a distance of about three feet while exiting a vehicle to land on snow covered concrete. Despite the new coat of armor, again the fall resulted in the screen shattering in numerous places. (As an aside, when this screen shatters the phone becomes very unusable as it results jagged pieces of glass being exposed, definitely not finger friendly).Once again, and with slightly more frustration, I called Samsung although this time from the US. I'm sorry to say that they were extremely unhelpful. As I have the international version of the phone they could not recommend a service center, and instead continuously referred me to the international long distance phone numbers for Samsung China and Samsung Hong Kong as they do not make or service the international device (far be it from me to think that when I call Samsung they would service their own products or at least have the ability to transfer me to someone that could).Now I am left again with a phone with a broken screen contemplating paying hundreds more of my own money to have the screen repaired. I have been a loyal Samsung customer for years (this is my fourth Galaxy Phone and I recently purchased the Note II) and while I will be the first to admit I do not treat my phones like fine China, I have never before experienced a phone with such limited durability (the Note II in contrast has demonstrated phenomenal durability). Google Galaxy S3 broken screen and you will find hundreds of similar stories! This is terrible and is clearly a design flaw inherent in the phone.All in all, this is a great phone as long as you treat it like fine China and don't expect it to survive real world conditions (and if you break it don't count on Samsung helping you out, at least in my experience)... I'm sorry to say I cannot recommend this phone even though I love everything else about it.Thank you for reading my review and please comment if you've had similar experiences. Perhaps if enough of us get onboard Samsung will make amends.
cellphone|In the title of the publication they said this was a I9300 SAMSUNG GALAXY SIII, but they sent me a SGH-T999 SGS3 in a fake box without the headphones.Is not the same phone, not the same processor. The phone is really good, but even so i'm disapointed.
cellphone|I got the S3 for business calls, separate from my old S2 (personal use) which I've had for the past year without any problems and singing its (the S2) praises in the interim. The S3 is 'touchy', meaning, I had to handle it far more delicately than the reliable S2. Often the main screen would lock up requiring a re-boot which got to be annoying. I failed to see much difference in speed in various movements either. The equally annoying pop-up advisories on the S3 telling of what I could do with tilting the phone and other procedures was not something I was wanting so they kept coming in spite of my telling them ENOUGH!Making a long boring story more palatable, I returned the S3 within a couple of days and have decided to get another S2 for business calls.ADDITIONAL THOUGHTS: I do want to be fair. In thinking about it, the S3 has some features I failed to explore like the view-video while checking emails & other activities. That may be important to many users but not me. Also, the transferring of data by keying in the S feature to transfer data while simply backing the phone to another S3 unit. Again, I don't know anyone else having an S3 so that was not used either. I wonder how many others have that issue? Maybe many, maybe few?Also, the S3 eliminated two electronic movement keys: The S3 replaces the electronic up arrow to go to the home screen with a button to push. All well and good but I found the button on the S3 unreliable on the first push, reguiring two or three pushes to get back and then finding multiple screens to deal with about half the time to sort out and get the outcome desired. I like the electronic S2 up arrow which works every time. Also, NO search electronic (microscope glass icon) on the S3, unlike on the S2. No big deal except you have to sacrifice a space on your home screen for the S3.I think the S3 has many advantages over the S2 in terms of its internal software ICS or JB over GB but as a user? I will readily admit to not being skilled enough to know the difference or able to test the added expertise to the point of seeing a meaningful difference. So, if that's you, then go with the S2 and be happy. If it's not? Leave the old folk in the weeds and go boldy forward with the new technolgy and enjoy. I'm out.
cellphone|Before I ordered the SGS3 I owned a SGS2 what is really great.But the SGS3 seems to beat the band. It is much better as expected. More comfortable, bigger and clearer screenand...just smarter. It's too much of paean to tribute to this phone, I would burst this place here.You can't make anything wrong buying this phone. But the price...will come down with time.And watch for your warranty! I have got NO certificate for a guaranty! (I hope, I never need)
cellphone|When I first got the Galaxy S3, I really liked it. At the same time, my wife got the Motorola Droid Razr Maxx. Within a few days (setting up both phones), I noticed the Motorola was on the 4G network and the signal showed 3 bars. But the Galaxy S3 showed "searching for service" or had 1 bar. It also rarely shows that it is on a 3G or 4G network.The other issue I noticed is that the volume key (left side) and the Power/Reset/Lock key (right side) very sensitive to a light touch. Thus holding the device, it was easy to accidentally press the volume keys in such a way as to turn off the sound, or accidentally touching the power key (turning the device on and off). Putting the device in a leather pouch on my belt, I found the device could turn on and off (or change volume) just from my movements.Despite all the great things about this phone, these two issues are enough to make me return the phone and select something else.
cellphone|The phone is very good. Fast, and everything worked as advertised.The only problem is it only worked for 4 months.Went dead for no apparent reason, and there is no procedure do bring it back (doesn't even go into download mode).Neither Samsung Brazil nor USA will honor the warranty, so I am left with an expensive paper weight.Think twice before shelling that much money into a phone with no warranty.
cellphone|I have been using a droid Incredible for two years now, and despite some quirks, it's a great phone. It's 3G, and I'm due for an upgrade on Verizon, so I thought maybe it's time for an iPhone. Disappointed with the iPhone 5 features (and hype), I decided to go with the Galaxy S3 4G LTE on Verizon. I LOVED it....for about 3 days. I now hate it and am bringing it back for either a 4G incredible or the iPhone after all. Maybe I got a lemon, but I'm not going to try another one because my final criticism cannot be overcome (size). So here's the issues in the FIRST WEEK:Heat: The phone gets absurdly hot and at the same time drains the battery in minutes. I'll pull it out of my back pocket, and despite being locked, there is some app running that wasn't running when I locked it, the phone is really hot, and the battery is low/dead.Mail: Gmail pushes sometimes, doesn't others. Might be a setting, but a frigging Google device should have seamless gmail. And yes, of course I made sure I was on the network, etc. I'm good with droidsVolume keys: The keys are far too sensitive, seems like every time I barely tap them, the phone is on mute and I miss calls.Phone DIES: On the 4th day I had it... *poof*...phone died. Had to pull the battery and do a re-set. Yes, this happened with my Incredible a few times, but maybe twice in two years..not on the FOURTH DAY.Screen Freezes: Screen has frozen up on me about 15 times in this first week, if I'm on a webpage, the links do nothing; or in an application the buttons do nothing...then 5 minutes later it works again.Brightness adjustment has a mind of its own: Even when I set brightness to manual and turn it all the way up, the phone will decide to go dim on me so I can hardly see it. If this is because the +/- buttons are being inadvertently pushed, I don't care...it's happening.RADIO: This phone does NOT have an internal FM radio. I researched it, and the European versions do. I'm NOT talking about iHeart or another streaming product, those use data. I'm talking about a regular built-in radio. My Incredible has one. The headphones work as an antenna. It works even if the phone isn't connected to a wireless network. This phone doesn't, and that's lame.TOO BIG: The one problem I can't get past is the size. I'm a pretty big guy, so I figured I'd get used to the size. After a week....I haven't. I pick up my old Incredible and miss it. Yes, the screen on the Galaxy is amazing, but it barely fits in my front pocket. Also, I like to run with my phone so I can listen to the radio (that this phone doesn't have...had to use iHeart), but this one is so big I can't ever get it to feel right and I KNOW I'm going to drop it too often. This one is a deal killer. Think REALLY hard before getting one of these "phablets"; to me the trade off isn't worth it.Bottom line: The Galaxy screen is amazing. The phone is wicked fast, and I love all the widgets I'm used to. Web surfing is amazing (when it's not frozen), and I'm sure the camera is great (I've only taken a few pictures), but for me, this phone has WAY too many quirks. If I'm looking at my screen thinking "now what?" half the time...then I have no use for the thing.I am within my 14 days and am going to bring this phone back.And before you Galaxy 3 nuts flame me and tell me everything I did wrong, please understand: I am an experienced droid user who REALLY, REALLY wanted to love this phone. And if you need to go through a list of "fixes" that could make all these issues go away, then the phone obviously has major design flaws.If I could get past the size, I'd probably try another one (there's no way these are common problems, is there?), but it's too darned big so I'm moving on.Now the problem is what to get. The iPhone 5 supposedly has horrible maps and that stupid new charger or I'd probably just give up and go that route, but I'm thinking trying another droid....maybe the Razr or another Incredible.
cellphone|I researched the phone a lot before buying. I went on a formum called Howards forum and talked to several people there. Then I talked to the seller of this phone who gave me helpful info on which phone to get. I was worried about buying the international over the US version. Seller said it was better and so did the forums. I have service through a small provider. I have always had a Blackberry and had upgraded as soon as the new one came out. We got my mother a Samsung because she wanted a smartphone and I loved what she had. Galaxy 2. Anyway I got my phone 2 days after order was placed. I am not sure why anyone would have problems with the phone being in German. It gives instructions on how to set the phone before you can open the box. Box is sealed with the instructions. Phone is very fast, pictures are beautiful. Camera has none of the lag of other camera phones I have owned have. I practiced on the grand kids today and got very good action shots. Everything is set up to send the photos anywhere you want. I will be getting an Otterbox cover as I really don't want to damage that beautiful screen.. I seem to be running the battery down fast but I have downloaded lots of apps and pictures so I hope thats it. So far it seems to last one day between charges. But as I say I have been using pretty heavy. So far I would buy this phone again.
cellphone|el que sabe de telefono inteligente sabe que trato de decir cunando me refiero que el mejor telefono que hay en el mercado
cellphone|very goodi vove itit is what i wantso nicei like itthans so muchit is great
cellphone|Gotten say this is the best screen and processor there is out there. Nothing beats it in comparison!1- Speed: Definitely the most optimized UI out there compared to other Android I tried. For the closest experience to iPhone, this is it! Throw any games at it and it will trash it. The best part is that you can run full blown desktop webpage and still runs butter smooth! You definitely cannot do this with other phones such as HTC or LG I tried from my friends. If you came from S2 phone like myself, then this is truly a worthy upgrade2-Camera - Fast! Takes picture like a lightning! Lots of option to choose from and realty easy to just pull out and shoot for those brief moment shots3- Construction- lightweight plastic. Its quite prone to break if dropped but if you are careful with a sturdy case, this won't be a problem. I am using an extended battery and have a case to attest to this statement4- Sound- i used parrot zik and shure SE535 and they work like a dream on this. NFC sync to my zik so easily!5- Screen- Simply the most colorful screen out there. Samsung really put out a lot of work on the amoled screen and it paid off. The colors are truly incredible and the size is simply perfect for videos.CONS5- Battery Life - with beautiful screen and superb performance comes at a price of battery life. With my type of drainage use , it goes at 8 hours and its done. Mainly from the poor reception of 4G with my carrier. However this is easily fixed with an extended battery purchased that I also reviewed about. The battery life now is not a problem with 2 day use easily.Overall a masterpiece with a slight flaw that can be easily solved. If want to jump ship to android from the boring iOS that has no change for past 5 years, this is the ticket to do so:)
cellphone|I was a previous iPhone user, until I switched from the 4 to a Galaxy S2, and I loved it, but there were alot of things wrong with the S2, Samsung has listened to user feedback and used their experience to make this 4.8 inch masterpiece. Why do I love this phone so much?1) Performance - Scrolling is buttery smooth, gaming is buttery smooth, even throwing NOVA 3 at it will not phase that quad-core Exynos 4212 and the improved Mali-400 beast (oh I mean chip) inside this phone. It blows the Tegra 3 and the Snapdragon S4 clean out of the water, sorry One X owners.2) Audio - The S2 has okay audio quality, it's Yamaha chip was fine for...most people, however it was a bit disappointing compared to even the iPhone's sound quality, so I always used software decoding for listening to music. The S3 has seen Samsung's return to the Wolfson audio chip, and it is absolutely stunning especially with the new SoundAlive system which allows Bass Boosting, Clarity, and Virtualization out of the box.3) Camera - The S2's camera was good, the S3's camera is even better. It may be a 'measly' 8MP, but Samsung has played around with the software in order to create a camera with zero shutter lag, a definite plus. Now it can take great looking photos, quickly.4) Battery Life - The GS2 has a notoriously horrible battery life, it was basically essential to root and install custom ROMs because of the battery life. The GS2 had a 1650 mAh battery, the S3 has a 2100 mAh battery. It may have even more power than the S2 but the battery life is definitely improved, I just watched over 2 hours straight of 720p video and the battery meerely went from 85% to 70%. If this was my GS2 it would have gone from 85% to 60 or even lower. Battery life while using data has also been improved, an hour of internet browsing hit my battery only 10% rather than the 20 or 30 that would have been seen on the S25) The feel - The S2 was made out of plastic, very light plastic that felt cheap. Of course I know better than to judge how "cheap" a phone is by lightness, but many other reviewers hated it for this very reason. Samsung answered by making the S3 out of poly-carbonate, the same material as a One X. As a result, it feels solid and light in my hand, amazingly it managed to be 5g heavier than the One X while feeling so much lighter.6) The "new" TouchWiz - I know TouchWiz has had alot, I mean alot of hate over the years. I hated TW3 myself, and didn't enjoy the orignal TW4, only enjoying it's lock screen. The new Touchwiz shipped out with this phone that has a nature feel to it feels great. The ripple effect on the unlock is very enjoyable and I enjoy the Galaxy Nexus inspired app drawer. As a plus I am so grateful to Samsung for removing the horrible Social and Media Hubs.Of course however...in everything there are things you don't like, and this is no different. The HD Super Amoled screen is great, but, I really wish that for this phone they would have created the Plus version. The Pentile matrix is just inferior to the RBG RBG layout. The ppi is high enough however to stop the picture from being blurry, so its just a nitpik. The things like SmartStay and S-Voice are frankly gimmicks though, and while they seem to have potential they don't really...work. Frankly Iris is better than S-Voice.
cellphone|This is without a doubt the best phone I've ever owned. I dropped the iPhone 4S for this phone. Didn't expect to like it more than the iPhone 4S, but kept an open mind and decided to try it out. Glad I did. The screen on this phone is amazing.I use Google services like email, calendar and docs. I wanted a more integrated phone and that's what I got. I switched from iTunes to Google Music, which is fantastic. I'm deep in the cloud now and I love it.Android is freedom. I am using the Swift 3 keyboard. I have a thing for great keyboards and I love how Android lets us choose the keyboards we want.Next, I went with GoSMS rather than stock SMS. Much better. Using TweetCaster Pro as my twitter client. Using Google Currents, Google Reader and Pocket for daily news. For notes I am using EverNote. For tasks, I went with GTasks to sync with my Google tasks.Using GMail, and Chrome for Android for email and browser. Google Music for music, BeyondPod as my Podcasting client, and Audible's own client for my Audible books. Google Play Movies for movies and TV shows, Google Books and Magazines for books and magazines.Google Maps and Places turn by turn directions and finding common places like coffee shops and so on. Facebook and Google plus for social along with the twitter client.There are tons of games. Cut the Rope, Amazing Alex, Angry Birds, Defender, FieldRunners and so many others. I have about 20 games on this phone. QuickOffice for office documents which ties into Google Docs and DropBox.There is nothing this phone can't do. And you get an amazing screen that makes my iPhone screen look like a postage stamp. With Apple, I got tired of the same design, same screen, same icons in much the same way. Hello widgets! I have HD Widgets and they are beautiful. My clock / weather widget is big, bold and beautiful. I can even adjust the color of the font!!All my banks are supported, and Mint is available as well.Lot's of GPS apps for running. FitBit, Loseit and so on to keep tabs on food intake and calories burned.I also found this super cool package tracking app called ShipRack. You email a tracking number and they add it to your phones Shiprack tracking app.Samsung gave me white headphones which have pause / play and forward reverse buttons. So I can control my music from the headphones. I also picked up a pair of UrBeats from the AT&T store, plus a BlueTooth sports headphones for when I run.This is a great phone for business and personal uses. It's stylish and fast. You won't feel lag and you add more storage capacity for about $30 for 32 more GBs.Soooo much better than my iPhone. At least I think so. If for no other reason than the email client. So easy to email anything. We have a full file system which makes attachments a breeze. OMG how much I wanted that one feature!
cellphone|First, this is a review of the US version of the phone. I tried to put a review up on the US version, but Amazon wouldn't let me. So hopefully this helps out people deciding to get the US version of the phone. In case people are wondering this is for the Sprint network.The US version of the phone differs as it has a Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 Processor with 1.5 GHz Dual-Core CPUs, while the the rest of the hardware specs are the same as the international version.I switched from an HTC EVO 4G to get this phone and so far it's been great! Here are the things I like about the phone:* The phone is a nice size, it's lighter than my HTC EVO 4G.* The processor is one of the fastest US released Android phone, and it comes with 2 GB of RAM.* I played around with the camera and video camera and the quality is great in my opinion. (I'll post some pics or a video later.)* The ICS 4.0 is really snappy and it opens up applications quickly.* It comes with Google Wallet. I signed up and got a free $10 to use. (I'm going to McDonald's to test it out!)* I've only use the S Voice application a few times, but it seems to be just like Siri on my wife's iPhone 4S.* It comes with a micro SD slot in case more space is needed to save pictures, videos, etc.* You can change out the battery if needed.* Battery life last twice as long compared to my HTC EVO 4G.Now for some cons:* This is carrier related and not the phone itself, but there is no 4G LTE on the Sprint Network. Other networks such at AT&T and Verizon should be better, but I'm stuck with 3G speeds for now.* The phone is so nice, that I baby it all the time!I was on the fence about getting this phone or the HTC EVO 4G LTE aka HTC One X. The main things that I like over the the Samsung Galaxy 3 over the HTC EVO 4G LTE is that it comes with the Micro SD slot and also the battery can be changed if it ever goes bad.I love this phone! :)
cellphone|I got the S3 yesterday, since I owned a iPhone 4S here the comparison:DESIGN: Galaxy S3 design is stunning, the feeling on hands is incredible. The ergonomics makes all the difference. The iPhone 4S is very squarish and definitely more solid but heavier too (way heavier);SCREEN: Galaxy S3 screen is wonderful with vivid colours and sharp imaages, 4,8 inches vs 3.5 of the iPhone, after you make the transition you wont never come back, impossible.OPERATING SYSTEM: S3 usability is a boom. iPhone is good but never at the level of the S3, way way slower.BATTERY: S3 gets full day + 30% remaining battery, iPhone last till four or five PM;GPS: Galaxy S3 gets locked in less than 10 seconds inside a building, iPhone searches and searches with no success;CAMERA: they are very similar, S3 is faster and iPhone is may be a bit better in term of quality. No dramatic difference.S-VOICE vs SIRI: they are both very basic and more fun than usefull.USB-BLUETOOTH: iPhone only works with iTunes, no Bluetooth, no radio. Galaxy S3 can be usb-connected to computers and flashmemory, it has easy bluetooth connection and yes ... it has an amazing radio :)APPS: to be sincere, all relevants apps in iPhones are present in Android. They have better design but they are at payment while in Android are always free. No mayor differences.Galaxy S3 is an extraordinary good purchase. Recommended for all ex-iPhone users. You wont regret, there is a world outside iTunes :)
cellphone|I've never had any android device and at first I was a little apprehensive, coming from a blackberry the difference is noticeable. I'm very happy, tons of apps, low price, no exclusivity problems (like the nokia lumia 900 or iphone). I had the opportunity to handle an iphone for quite some time and I really don't get why people like it that much, this phone is way better, has a lot of functions and a real screen. I absolutely recommend it. And regarding the other review, probably that MORON is installing the SIM card backwards, the phone is fully unlocked and operational.
cellphone|Buyers beware the phone is not supported by Samsung US. My just phone died after 5 months of use and now I have spent almost 5 hours of chatting and calling different folks from Samsung and no one would take responsibly. The seller should have mentioned this while selling the product.
cellphone|I am amazed by the power of my Galaxy S3.It is as flexible as a PC Windows computer, you just drag and drop files to its directory, and run the appropriate apps to use it, music, movies, all work great. It is a perfect complement to my Windows 7 computer. In a Iphone, all transfer must be done using Itunes, and it is very limited and frustrating-Android is based on Linux, and Linus is based on Unix, its power is astounding and amazing in the Galaxy S3. I tried and ran the old DOS Foxplus database program in it, using a DOS emulator, and it ran it perfectly, no problems! Amazing!Almost all the apps in the Play store are free, you can download the ones to suit your need. The selection of apps are comparable to IPhone IOS appstore. However, there are fewer games for the kids. But for adults, there are more, because adult apps are allowed. I spent more than a $1000 for apps for my IOS devices, and $0 for my Galaxy S3.There are more beautiful apps for music and streaming using the Galaxy S3 than Iphone, because they are allowed and legal, and not allowed in the Itunes environment.Apple also made money from you by storage upgrade. In S3, upgrade using a 32 g. SDcard is just about 20-30 dollar, you have to pay more than $200 for a 64 g. Iphone.The processing speed of the CPU is faster than Iphone 4S, my Flipboard program run faster in S3. Most apps from the same vendors run better in Galaxy S3 than Iphone 4S, noticeably movie and music live streaming apps.However, I am a computer/math professional. From my point of view, Iphone is better for the majority of people for its easier user interface, Iphone just plug and play, need to learn nothing, Apple has done it fantastically to the mass with almost zero learning curve. Galaxy S3 is better for the professional who knows and understands computers and programming to exploit its resources. I spent some times exploring and learning my S3 interface and capabilities, at the beginning I was confused and lost!
cellphone|Okay, I was a bit skeptical when ordering this phone, for one I did not want to be ripped off buy the seller. overall I was just scared that I would be blowing $650.00 for the phone.I ordered the phone on the 9th of July 2012 and I received it on the 11th of July(express shipping of course) and I was so pleased with the delivery time, it got to me a day earlier. The phone is awesome. I was scared at first when my old SIM car would not fit but thanks to the help of youtube you can cut down your SIM card into a micro SIM card (no guarantees) but luckily it did work.I contacted the seller and within 10 minutes I got a response.( I contacted the seller cause I could not get my SIM card in the slot so I thought I got a bad phone but then I realised that is how the phone is made, just like the Iphone 4s it requires a micro SIM card which you should be able to get from your service provider.)So if you ever doubt ordering something so expensive. This review is for youIt came neatly packed, with headphones, charger, manual and the phone of course.So far the phones performance has been spectacular, the S voice is incredibly amazing and much more improved from the galaxy S 2. The graphics is also very great. In terms of battery performance its okay for a phone that has high performance, but if you have a car charger and one at home you should be good to go.You wont regret it!!!!
cellphone|
cellphone|I had got my Samsung Galaxy S3 a month ago from amazon...it was my first product to buy from amazon..and bought it from seller stylevie ...they packed and shipped it very carefully!!Now about the product...It was awesome phone to have...some what like little computer..lolSCREEN : Thanx to Gorilla glass...the scratches were not caught on screen atol..but better to have a screen protecter and a good case to avoid any damage..becoz i dropped it two times :P but nothing happened becoz of case :)TOUCH: The touch was buttery smooth u'll njoy it!!CAMERA: -The camera was also too good and take pictures very clearly and 1080p video quality was also excellent with continues auto focus (and can take good pictures while recording video). -The front camera also takes 720P video!!!!! :DBATTERY: It'll take around 2 1/2 (2.5 hrs)for fully charging from 0 to 100%...and it will be run for about 14hrs with more usage and it lasts for a day by normal usage....there was power saving mode option and u can increase its running time...HEATING UP: Not at all, u see S3 doest heat soo much as it was heated in S2....if u use mobile for hours by playing games ,watching videos or browsing net there will be a very little heat at downpart of the phoneSOFTWARE : As u know Icecream sandwich was really excellent and running good on s3 and the jellybean update will be coming in a few months too!!!!!!CONNECTIVITY : The bluetooth version is 4.0 which is very latest...there is wi-fi...u can connect to usb's using a USB on the go cable...and u can also connect to specially designed keyboards , mouse ,...etc.,PERFORMANCE : It is a quad core processor!!!! no lags atol and and it was smooth while scrolling even more than dozen of apps are running... :DFEATURES: -It has many features like s-voice , s-beam , pop-up play etc., The S-voice was also good like apple's siri :)-The S-beam was also good ....and i like very much the feature called pop up play....u can pop up video that is playing and u can keep the video any where u want on the big screen.It was not laggy and was so smooth to move over the screen and can simultaneously can do texting browse net etc.,-when we open video player u can see thumbnails playing a little preview of video and u can easily select the video u want :)-samsung touchwiz also very good :)-slide ur hand on screen and take screenshot-tap on top to move to top of the list u r scrolling , smart stay , Direct call....what can i say there were many features like these..! :DDISPLAY : It was 720P resolution display which is very nice to view videos,while playing games etc.,...however in sunlight there will be little dissapointment...but keeping the brightness to full u can see even bright light :)APPS: U have tons of apps in google play store...and the HD games which have more size also run very smooth.. :)STORAGE: I have 16gb internal memory(11Gb available for storage) which is enough :)But i bought another 32GB external memory card...now my storage was huge(48GB)!!!!!!!while installing apps..app2sd was not working at present which is used to install apps to sd cardso i loaded music videos and other stuff to sd card and installed apps on phone memory so that i can manage perfectly :)POCKETABILITY:The S3 was a big phone .its about 5 inch mobile ....first i doubted whether it fits perfectly in my pocket...when i kept my phone in pocket(jeans or normal) it fits perfectly!!!! The phone was thin and happily fits in pocket no worries :) Finally i can say onething Samsung Galaxy S3 was an awesome phone to have and its a Beast!!!!!!!!!! :D :)
cellphone|Nov 1, 2012 Update on my phone. When it worked, it was great & I loved it. Now AT&T & myself can't get it to work, even with new SIM cards. Won't recognize AT&T data signals. So my $600.00 smart phone is now DUMB & I hate that it doesn't work! I can ONLY make & receive calls (maybe). AT&T is unable to get my phone to work properly, 4 calls to customer service & 2 times at AT&T store with no resolution. Samsung US will not help because it's international phone. I did not want an international phone, just an unlocked phone. So buyer beware, you may have problems with the unlocked international phone on AT&T or T-Mobile.Oct 4, 2012 I'm being asked to review the Galaxy S3 GT-19300 international version Pebble Blue (which is ultimately what I received in the mail). HOWEVER... What I PURCHASED from Amazon (looking at my printed order as I type this) was, "Samsung Galaxy S3 Unlocked GSM Smart Phone (Pebble Blue). Sold by TRD-Trading GmbH." There was NOTHING in the title or the product description/details to indicate this was an unlocked international phone. SURPRISE ON DELIVERY... The package arrived on 9/5/12 after the stated delivery date of 8/31/2012. When I opened the package from GLOBAL MOBILES, I found European charger, US adaptor, German & English language instructions booklets, German apps, German voice recognition, and some typed instructions on how to get phone to work on US cell service. Well I'm not a techno geek, so this was a little puzzling for me to figure out quickly & easily.I have purchased many items through Amazon and have always been satisfied. However, I was disappointed in the representation of this product. I would have wanted to know before my purchase that I was purchasing an international unlocked phone. Buyer beware, a little more truth in advertising.It took myself & the AT&T rep almost an hour to get the phone working correctly & remove German language issues for the voice recognition. I was finally able to remove the pre-installed German apps after several days of attempts (they kept coming back), I think they are finally gone. The ONE big drawback so far (aside from the initial stuff) the battery life is not so great & I have it on battery saving mode. I have to recharge every day. My old Samsung Capitvate went for days before needing a charge. Is there a solution for this battery issue? Otherwise, this IS a great phone. I'll take Android any day. Another BIG plus, I'm not locked into a contract & don't have all the bloatware that cell providers think you need & want.So far, I'm happy with the phone & when I figure out all it can do, I'll love it. I also think the unlocked international version is probably the better version. Also, I have been unable to find the user manual for the GT-19300. The Samsung site does not show one & Google searches have not come up with any. Has anyone found the user manual for the Galaxy S3 GT-19300?
cellphone|This item doesn't have any kind of warranty. I bought it just 6 months ago from Amazon.com, because I needed an unlocked phone as I use two sims from two different countries. And it just died for no apparent reason. I contacted Samsung USA, however, I was told that as it was an international version not sold in the US it wasn't supported either! They proposed me to contact Samsung UK. Samsung UK told me since I bought the phone in the US they couldn't support me with any warranty, and to go check witn US Samsung, which I previously asked and was told to go to Samsung UK, so I got in that loop, hence leaving my phone without any warranty no matter what country I am. I just lost my $700 usd I spent in this item!!!! Samsung Galaxy S3 has been having lots of hardware problems, to fix mine will cost $500 usd to replace the motherboard not worth it!!! WARNING!!!Check for "Samsung Galaxy S3 Sudden Death Syndrome" before considering to buy this phone.
cellphone|Given the track record of the Samsung Galaxy S series, it is no wonder the latest edition to the line has been the talk of the Android town. With a recent international release and a US launch right around the corner, we took some time to get acquainted with the Samsung Galaxy S III and put it through its paces.The US version of the phone, which for the first time is identical on all major carriers including Verizon, AT&T, Sprint, and T-Mobile, differs slightly from its international counterpart in the hardware department, featuring a dual-core Snapdragon S4 processor as opposed to a quad-core Exynos chipset, but despite the CPU swap, the phone benefits from 2GB of RAM and LTE/HSPA+ 42 (depending on carrier) connectivity.HARDWARE:If you are looking for top-notch hardware, look no further than the Samsung Galaxy S III. Its spec sheet puts it on par with recent heavy weights like the HTC One X and easily place it amongst the most powerful devices on the market. The phone's hardware is built up around two cornerstones: a 1.5GHz dual-core Snapdragon S4 processor and a gorgeous 4.8-inch Super AMOLED HD display. Throw in 2GB of RAM and you are dealing with just about the smoothest Android 4.0 experience on the market.DESIGN:The Galaxy S III keeps things relatively simple. An 8.6mm profile appears all the thinner thanks to some well-place curves while a metallic bezel breaks up any sharp lines (the Pebble Blue color scheme seems apply named as the phone gives off the appearance that it has been gently shaped by nature, much like a rock at the bottom of a riverbed). You won't find many ports, only a microUSB connection for charging. With available adaptors it can also act as an HD video output. A power on/off/standby button and volume rocker are the only two physical keys aside from the standard Galaxy S III home button.Yes, the Galaxy S III home button is back, which means Samsung has opted to not go with Android Ice Cream Sandwich's software navigation keys. The physical home button is flanked by two capacitive buttons, one that will call up the "Menu" functions and the other operating as the "Back" key. These keys are backlit and light up only when touched (the time-out can be adjusted or set to always on). We'll get to how Samsung has handled Android 4.0&#8242;s multi-tasking function in the `Software' section.An 8MP camera handles picture and video, which can be recorded in full 1080p HD. The rear sensor is equipped with a flash and auto-focus capabilities and supplemented by a front-facing camera for vanity shots and video calls.As benchmarks will attest to, the average person won't notice much of a difference between the quad-core and dual-core versions of the GS3. In fact, owners of the dual-core version get a few added bonuses in the form of an additional gig of RAM and the ability to utilize the latest 4G networks. Verizon, Sprint, and AT&T's versions of the phone are equipped with LTE while T-Mobile operates on HSPA+ 42, meaning data speeds will be top-notch no matter what network the phone is activated on. Quality may be influenced by the particular carrier, but the phone's hardware provides solid, clear audio during calls.SOFTWARESamsung has not only gone to great lengths to offer one of the most impressive pieces of Android hardware we have ever seen, but also to add a level or richness to the Android operating system itself. Based around Ice Cream Sandwich, a new generation of Samsung's TouchWiz interface has been enhanced with human interaction in mind. Not only are we introduced to new gestures such as the ability to place the phone to your ear while viewing a text message to initiate a call or to pan between homescreens by moving the phone left or right, but Samsung has also made using the smartphone a more social experience with some new sharing features.NFC is utilized to both network devices for sharing photos and video, but also to take advantage of new Samsung's new TecTiles, which we have covered previously. Group sharing allows one user to stream a presentation, video, or photo to multiple handsets, while AllShare lets users send content to a television set or share files between a PC and their phone. Sharing even extends into the phone's camera.If that's not enough, Samsung has also included the new S Voice application, which allows users to command their phone using only their voice. The service offers plenty of functionality and is right up there with Apple's popular Siri in terms of usefulness. S Voice can call up a weather report, perform a Google search, get direction, or compose a text message with ease.Add in a customizable launcher bar, lockscreen shortcuts, and toggle switches in the notifications pane to control WiFi, Bluetooth, Airplane Mode and more, and Samsung has just about covered anything. Well, except for multi-tasking, which, for whatever reason, is now accessed by long-pressing the physical home key. We can understand why Samsung might want to strive for consistency and keep the phone's trademark home button, but why they decided to forego Android 4.0&#8242;s new set of navigation buttons (back, home, and multi-tasking), has me scratching my head. Multi-tasking still functions as it should, but as one of the central features of Ice Cream Sandwich it is a bit surprise that Samsung has placed it on the back burner, so to say.CAMERA:You want great pictures and even better features from your smartphone camera? Again, the Galaxy S III has you covered. The 8MP camera provides excellent photo and video, while an new capabilities make taking and sharing the results even easier than ever.While I was impressed with the results, things like Share Shot and Buddy Photo Share seal the deal. With Share Shot a group of Galaxy S III handsets can be linked over a wireless network to automatically share photos between devices as they are taken. Buddy Photo Share uses facial recognition to tag people from your contacts list in your photos automatically, allowing you to easily share pictures with your friends in them.Video mode has a few cool new features, including the ability to seamlessly snap photos while taking video (something we first same in HTC Sense 4.0) and a focus lock mode that keeps the camera trained to a certain focal point no matter where you move it, bringing professional level control over the final result.CONCLUSION:Consider me impressed. Even with a bit of apprehension about previous incarnations of the TouchWiz interface, Samsung still managed to deliver an intuitive and natural Android experience on top of hardware that really has no comparison (other than perhaps the HTC One X).
cellphone|Hi i just want to mention that this international version supports only Edge not 3g or 4g with T mobile connection. i didnt try with other carrier. Please be aware, i am not sure if there is any other way to make it work on 3G
cellphone|After using Blackberry for over 5 years, I made the decision to try the Android line of phones. After doing some research on both the Motorola Droid Max and the Samsung Galaxy S3; I settled on the Samsung. The phone lives up to all the specifications only negative is its battery live. I would recommend this phone to anyone who wants a serious android phone.
cellphone|This phone is great- I like the speed of pages loading on wi-fi. It is a much better web browser than my old Droid X, because of the bigger screen and sharper resolution. I love the camera- especially the burst mode. Reviewers say it is not as bright as screens in other state of the art phones, but it is bright enough for me. Be sure to put on a protective case right away, as this phone is very slippery and slim. In only 2 days, I have already dropped it 3x. It likes to slide off tables, too. BTW, for the fashion conscious, the pebble blue is only blue on the outer rim- the back and front surfaces are a dark metallic pewter that favorably belies its plastic composition. It looks ritzier than the plain black or white. I got the T-Mobile version and have not used the 4g much, so I can't comment on network quality. The first full charge on the battery only lasted 12 hours, but I did have wi-fi on the whole time. I got it for $99 direct from T-Mobile on a one day sale- they will probably run the sale again on their site. Generally I prefer Motorola phones for their ruggedness, but for the price I could not pass this up (case will make up for it.)
cellphone|At the time of this review this is the best Android smartphone. That's what I expected when ordered and when I got it, I was not disappointed. Those familiar with Android will find all usual features, in a fast responding hardware, a beautiful large screen and a very thin and slick profile. Also some nice Samsung widgets and apps that come with it make initial configuration quick. The phone came unlocked and I was able to use my SIM card without any additional steps, besides the fact that it had to be converted into a microSIM using my knife :)Only one surprise when I got it - the phone came pre-configured for the German market, including language settings and some local bloatware. Eventually it was not a problem, I just switched the language and removed the bloatware (most of it was removable).A few points worth mentioning:Speed - I have had quite a few Android devices, phones and tablets - this is the fastest and smoothest one by far.Camera - I was very surprised with the speed of the camera and the quality of the pics.S-Voice (Siri equivalent) - pretty much worthless at this point...Contacts - I liked the additional options in the Samsung version, such as merging various user profiles (Facebook, Google, Skype etc) into one contact.Sound - Seems that the sound quality and max volume in the headphones are better than other devices I have/had.It has a Barometer, it's nice to have, still trying to find uses for it.
cellphone|This is the best phone I have ever owned - of the six I have had over a lifetime (three Blackberry, three Android). I would be hard pressed to think of any serious complaints. If anything, it is a large phone. However, you know that going into it. As for battery life, all LTE phones suffer from less than stellar battery life. I don't find the S3 any worse than others. In fact, better than my Rezound.I bought this phone outright, out of contract. I don't regret one dime of what I spent. I doubt even the new iPhone will beat it (even though it will finally have an updated look, same tired OS).LOVE IT!
cellphone|I ordered this phone a couple weeks ago as a gift for my boyfriend and I am quite happy. The package came on time and was exactly what it was supposed to be. And the phone, amazing! Super-fast, ridiculously clean graphics and just overall awesome. I had a really hard time handing it over and am considering getting one myself. People have been labeling it the iPhone killer. I wouldn't necessarily go that far as to say it kills the iPhone but its certainly giving it a run for its money! Definitely get this phone if you're considering it.
cellphone|Gets hot, battery life is dismal, poor Bluetooth stereo signal (about 5 feet) and poor Wi-Fi signal. Specs are sweet but performance is seriously lacking. Trust me the IPhone 5 will crush this. Touch screen is not very accurate or responsive when using Internet. My battery is almost drained while typing this. Have you ever heard of Gorilla Glass? Well this phone has Shatters Glass instead. Drop it once from any height and it shatters!!!!
cellphone|The 2 handsets available at present are the: International and N.A. models. The SK model(s) will be tomorrow. I bought the marble white N.A. model and it's crap. Let me tell you why:* You HAVE to buy this from a carrier on a contract favoured to the carrier without 100% insurance. If your credit is not on par then you will have trouble.* IF you buy this somehow from a reseller without a contract, read the fine print regarding their return policy.* The N.A. version is dumbed down, period. This phone is for dummies if not on contract. Why? It is over-valued as price and risk of loss are higher than over-all value.* If you drop this thing and it breaks, GAME OVER. You will have lost your money and then have to spend more to replace it.THIS THING IS PLASTIC and GLASS. THE PRICE IS HYPED AND OVER-VALUED!!! I cannot stress this enough.Now, if we lived in a World where You and/or I could buy this phone anywhere, anytime for any provider AND easily purchase rock-solid insurance at a very reasonable price, then I'd agree that this is a keeper. BUT IT ISN'T. Sure go buy an Otterbox brick-sized case for more money just to protect it. Not from water though, nor from loss/damage or being stolen.If this thing was backed by Samsung with these sort of common-sense, simple, cradle to grave considerations, or at least a map to where this exists, then they could be very consumer-friendly, BUT they're not so don't be a dummy and get sucked into the hype before you truly THINK about how your earnings are help putting who out of business.I support Android, but these handset makers easily detach themselves from product responsibility when crazed cellphone consumers see tunnel-vision.Look for a company that insures any cellular phone with rock-solid fine print and commitment to consumer justice. If one does not exist, there you go, it's an entrepreneurial cash-cow waiting for your inception. :)
cellphone|Funciona perfecto, cunple con todas las especificaciones, se actualiz&oacute; a JB enseguida sin problemas. Y funciona perfecto con prestadores de Argentina. No me arrepiento para nada y lo volver&iacute;a a elegir!
cellphone|Just perfect...Thanks, it was just like it said in the offer. Very professional and fast.Best regards.Germ&aacute;n Sims S&egrave;ve.
cellphone|Una obra de arte, lo amaran. El iphone es juguete al lado de esta maquina.A masterpiece, you will love it. The iphone is a toy beside this machine.
cellphone|The best phone I ever have.... Ive been an Iphone fan since it came out.... NOT ANYMORE!! this is much better...!!! many more posibilities, programs, adds on... gadgets..... everything.....
cellphone|I love the phone it is very usefulVery modern phone, It is controlling the marketI already recommended to my friends
cellphone|My five stars is because this product really was beyond my expectations.Positives: pretty design, great screen quality, apps very functional.Negatives: I couldn't find yet.People complain about the size, but you know that you are buying it. At least I can read well some files.
cellphone|amazing item ad and excellent gift to give to any body and looks very fine article to buy any time, and excellent gadget
cellphone|Battery life is the only thing that deserves improvement. Overall, it is na amazing device and I am very satisfied.
cellphone|I have the Sprint version of this phone. Super nice large screen, can take up to 64MB of Class 6 memory! I talked to a Samsung factory expert, and he said they just started shipping the 64MB class 6 card for this Qualcomm processor phone.It has a problem with class 10 camera memory, the board is not supporting it, so if you want to not have to format your card because it crashed, like it did twice in a week on my phone, keep with Class 4 (*Which the Sprint stores sell, not 6 or 10) or the faster Class 6 memory. I bought it right here $15 on Amazon Samsung MB-MSAGA/US 16 GB Class 6 microSDHC Flash Memory Card get it today.
cellphone|una mounstruo de equipo nuevo desbloqueado recomendado es mas que un telefono sirve para todo lo mejor que he visto
cellphone|Amazing phone, easy to use. The graphics are great.It feel good in the pocket though it seems quite big.The best thing is the camera!
cellphone|Needless to say the gift was a success. My husband loved it and I feel happy every time I see him play with it. IT is not my cup of tea but my hubby likes to experiment and such so he will work with it.
cellphone|Couldn't be happier with this phone. With the latest 4.1 Android, it runs smoothly and with a lot of features.
cellphone|love the phone, it's fast and the screen is very clear. The size is excellent and not heavy. Still trying out different things on it.
cellphone|Got this thing from Hassle free cell. It arrived on time. Its a class apart piece of engineering. Everything is excellent only the battery life is a problem but thats the case with most of the cellphones. The only problem I had was that I got the instruction guide with the product in French. Apart from that its awesome.
cellphone|Nice piece of tech, powerful, nice camera and nice screen but just like some people say it feels kinda plastic but with a nice cover it doesn't really bother me.
cellphone|Quad Core is better than Dual Core.... You do the math!!!Pros.Excellent screen, very resistent.Perfect screen sizeFlash supportCustomizableCons.SVoice doesn't works in spanishIs not ergonomic
cellphone|A worth for the money, I have already placed an order for the S3 mini for my wife. I love it.
cellphone|Strongly recommend this phone to anyone looking for a new, cutting-edge device. Its systems and apps work very well, the device is light (especially considering its size) and resistant, in spite of its frail, cheap appearence. Samsung should definitely have invested a bit more for the casing. The battery life is a plus.
cellphone|Now this is called a smart phone. It is a smart companion, rather than being just a phone! It can sense when to lock itself, all the motion sensors & smart tasks. Oh. I love this!
cellphone|I LOVE IT! I am not a big fan of apple because of the way they lock their software and in all honestly I hate iTunes...I got used to Android and absolutely loved this phone! Great functionality, awesome screen and it just does a lot.I recently changed it for an iPhone 5 because I got the iPhone from work, but I do miss my Galaxy 3. Siri is better on the iPhone, I'll give apple that, but on the rest, I'll stick to the Galaxy, for sure!
cellphone|yes it is very nice phone. very good working and i loved it very much. this is awesome deal i ever got!
cellphone|excelente m&oacute;vil. muy buena resoluci&oacute;n y fluidez. la c&aacute;mara es excelente y al actualizar a jelly bean mejora mucho m&aacute;s
cellphone|great phone,I got it to my brother and he just loved itthe phone arrived fast and I loved the service
cellphone|The best phone ever. Is just a great phone Easy to use and has everything you need in a smartphone
cellphone|Love the screen, size, weight of this phone. I strongly recommend it though i still have to make use of the NFC feature.
cellphone|Tris is the best phone in this moment, have all function andas more, i recommended totally i hope continue perfect
cellphone|pros:awesome featuresquad corelarge batterycon:worst designcool phone but a bit ovrpriced...but far better than its competitors.
cellphone|I love to travel here, there and everywhere. Most of the time I spend my vacations out of the country and one of the problems that travelers often encounter is the kind of phone to use. It is difficult not to be able to contact your friends and families whenever you are traveling, it is also not advisable to always purchase a local mobile phone whenever you are in another country. Thus, I opted to buy the Samsung Galaxy S. This phone can be used no matter where you are on the planet since it has been unlocked by the manufacturer itself. Although I have found several negative reviews in some aspects about this phone, I still bought it knowing that all I need is to have a phone that will help me in constant communication with my love ones no matter where I am in the planet. What is more interesting is that I bought it for half the original price, a great value for a great cellphone indeed.
cellphone|Love the phone. Wasn't too happy that the seal was broken or that the box was left outside my house.
cellphone|It's everything I wanted and more. After 1 month.. am still discovering the features and have no complaints at all. Best Buy EVER!
cellphone|It's a good smartphone. I'm lovin. It's fast, beautiful and slim. The iphone is past, the s3 is very better. The seller is very good too. Very fast and professional
cellphone|Excellent phone also come on time, better than any other smart phone I had before excellent and exactely as was described on line, very glad.
cellphone|It is fast delivery and it is running good now. It was unclock, can use it with any plane i want.Thank you very much
cellphone|Fantastic smartphone. The best one. Much better than iphone 4s (i had one).Sorry about my english, i'm from brazil.
cellphone|This cellphone is wonderfull. Very fast abd with it, you always will be connected. Everyone who buy this phone will enjoy it.
cellphone|as to the unit, i am enjoying now...love it....most esp the camera not to mention its applications....very useful ....unfortunately my headphone hasnt arrive yet because thats the only item that was not working well...i ended up buying new set....to sum it all, the s3 phone is really amazing
cellphone|It is very good phone which i am using it from last two months. Hopefully I hope to see S4 later next year
cellphone|product arrived on time, brand new and in excellent condition. My daughter really enjoys this phone, she likes better than Iphone. Thank you.
cellphone|Does anybody have any information regarding whether or not the Samsung Galaxy S III/S3 GT-I9300 Factory Unlocked Phone - International Version (Pebble Blue) is compatible with the Verizon 4G LTE network? or will the network not allow unlocked smart phone use?
cellphone|Battery life much lower than advertised. ALso, I had ordered two of these, and one fell on the ground and the screen cracked - is this covered by warranty?
cellphone|is the best cellphone i have ever tried. Its really fast and it takes really good potos. i love it
cellphone|The Galaxy S3 is an unlocked phone, the box, cell and manuals were neat and in very good conditions. I guess originally for the french and italian market.
cellphone|Nice phone with a lot of features that fit my needs for entertainment and for business. I just miss a MX Office application
cellphone|I must admit for the time i had this phone, it was the best. Better than the iPhone in many ways, sleek, light, and above all fast. The large screen is bright, and beautiful to look at. Android yet again offers their fans customization that just isn't seen in other mobile devices. For all of this, it should be rated a 5/5.But, sadly, after just over 4 months of use, my Galaxy S3 shut off for good. No warning, no error screen, nothing. After searching for a solution to the problem on google, perhaps a hard reset, i saw that several people were having the same problems with their phones, and in most cases the only thing they were able to do about it was return it and get a new one.I will not be getting a phone that seems to just inexplicably stop working after a certain amount of time. Sorry Samsung. For as good as this phone was, the risk just isn't worth the reward.
cellphone|This would be an excellent, international phone if the 3G 1700 frequency band and the microSD card slot were NOT missing.
cellphone|Hi,I've been using this phone more than 3 months, and it performs well.Unfortunately, I dropped it on the floor few days ago, and cannot make it work anymore. I don't know where I can fix it. I lived in south California. Do you know where is the official repair store here? I've tried very hard for finding any resources online, and still cannot find it.Thanks!
cellphone|I choose good, because Now I have a trouble with usb connect and charge of the battery, I think I have to buy a new battery and a new usb connector.
cellphone|It was a att phone. Hat the AT&T logo on the back cover. If I had known I would have gone to the ATT store...
cellphone|Switched over from an iPhone 4 and like the OS...Love Androd flexibility, customization, etc. just not on this phone.After 2 days I bought an extended battery which made a large phone - large and HEAVY.I put the original battery back in, dropped it, shattered the glass, and bought a Droid Razr Maxx HD off of Craigslist.That's my experience. I hope it helps people.Good luck out there!
cellphone|Great phone but it does too much. I wont use half of the capability of this phone nor would I waste my time trying to figure it out. It also is a battery hog with so many things running. There is a point where less is more and we finally reached that point. I sort of miss my htc inspire. Be prepared to have spare batteries or have a charger with you where ever you go. On a recent trip to Florida we could not use the phone as much as we needed to because the battery life is so short.
cellphone|el mejor equipo que he tenido, supero todas mis expectativas, los accesorios son lo mejor, lo &uacute;nico que cambiaria es el adaptador de corriente
cellphone|Me gusto el tiempo y forma de entrega, cumple con las expectativas de comprar en linea, se entrego en domicilio bien embalado.
cellphone|Just received the phone today, took it to Verizon to get the smaller SIM card and was informed that this phone is not compatible with the Verizon network. Amazon customer service worked with on setting up returning the phone.Kind of bummed, but off to the big blue box to pick up the phone.
cellphone|buen producto el equipo es totalmente nuevo funciona a la perfeccion es exactamente lo que esperaba y el precio es razonable
cellphone|THIS IS THE BEST SMART PHONE I EVER BOUGH. THE TOUCH SCREEN WORK GRAT. IS VERY EASY TO SET AND THE CAMERA IS THE BEST IN A CELLULAR.
cellphone|I bought the samsung with Hasslefreecell - and I was first not amused because I had to puy customs taxes for France. I told them I now they gave me a part back. So I think that's a nice gesture, because it's something the French government does :(:(:(
cellphone|was I fell from a height of 10 centimeters and is broke the screen, I do not recommend for anything this phone is broken very easily, I have a HTC that is me has fallen many times, that if it is a truth phone!
cellphone|a lot of features and a lot of bugs, the wifi keep turning off and on, doing bunch of researches and coming up with no solution to fix this issue plus a lot of other issues.
cellphone|I bought this phone a few weeks ago. It came in perfect condition, everything works wonderfully and I jus love it! There are so many things you can do with I. I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone.
cellphone|Hi, I love this phone , the cell phone is perfect and work very well. I take the best pictures.
cellphone|he tenido que pagar el doble del envio porque el vendedor coloco este MINIMO producto en una caja INMENSAAAAA no deben mentir en las dimensiones! mentirosos!
cellphone|This is the best phone I have ever have. It starts really fast. Responds fast to commands and easy to use.
cellphone|ME ENCANTA ESTE TELEFONO, SUPER RAPIDO LA INTERNET MUCHAS FUNCIONES NECESARIAS!! LO RECOMIENDOALTA DEFINICION, BELLO COLORIDO, RAPIDA INTERFAX, TODO BIEN!!
cellphone|Good very good.. amazin phone.. is the best of the world.. I am very happy with him.. good good good
cellphone|excelente producto entregado correctamente en el tiempo que el vendedor especifico, ademas de que el paquete llego sin ningun problema!
cellphone|I can't describe this cellphone, the brand talk by itself. Samsumg has the best celphones around the world. On Costa Rica it works perfect.
cellphone|Brazil - Gramado - Rio Grande do SulWas this vendor, I never got the phone as well never answered e-mails, Do not trust the vendor
cellphone|Inside the package was not Celular Commercial invoice, send a picture of it to: inmortaly1990@hotmail.comrequires the purchase invoice to process the shipment please post the purchase invoice
cellphone|Phone is fine, but guess what? I can't get it to sync my yahoo mail, and I've tried reinstalling, choosing POP3 or IMAP, etc. It just won't do it. I called Samsung, and they said you have to call the country where the celll phone was made if you want support. That means Europe on this phone. A $600 phone you can't get support on. Good job, Amazon.
cellphone|I had a motorola atrix, then an Iphone 4S but the Galaxy S III is the best! the camera is great and incredibly fast, the image is like the iphone 4S but bigger (screen 4,8), the syncronization with google is great and i love the widgets. In comparison with the Iphone I can tell you that you need like 2 or 3 clicks less on every action you want to take. The screen is great but is a little bit bigger so i will prefer a phone not so big. Thanks
cellphone|The product is as advertised. I like the way the seller put a small note about how to change the language of the phone from German to English :)The only problem is the Warranty which is really important to me and I expected them to fill out and sign the Warranty card, because without date of purchase and signature of the dealer, the Warranty is not valid (I think so). I couldn't find any way to contact the seller. That's why I finally mentioned the Warranty issue here.Everything else is perfect. The phone seems awesome (for one-day working) and the shipping was fast and on time. I'll update this review after working with the phone for a while.Thanks,Maysam
cellphone|More than expected, great telephone, excelent interface, friendly, little expensive but it pay for it. Size is not a problem when you use the internet.
cellphone|Im having great.time with this phone but one problem galaxy wont work good with soul by ludacris or any other headphones that good. Other than that it is perfect
cellphone|Excelente telefono, procesador super rapido, facil de manejar, gran cantidad de apps dise&ntilde;adas para android entre otras, Lo recomiendo plenamente,Mauricio from Ecuador
cellphone|I'm not going to bore you with the many goodies this phone brings about. I'll just say that I'm pretty satisfied with the product, it is everything it's promised. The interface is fast and intuitive, even if you're not familiar with android devices. The only downside is the the finish on the body does look like plastic and not metallic, like it's shown in the pic and the widget for video player is a tad small for my taste. The device is surprisingly light, tho and it's A LOT easier to handle with both hands. I haven't tried it with any games yet, I have yet to download a couple and see how it works but so far, so good. Recommended!!
cellphone|
cellphone|I love the molding of this phone externally as well as the improvements on features as far as texting, and video. For everything I use this phone with I am greatly pleased. I am curious what "major" improvements are left on phone technology but am looking forward to future Samsung items due to how happy I am with this unit.
cellphone|Great phone love it and got the flip cover for it. Easy to use and is really the hot item out there now when it comes to smart phones.
cellphone|Very fast and smooth, very well designed. I love its big screen. I had a SGSII but SGSIII is better so far it has many features that you will love.
cellphone|Because the reviews on the website, i bought it. but next time, i wont do it again.it acts very slow, even slower than S2, HTC, Moto Razer,iphone.I also have an iphone and HTC, but I got HTC in Asia, which is 5 times faster than S3, but they dont sell here for the 4 core.the only good thing is the pic resolution is better than S2, and battery life is little longer, but more expensive.disappointed.
cellphone|I replaced an ailing Iphone 4 that was two years old for the New Samsung Galaxy S3 and found it to be very disappointing. Though it does many things more than the iphone, the few things that a phone should do, don't compare to the performance of the Iphone. A swiss army knife is a poor substitute for a tool that does a few things well. Despite having a larger screen, I find the clarity and pixle density on the iphone to be better. The porcessor and ram are also better on the Samsung but you wouldn't know it by using them both. I couldn't find an easy way to shut down programs without opening various menus and had horrible battery life because of it. I ultimately just like the structure of the App store and IOS on Apple so much better. I also found that Flash doesn't work on the New Samsung so the only supposed plus over the iphone is false. I really thought that the competition was heating up against Apple but with this newest phone it looks like Apple is still ahead.
cellphone|Sorta Ok for apps, but who mashes a pie plate against an ear to make a phone call? Maybe Apple should make the iPad an iPhone?
cellphone|very bad and slow the lg optimus t is a lot better and cheaper. one drop on carpet and screen cracks
cellphone|I nicely ask them if i can get the product before xxx date and without asking me they canceled my order.What a terrible customer relationship.
cellphone|do i get the phone only or do i get the full box with the battery and everything else? Plus does the samsung vversion of siri really suck?
cellphone|
cellphone|This phone was supposed to be factory unlocked, but is not, i have tried with 3 different simcard and still getting the NO SIM message.
cellphone|First off i only gave it one start because you are not allowed to give it a 0 rating. Which is exactly what is deserves. I hate Apple with a passion for it's canned, forced nearly communistic package. But i should have never have switched from the iPhone to this junk. One grace of the S3 is its screen. Big, crisp, good resolution. That is where the positive ends. Texting - By default you have to turn off 3 'built in' apps just to get it to act like a normal phone. And even after that you still cant stop the 'slide' on most phones if you hit a button that is what the phone takes as the input. On the Galaxy S3 it doesnt take the input until your finger leaves the surface. You can slide all day long and it wont choose a character till you let go. Secondly if you turn the phone horizontally, you cant see any of the previous messages. So if you are replying you wont be able to see what was said before. Calls - Yes it is the 7th used function of a cell phone yet it is probably one of the S3's worst functions. Call clarity is sub-standard, currently my S3 wont answer until someone calls me twice. the first time goes right to voicemail. when i call out half the time it rings once and then disconnects. Verizon Wireless says it has to be some software as the network is operating properly. If you want to use the keypad after a call connects you have it on speaker or use a headset or the phone goes blank (dark) after one key.DO NOT BUY THE GALAXY S3.
cellphone|
cellphone|Really a awesome phone. I'm in love with it. Lot of functions are there, although much of those are not used in daily basis.
cellphone|hello, to use this phone in Latin America must have sim card, they? x x x xx x x x x x x x x xx x x x x x x x x x x x
cellphone|Lost by UPS waiting for another one sent by dealer. Retailer should atomatically send another one when one is lost by the carrier.
cellphone|I have had many many other smart phones but this is so smooth and awesome phone yet. I am not a iphone user and never will. I have downloaded over 34 apps from the google play store and for free. I have downloaded over 15 apps/games for my son to play on and for free. Don't know why anyone would buy anything else. Also, I downloaded the AVG antivirus app and WOW, it updates and scans everyday. Only once my son did something and it was stuck but very easy, I went to task manager and click to cancel that app and it was fixed. That easy. THE BEST PHONE EVER. Thanks Samsung. Please keep up the good work.
cellphone|De la tecnolog&iacute;a moderna.Muy lindo, barato y llega a tiempo. buena empresa vendedora, sigan adelante, ofeciendo productos de calidad, a buen precio y cumpliendo con los tiempos
cellphone|I broke My Droid Razr Maxx - So I figured I would replace it with the Samsung Galaxy S3.Loved the phone, hated the battery life.What I loved about the phone: Best user interface, software, performance, cell reception, display, light weight, replaceable battery, flap cover back (option). I just really liked it and wanted to keep it.However, I couldn't keep it. What I didnt like: The battery was only lasting about 4 hours of regular use - where same use I was getting 15-20 from Droid Razr Maxx. Yes, I checked the apps, yes I installed managers, yest I checked syncing and GPS and wifi, etc. Configured with even less functionality than Razr Maxx. And I hadnt even installed most apps yet (Soundhound, Cardscan, etc) .Alas, keeping it plugged in all day is not an option for me - so I returned it to Verizon for the Droid Razr Maxx HD. I like everything about that phone, but cell reception is one bar less than regular Droid Razr Maxx.
cellphone|The phone could almost make coffee in the morning. After updating firmware to lattest version its even better. Only issue is that the usb cord which is also used to charge the phone does not fit very well so when plugging to it sometimes losses connection. Had to put a book on top of it so it would keep the weight and does not release the usb. I might buy a docking cradle for this.
cellphone|I was wondering if you can use this phone for T-Mobile prepaid company , because it doesnt say that on the title so i would like to know
cellphone|Producto lleg&oacute; s tiempo y en buenas condiciones y si lo pudee ocupar en mi pa&iacute;s lo que quiere decir que si esta desbloqueado para utilizarlo con cualquier opersdoforavde telefon&iacute;a en cualquier pa&iacute;s
cellphone|excelente equipo l&aacute;stima que en mi pa&iacute;s aun no funciona 4g (VENEZUELA), es tan potente como dicen, muy superior s la competencia iPhone 5
cellphone|I'm a previous iphone user but I just fell in love with this cel phone. The quality of the graphics is just amazing.The only drawback is that it is a little too big. I'm a girl, so I just put it in my purse and the problem is solved, but for a guy I must admit that it can be tricky to put it in one's pocket. Also, for those living in south america, let me tell you it works perfectly with Claro, although you may need to buy a micro SIM card if you don't already own one.
cellphone|I love the performance, and the functionality. Got the phone for four days, played with it everyday and the phone got dropped from above waist level. The screen protector is still applied to the screen so you can't really see an inside crack..the glass is fine but i can see two short lines on the screen. I can no longer use the phone since the lcd is broken. I was telling myself that i have got to get a case for this phone asap before it got dropped since the quality is so cheaply made... unluckily, it got dropped and now i am screwed :(. Good lucky people, protect this phone while you can!
cellphone|Always love the iPhone but since I have bought the Samsung galaxy s3 I realize that I love love love it. Great phone with great features and apps for a great price. It's value for money. I recommend it to everyone.
cellphone|This phone is amazing. The screen is crystal-clear, the connections are ultra-fast, and the camera is better than my real camera. The operating system works smoothly. The battery life is long. Best phone/mini-computer ever.
cellphone|I liked my iPhone and used it heavily, but was attracted to some of the S3 and Android features. The phone is fantastic. It has a beautiful screen, quick processor, fantastic bells and whistles, and it is easy to use. I plan to buy my wife one when her contract is up. Bravo Samsung. It is nice to see what competition with Apple produced.
cellphone|it was t-mobile based but the dealer paid for the unlocking code. the galaxi is great. the screen, the apps, everything.
cellphone|Received the phone fast and without trouble. It was in mint condition and booted up perfected. Have now used it for around a month on a daily basis and it has not let me down in any way yet. Would definitely recommend this to others in search of a phone and place to buy. My only grievance was that the charger that came with the phone was with the European socket and that the adapter (nice gesture) that was there did not work. Fortunately my old phone was an Android as well and so the phone could still be charged. But since this was an "extra", it does not change how I feel about the phone.
cellphone|tiempo de respuesta mejor no puede ser, siempre compro los telefonos en esta tienda los recomiendo 100%, compren aqui con garantia
cellphone|Wow! This is complicated for a person who isn't up to date with technical qualifications. I love my Galaxy and continue to fumble my way through. I've been taking lots of pictures it. Handy not to carry a separate camera around. I wonder how to work the voice command?? The size of the screen is really nice and it's easy to use the keyboard. I have now set up my weather station for different areas and also have my e-mail coming in. I did set up with T-Mobile as the phone instructed me.
cellphone|Omg I love this phone. I had a HTC hero forever and it sucked so bad . I wish I could have broke it and got replaced with a newer one. But it did Brake once but they gave the same. I wait for this phone for a long time. It was well worth it. The battery life is great . Last me all day. I work at 7 am and its still going until 12 at night. I live all the features it has to offer..the only thing the screen scratched within the fIrst week. It's my fault for having it my pocket with my keys. I do getting a screen protector immediately after purchase.
cellphone|This truly is a great device, but sadly I've received one that has the cellular problem.When making incoming or outgoing calls the phone will connect, but no sound is heard on either end. And if left connected for about 10 seconds the call will drop and I will loose connection from the cellular network for a min.I've searched high and low for a solution.. I've tried god knows how many different roms.. I've changed basebands.. factory reset, but no avail... the problem persists.Im certain that it's a hardware problem because if you tap the back of the phone you can sometimes hear the audio cutting in and out.From what I've read online the only solution is to send it back to Samsung, and apparently they change the motherboard... but thats a bit difficult in my situation as I live in the Cayman islands.Other than that pesky problem I love my s3.
cellphone|compre el telefono samsumg S3, desbloqueado y no esta desbloqueado y necesito el c&oacute;digo de desbloqueo para poder usarlo aqui en venezuela con la telefonia movistar
cellphone|The phone software locks up all the time. You'd think they would have taken the time to actually design programs to shut off when not in use-I have to go into the task manager all the time to shut down programs, sometimes programs i never selected to run, have been running. There is always 8 programs running, that i have not selected, just to maintain the life of the battery. Don't kid yourself with Juice Defender either. It doesn't work. Battery life? Approximately 6 hours if you are lucky.
cellphone|I was using this phone around 10 months after that the phone started to freezing.. can somebody tell how to claim the warranty.?
cellphone|About a month after purchasing the phone I knocked it off of my coffee table onto a hardwood floor and the screen cracked. This was an 18" drop onto wood and the screen broke.I've seen some of the cheaper repairs for the phone where just the glass is replaced and the end result isn't very good, the screen looks cloudy afterwards. Someone I work with had this done.The screen replacement, that Samsung performs, looks to be about $300, might as well just purchase a sturdier phone (any phone other than the S3) so that I'm not going through this in another month.The phone is also a little big for jean pockets.On the plus side, the phone is very responsive, takes good pictures, and has a very nice screen (until it breaks).
cellphone|I was looking for a good cell phone and I ended with a perfect one!No complaints at all.Perfect size, processor, memory and performance.
cellphone|Thank I really loved it, and the price was worth it. Great image quality and sound also.I am happy that I've bought it
cellphone|Best Smartphone,1- Large crisp clear bright screen.2- Great Camera with LED and front facing camera. Image Quality is superb.3- Sound and voice are very good.4- Wifi, GPS and Bluetooth work fine.5- Fast, No freezes so far. Smooth flow,6- Battery could last 1-2 days with mild use in battery saving mode, charges fast.7- Great Android OS and Google Market.8- Large Memory. Upgradable with card.9- Uses Mini Sim Card and not the standard one!.10- Responsive screen.11- Little bigger than I like but still very thin and light.
cellphone|I am a apple fan used iPhone for a very long Time. The galaxy s3 phone fit my vonvenience and I do not miss the iPhone for even a second and at great price
cellphone|My phone works perfect with the local carrier, I have had no issues with it, I'm incredibly happy with my purchase.
cellphone|After 10 month using this product it Dead suddenly -cause by 16G flash controller bug!! .this bug was fixed on 4.1.2 Jellybeansbut I was not having the opportunity to test that (Use 4.1.1 Jellybean).I ask the Dealer / Samsung costumer service for Help - no comments!!Switching to other manufacturing &#8230;..NO more Samsung
cellphone|Todo excelente con el producto enviado. muchas gracias el envio fue perfecto. llego de muy buena manera al pais. ok
cellphone|The phone is everything I expected and more, arrived within stated time. It was my birthday gift and I am really pleased so far.
cellphone|The best phone I ever had. The best phone in the world! I hate the I-phone! !! You must to buy this product!
cellphone|The galaxy s III is without a doubt the best phone you can get. It wins over the competition in any measurable aspect.
cellphone|First, I'm sorry to say that amazon held back this review, as they somehow misunderstood and only thought that this is about the company. However, how the company operates affects the product, hence this is a review of the product and the problems I have with it.This review was originally posted 10.02.12.Review Title: NOT FACTORY UNLOCKED"The phone is unlocked, but ironically enough, it is not factory unlocked, although this is the only thing they chose to write in capital letters. When I turn on my phone I see the logo "Yes! Optus!", an Australian phone company[...] and this is also the case when I turn the phone off. I haven't fully explored this phone yet, but as this is signs of the phone not being completely wiped down and ready for unlocked use. I'm expecting problems down the way and when I do, I'll try to update this review. The price was a bit lower then everywhere else, so I was a bit suspicious. Received the phone in due time, so no troubles with shipment.UPDATE 02.28.13Since I chose to write a negative review of the company as well, I've was contacted by them. Their offers have been $40-$60 dollar gift card on amazon, and when i proposed that I deliver my phone to someone that could break it free or contacted yes optus, and have them do it on hasslefreecells bill, they did not respond to me.The logo itself is a minor issue. The main problem is that the phone is extremely slow. I've compared to my friends and the time it takes to access contact is around 2-3 seconds longer on my phone, although we have about the same number of contacts. This goes for any action on the phone. It might not sound as that much, but this is supposed feel like a great phone, not a slow old computer, that little by little waste away your time. Another issues is that is has aps from optus that keeps reinstalling themselves every time I get an update for my phone operative system. Some of them cannot be deleted.I've read some of the other reviews, which are quite positive. This only means that some of the jail-breakers they have know their job. However the phones are def. not factory unlocked and to pay 654.35 USD (this is what I paid) for jail-breaked SGS3, where some of them is really poorly jail-breaked, is an outrage! You might as well buy a locked one for next to nothing and then have someone else jail-break it, if that is what you wanted. That would have been one third of this price and it would be done properly.Do Not Buy this phone or any product from Hasslefreecell, they are not to be trusted.
cellphone|Good morning, the phone great, filled my expectations, but the charger came with the European terminal. not the U.S., to charge the phone I had to buy a power adapter European to American system. It is unfortunate.
cellphone|The Samsung Galaxy S3 is a horribly made phone. After the second week of owning this phone the screen shattered after falling on my carpet matt floor. A couple months later the phone would not hold a charge more than and hour. I had to buy a new charger because the one that came with the phone stopped working. Last week the phone stopped charging completely. After reading many reviews about the phone needing the charging port replaced by THOUSANDS of different owners of this phone I contacted customer service. Since the screen shattered they would not replace the charging port even though it is obviously a manufacturing error. This company is horrible a phone purchased at $500 they will not even repair. Horrible product cheaply made horrible customer service not willing to admit fault with their own product even though it is well documented all over the internet.
cellphone|Excelente entrega a tiempo mercanc&iacute;a en buen estado era lo q yo esperaba y m&aacute;s tal cual ofrece en la publicaci&oacute;n lo recomiendo totalmente
cellphone|Se reinicia solo el telefono y no lo cubre la garantia de este comercio. . . . . .. . . . . . . . . .
cellphone|Excelent!...this Company was very professional and the product was in excelent conditions...we received it on time and everything was OK...
cellphone|EL producto llego al timepo estimado, sin ningu problema, nuevo y con los sellos de nuevo, que garantiza lo original del producto
cellphone|I love my s3 it got to me on time and it wss at a great price just wish I could have gotten the 32gig version, also my one complaint is that the charger was the uk jack. But other than that I love it
cellphone|This is a very good Phone with lots of features and is the top notch in terms of technology and usefool tools.
cellphone|Muy buen producto, es un tel&eacute;fono muy completo, f&aacute;cil manejo y bonito dise&ntilde;o, definitivamente cumple con mis expectativas, lo recomiendo.
cellphone|This is an awesome Cell phone. It was delivered on time. The box was sealed properly. I hope i can buy the samsung galaxy S iv very soon...
cellphone|I got this phone 3 months ago and now I can say it's the best smartphone I ever got! My wife has i-phone 5 and it is also great but believe me hers is nothing comparing to mine ... The battery is one thing Note 2 is preferable over the i-5 for example. I'd recommend it strongly for those who don't know which one to get!
cellphone|Excellent phone, great performance and quality of the materials. I haven't got any problem with it and it's been 6 months that i have it.
cellphone|The best quality smartphone. incredible functionality and unbeatable operating system. I highly recommend if you want quality products for communication and distraction. unsurpassed quality.
cellphone|good morningThe product this one good and in perfect conditionsAdo that refer says goodbye of youJose Diaz
cellphone|Great phone, but isn't compatible with my mobile cell phone provider, Verizon. I Hate returning s***! Please include these details in description.
cellphone|My Samsung Galaxy S3 got rebooted and stuck on the boot screen "Samsung galaxy S III GT-I9300". Bought only on June 6, 2012. Just used two months.Gave it to the service center and they told my whole data on the phone will be lost. I don't have any backup also. Didn't expect this to become faulty so soon.The problem was with phone's board and I got it fixed by replacing the board after 2 daysI used iphone4s and blackberry previously but never had any issue. First time on android and Samsung Galaxy and gave me very bad experience.Shame on Samsung for poor build quality!! I will think twice to buy another Galaxy smartphone.
cellphone|Never again will I try to save a few bucks and switch from my iPhone. Samsung makes great TVs... they should stick to that. AVOID this phone. Too many reasons to list. Buyer Beware!
cellphone|This phone is a disappointment. Despite the hype about Gorilla Glass 2.0, the display is the easily most fragile I have ever seen on a cell phone (this by itself justifies one star). The battery lasts barely 10 hours under light use. S-voice is essentially useless - it takes three times as long to get it to do anything useful than does Google Voice Search. Samsung support is poor and unresponsive.
cellphone|very surprised by the poor service from this seller and Amazon, we buy this cellphone and a month of using the phone stopped charging, I wrote to the supplier and Amazon to apply the guarantee but referred me to contact Samsung, Samsung told me they apply the warranty only to phones purchased in her page directly. It was very disappoinedbecause anyone fix me the problem and I paid for a very expensive phone.
cellphone|I had a very bad experience with trying two different Samsung Galaxy S3 phones. Each phone worked very well for the first 24 hours or so.However, thereafter the phone froze on me. Despite multiple attempts to reboot the phone by turning the phone off (if I could) or taking the battery out, the phone would either not even reboot correctly or soon after it did, would freeze.Since it happened on two consecutive models, the retailer that I purchased it from, thought there may have been a problem with the apps that I tried to place on the phone. I had the same set of apps on my Samsung Fascinate which I have been fairly pleased with until I started to run into a marked reduction in battery life about 2-3 months ago.I wasted about 8 hours of my time trying to make this phone work for me. It was a very frustrating experience. I will probably now buy an iPhone despite the fact that the Samsung Galaxy S3 would have been my third generation of Samsung smartphone.I continue to read the positive reviews of others, but I did not have a good experience with this phone.
cellphone|The screen is not bright enough in a sunny day. Cannot see anything even at full brightness.Too big for my pocket, it almost bends when i sit.Battery life is horrible.If i get sweat touch wont work. After a full dry I have to restart phone.Phone gets too hot while talkibg or charging or playing anything.
cellphone|Working in technology gave me the opportunity to use this first hand along with the Apple iPhone 5. Hands down the iPhone's workmanship blows this shoddy device out of the water. After using it extensively for 2 weeks the S3 started making a creaking noise if squeezed too tightly...If this phone was half the price of an iPhone I would say it might be a good candidate however since they are almost the same cost, the S3 is too cheap looking for the price you pay. Not to mention the constant crashing and low battery life as reported by several users.
cellphone|I bought this phone from Wire4less since it had good reviews: Samsung Galaxy S III/S3 GT-I9300 Factory Unlocked Phone - International Version (Pebble Blue)Phone was delivered on time and it is great but is not prepared to resist a simple fall when you fail to put it in your pocket.I got it on Tuesday and 2 days after i dropped it when putting it back in my pocket. A 3 feet fall (tops) was enough to get the plastic that covers the lens of the main camera (rear) completely smashed making the camera useless given the lens sees through a smashed plastic now. I can't believe a U$S 700 phone can take a simple fall so I want to think my unit is faulty and not built properly. I was obviously looking for a case for this phone but couldn't find one in any store so far. I just saw the flip case now in amazon but is too late.I contacted the seller to get an answer on this and they don't want to replace it or refund me given Samsung is not going to cover it. Given it is an international version, Samsung US is not doing a thing and just tell me to contact Amazon customer service or go to a carrier store and ask there.I looked for rear camera replacement online and i could only find it in ebay UK for about U$K 40.If you ask me, this is a great phone, great camera, screen and features but it is just inacceptable to have such a fragile thing. Please take this into account before you decide to buy it and, of course, get a case with it from the very beginning.I HOPE WIRE4LESS, AMAZON OR SAMSUNG DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS.
cellphone|i have owned a verizon galaxy s3 for about a month now and after having it for only 2-3 weeks I was sitting on the couch with phone in pocket and pulled phone out of pocket and the display was shattered. no pressure placed on screen and didnt drop it . verizon and samsung both say i have to pay to have it fixed. this is ridiculous. I previously owned a droid x with no problems with glass now after only a few weeks I have to deal with a broken display. This is totally unacceptable and this problem needs to be fixed. go ahead and google broken display galaxy s3 and you will find alot. I know its just glass but alot of them that you'll find shouldn't have broke
cellphone|So I've had this phone for about 4 months now. It is the first smart phone I have had, I haven't even figured out how to do the touch sharing thing that they advertise the phone with. It's a pretty awesome phone but it does have some problemsFirst off, the screen freezes. It doesn't happen very often, maybe once a month since I've owned it. I don't know if that is something that happens with all smart phones, but apparently, it needs to be restarted every once in awhile. It doesn't seem to make a difference if I have the phone off for a few hours every day, since I turn it off while I'm at work or in class. I've talked to other s3 owners and the same thing happens to them as well.I don't know if this is the phone or the provider (T-Mobile) but sometimes my phone won't receive service. This happens more often than the screen freezing, restarting the device seems to fix this problem as well-which leads me to believe that it's more the phone than the provider. This one annoys me more than the screen freezing because I've missed several important calls due to this problem. Technology is making it possible to do all kinds of amazing things, but we shouldn't be moving backwards. A phone should still have the ability to make and receive phone calls.They break REALLY easy. Mine hasn't broken but I have a cover and screen protector on it. I have two friends with s3s that they were using without covers and both of them have cracked the screen. One of them cracked while it was in my friend's pocket. He doesn't know how it happened. So if you're going to buy this phone, I strongly recommend a cover and screen protector.Overall, I like the phone and what it is capable of doing but with that kind of drawbacks, I think I'd rather go back to having a simple phone.
cellphone|I bought this phone and paid for one day shipping. Took a week to show up. took this phone to my wireless provider and was told it was not supported by their system and was told only ATT was compatible. went home and started searching on the net and most reviews I found said it was not very compatible with ATT so returned phone
cellphone|So faster and confortable i bought it and in two weeks i recived it, work vert good and so easy to use
cellphone|el telefono llego en excelentes condiciones y em el tiempo esperado... muy buen servicio............ ... ... .. .. .. ..
cellphone|facil entrega muy responsables a la hora del envio.excelente producto.muy buena calidad.buen precio y seguridad en el estado en que llego el producto
cellphone|It seems that everybody is pretty ecstatic with this phone, and indeed it looks great on a picture. However, if you put it next to an HTC One X or iPhone 5 in real life you will immediately notice the underwhelming build quality and the less-than-satisfactory UI.As far as hardware goes, battery capacity, etc. the phone may currently be a great contender for the No 1 spot, but Samsung have really dropped the ball with regards to its design and the quality of materials used. Unless you are a great lover of plastic (albeit shiny) it is difficult to fall in love with Galaxy S III.HTC One X has a short battery life and iPhone 5 costs an arm and a leg in Europe (not to mention Apple's control-freak approach to its customers), but Samsung is not cheap either, and it is difficult to spend that kind of money on an item you do not truly like.
cellphone|excelente vendedor todo se realizo como lo describe y el producto excelente este vendedor lo recomiendo los envio son rapidos y seguro
cellphone|hi i just went to the tmobile retail store to see if this phone will work with tmobile 4g or LTE but they told me it only works on edge is there any possible to make it work 4g or LTE??and i also talk to call representative they said it can possibly work. whoever got this to work can you please help me??thanks =)
cellphone|Seriously. I've gone through two of these phones now. Last night while it was sitting in my pocket it cracked again. This phone might be fine in the delicate hands of a woman, but for a ham-fisted man like myself (and most men), it's a joke. A toy. It's too bad because otherwise the phone rocks with the exception of poor Bluetooth performance -- way worse than my Epic 4G. I'm off to get a Razr.
cellphone|The top of android smart phones, not an astounding Apple device but like PC does the work excellent and interfacing with all, recommended!!!
cellphone|Like: it has an awesome screen, lots of apps, widgets.Dislike: I was an iphone user for a few years and I miss how easy it was to have everything in sync with my mac and ipad. However, there are tons of apps out there that make the trick.This smartphone is great for anyone who is willing to invest a few hours configuring it. Once you do that is perfect.
cellphone|Just bought this cellphone. The screen is enlarged. I love the high resolution display. The os provide smooth customer experience.
cellphone|I've been (and still am) a Mac person but I everything I heard about Android made me try it. I used a BlackBerry for years and, at times, I miss it. The Galaxy 3 is a great phone, among many other things; too many for me. But I'm learning. The only thing that sometimes annoys me is that it decides to do things spontaneously. Editing and erasing stuff is not obvious, although there is vast amount of support on the web. I'm enjoying it.
cellphone|I bought 3 of this Smartphone, for my family.2 of them are excellent one of them stop working after 1 month of use.Thanks to the Amazon costumer service I got my money back, after I sent it back.I rated it only 4 srars becust of this.
cellphone|it is simply amazing, great design, lightweight, very thin, ultra fast, longer battery life compared to others, SD slot, NFC, quad core, HD display. The gestures control from samsung gives you a better control and interface over other androids an iOS phones. Those kind of little details give the real meaning of smartphone. It may be expensive, but I worth it.
cellphone|I am really loving this phone. The only complaint that I have on this phone, is that you have to have a Samsung printer if you want to print anything from this phone!! I highly recommend this phone!
cellphone|&#34;Excellent phone. As described was Factory unlocked & the international version. I'm using it in South American without a problem. After setting up the phone and as soon I put the sim card was making phone calls and receiving emails. &#34;
cellphone|Realmente recomendable, hace 2 a&ntilde;os compr&eacute; el Galaxy S (I9000) y me saltee la versi&oacute;n S2, hoy en d&iacute;a tuve la oportunidad de hacer el salto a la versi&oacute;n I9300 y estoy realmente conforme. El env&iacute;o se hizo en tiempo y forma.
cellphone|Does everything as advertized.Couple of things for the people that wants an easy-to-use phone. This one has many menus and you need to customize a lot of things to have it the way you want it. If you don't mind expending some time to get this done then pick this phone. Otherwise if you like a a phone that has less things to do and almost ready to use out-of-the-box then you need to look at another option.There is no high quality headphones with mic and remote control yet that work with this phone. That is a thing to consider if you are seeking for a good music sound. The OEM headphones are OK but not great.The performance is great, a all those widgets that you can get make it something to play a lot with. Just love that.
cellphone|Everybody enjoys upgrading their phone or we wouldn't upgrade, would we? Of all my phone upgrades, this one is my favorite - from galaxy s2 to Samsung Galaxy S III/S3 GT-I9300 Factory Unlocked Phone - International Version (Pebble Blue).There is a huge improvement in wait time at boot up and that includes comparison with other phones that don't have carrier software/bloatware. Overall, my expectations have been more than exceeded in the areas of:speedresponsegorgeous screen giving better google navigation experience as well as movies, etc.better size and shapefeels more durable and less like plasticimproved intuitivenessI let google and amazon backups restore/install to my new phone and everything was seamless except for one thing. Where oh where did the microphone key go on the keyboard? I love to dictate just about everything! oh no! It took me 30 minutes to find the answer. Hold down the settings key, until you see the microphone key. Select the microphone key and now the microphone key is where it is supposed to be on the keyboard and one must remember that if you want to change keyboard settings, you must hold down the microphone key until you see the settings icon key to select.This phone requires a micro SIM and I let a friend with a micro SIM cutter cut it rather than following the YouTube videos on how to cut yours with a knife or scissors. The micro SIM cutter looks like a hold bunch and really makes sure everything goes well. Amazon sells them as well Noosy [2nd Generation] Micro SIM Cutter, with 2 SIM adapters (Color: Black or Silver) and/or iCoolkit New iPhone Nano SIM Card to Micro /Stander/ full SIM card Tray Adapter Holder which I think is well worth the money if you don't have a friend that already purchased one.I just adore how I can customize and optimize phone to my usage and preferences.With all my other upgrades, I have held the phone and asked myself "is this worth the $$$ to upgrade to this phone?" and after careful consideration I decide yes but just barely. This upgrade, I immediately whole-heartedlly respond "best $500 I've spent in some time!"woweee!
cellphone|You people have no lives...and probably work for Apple. Seriously one stars for the S3? Right. It is way worse than any phone you have ever owned....and it is just aweful. This phone is awesome....flat out. Please, do us all a favor and go buy an iphone. Congrats!
cellphone|I have been a huge fan of Android phones for some time now and I recently upgraded from a Samsung Nexus S to a Galaxy S3.I absolutely love the S3. It is almost the perfect phone. I just worry about the screen breaking as I have heard it is quite fragile.I purchased a screen protector that fits very well and makes the glass scratch proof.Great job Samsung
cellphone|The phone, with the European version, arrived as planned. Sadly, during the use, it fell and the supposedly indestructible gorilla glass screen cracked completely. Also, it's very slippery to grab on the hand.Bottom line, I recommend to stick to SGS2
cellphone|Ordered the phone on Friday and it arrived on Monday. I had to wait until Wednesday for the mini to micro SIM cutter to arrive before I was able to use the phone on T-mobile network. I have purchased Apple phones since iPhone 3G was introduced but changed to Samsung Android phone last year. I have purchased both Palm products and various Windows mobile variants prior to Apple OS. I have purchased at least one, sometimes 2 phones every year since the early 90's both in USA and Japan. I have purchased 8 smart phones since 2006. This is the first time purchasing a mobile phone from Amazon.Pros:I agree with most of the posted positive reviews so I will not repeat the great features of this phone.Cons:1. Data speed on T-mobile network is EDGE, same speed as iPhone 2G (2.5G technology; 200 kbps download and 100 kbps upload). If I use Samsung phones sold in USA by T-mobile I can get >8 mbps download and >1 mbps upload at same locations.2. Gorilla Glass 2 easily cracks. I have multiple cracks across the entire screen after dropping the phone from approximately 3 feet, less than a week old. Touch screen and LCD is working fine but I must deal with very visible cracks. Unfortunately the glass is fused to the display, and the display to the Galaxy S III's frame. I must purchase the entire display module including the glass, LCD, backlight, touch screen and the metal frame. The cost of this module is $300 plus shipping. I have dropped my previous phones many times (iPhones and smaller size Samsung phone) and never damaged the screen in the past. I may consider paying $7-$11 per month for insurance even with a $200 deductible for my next phone. I will most likely purchase a new phone from Amazon with a contract (Less than $150) and use my international unlocked phone with many cracks when I travel outside USA.3. Japanese language support still requires loading an application. Apple OS supported Japanese and other languages since its introduction. Single button in all applications to change language. I noticed Korean language is supported with Samsung keyboard.
cellphone|There is a known HW problem with this phone. It can result in Sudden Death. The phone will die and not restart. Mine worked for 6 months......Because this is an international version, Samsung USA will not support you and point you to Samsung UK. They in turn will also not support you because the phone is not an EU phone. So you are left in limbo. I have been trying to get a straight answer from Samsung for weeks, no one knows where to service the phone. Samsung's support model is abominable. No one takes ownership or responds.So be forewarned in buying Samsung products, support is BAD
cellphone|No matter what you read, or what anyone tells you, the screen on this phone is absolutely terrible.I mean its a total lie. It scratches, cracks, and shatters extremely easily. They advertise this as gorilla glass, but no way.Get a case from the get go, and you will be fine, but you shouldnt have to worry about a phone like that.The actual phone besides the screen is ok, nothing insanely great but it works fine. Some bloatware and such, but still a nice device when its working.
cellphone|This is probably the worst phone I have ever owned. It's a combination of the unintuitive android and the horrible battery. It's really not worth it unless you don't need to use the phone after 5pm. That's when it will die on you. Even though you've only used it for a few phone calls and a few text messages. Very poor power management. The os is not very smart, basic options are hidden underneath multiple levels of menus. And good luck doing anything fast on it.. Bottom line its a piece of crap. I hate to say it but stick with iOS or windows. It'll make your life easier.
cellphone|Hello,I purchased a supposedly unlocked samsung galaxy 3 and now have found out that it can NOT be used due to the new AT&T & T-Mobile rules. Please email me to resolve this issue.
cellphone|justamente lo que esperaba, el articulo llego tal cual lo describ&iacute;an en la publicaci&oacute;n, lo recomiendo 100%, es una empresa responsable
cellphone|They ship the phone as if you bought it out the store. Hate the fact that when you buy it unlocked none of the guides (on paper) are in english. The phone itself is awesome works great I love it! NICE JOB
cellphone|I got this phone in September. I had a blackberry with the raised keyboard but thought it was time to upgrade. I use my blackberry for everything. My to do lists, memos, calendar, contacts-personal and my business contacts and some pictures. The only thing I have been able to transfer over were my contacts-which are now copied twice and my pictures. All my calendar info did not copy over. I went on line with the goggle calendar & wasn't able to sync my outlook calendar that was perfectly on my blackberry & desk top. I have tried 3 times. My calendar included my yearly to do list, birthdays, household maintance tasks -like recycling. My memo list had wines I liked, books I want to read, books I read, business ideas, info on clients. The verizon store person told me I have to re-enter the info by hand. Someone else told me to try Radio shack & they might be able to transfer the info... I just need to find the time. The picture quality is good but I have 2 great cameras so I really don't care about the camera. The size is much bigger that the balck berry and I realize I prefer the smaller lighter black berry. Also the key pad had the automatic speller- it took me one week to decide to change that setting to off. I do NOT like the touch key pad, I spend more time retyping the entire sentence in order to correct one letter of a mispelled word. I can't get the cursor to go in the position I want. I had someone tell me this phone can open my garage door-that's what I have a garage door opener for. Just give me back my calender and memo's that made my life run smoother. I am seriously considering getting a different phone. For me it doesn't match my needs. So my advice to others is think about your needs before purchasing this phone. Ask what transfers over at the store where you buy it.
cellphone|Es el mejor celular en la historia!!!!! Muy rapido y exelente hardware y android lo mejor por supuesto. Samsung rompe record el mejor celular.
cellphone|
cellphone|S3 is a very advanced mobile phone. i bought from wire4less, the only thing im not quite satisfied is there is the boe wasnt sealed, which makes me think it might a second hand or returned item.
cellphone|I loved this phone initially, but within 3 weeks the phone stopped working. Now it won't turn on or charge. I have to send back to Hong Kong for repair. Be careful of unlocked phones.
cellphone|I am not happy with this phone I bought from this company, I have problems with the settings, I am not able to setup my phone the way I want...
cellphone|This phone is great. However, this international version is not compatible with AT&T's (or any) LTE network. The reason for it is that the quad core processor of the inten'l version doesn't support LTE. The US version was changed with a dual core Snapdragon 1.5 ghz processor so the phone would work with LTE speeds.
cellphone|I got this phone (not from Amazon but directly from Verizon) and I just thought it would be fair to warn people that its a glorified iPhone. I have had it a month and I got it as my eligible upgrade became aviable.Pros:1 Camera is awesome.Cons.1 If you are used to a keyboard the texting sucks. The autocorrect must be in a different language because it changes words to ones I have never heard of before.2 Cannot send video files of any size unless you reformat them (and they look horrible)3 The worst thing about the phone is the Verizon 4G service. Sure, 4G is good when it works, but when it doesn't (which is still more than half the country), you wont be able to use the internet or send email. Verizon told me "this will change as 4G technology develops." WTF??!Everything special about this phone (except the camera) my Droid 2 had. And that phone actually worked better.
cellphone|I bought this item for my mother who is now in late 50s. She wanted a smartphone so I got her something that had a good review with reasonable price and big screen size for her bad sight. As I was using it, it was very complicated since access to the setting was not so friendly. For Android, you do not have access to most of the applications through device's setting, but you have to go to its own setting to control it. Also, for this device, you have to touch-and-drag to open the phone. To parents like mine have little knowledge or sense for that. It took her 3 days to figure out. Now she thinks you have to touch-and-drag all the applications to open it. She will take a long time to get used to this phone.Maybe this phone is for more young, new generation who know how to use touch screen properly. Do not recommend it for parents if you are merely getting it for the size of its screen. Yes, for me, i think it's pretty decent device to use where you can do so many things.
cellphone|This is not a smart phone is the smart phone. I am sure that this review will only add to the countless positive review this phone already had.
cellphone|DO NOT BUY ANY SAMSUNG PRODUCTS.Their customer service is one of the worst in the US.They do not stand behind their products and when you ask to speak with a supervisor, they casually offer to put you on the wait list for someone to get back to you within a few days.I was planning on buying a whole range of Samsung products, but my last experience with them alerted me to look to their more accommodating competition.FredSamsung : RFG237AARS 23 cu. ft. Counter-Depth French Door Refrigerator - Real StainlessSamsung Galaxy S III Mini I8190 8GB Unlocked GSM Phone with Android 4.1 OS, Dual Core, Super AMOLED Touchscreen, 5MP CamSamsung PN51E490 51-Inch 720p 600Hz 3D Plasma HDTV (Black)4.3 cu. ft. Front Load Washer with PowerFoam Technology Steam VRT Plus and Super Capacity White
cellphone|Everywhere I looked people were carrying or using the new Samsung Galaxy S III phone, so when I went looking for a new smart phone I picked this one for me. While the phone is stylish and filled with lots of new technology, my experience was disappointing to say the least. The phone was unconfortable to hold for longer phone calls, too thin along the edges to grip comfortably for me. The screen was beautiful, put in spite of contantly killing tasks and shutting off wireless, bluetooth and GPS the battery would drain extremely fast. I was constanly looking for the charger to plug it back in to top the battery off. Just seemed to be too energy hungry. Then to top it off it kept locking up and after repeated trips to the cellphone carrier, rebooting it, reactivating it and resetting it to start over from scatch again - 15 minutes later it was locked up once again. Finally the store ran a diagnostic test and decided to give me another phone to try. Connectivity on this one seemed to be a bit sub par for both the network and for wireless, maybe it was just my bad luck, but I gave up and got a Motorola Razr Maxx. So far I have been very pleased for all things that smart phones are supposed to be able to do. The battery life too of this phone is phenominal compared to the Samsung Galaxy S III doing the same things that were draining the Samsung right down. It is a bit bulkier, but I like the feel, it feels sturdier and with the thicker edge it is easier to hold even though it is a bit heavier with the more powerful battery onboard. Maybe the looks are not as sleek, but I do not feel like it is going to slip out of my hand as easlily either. Yes the picture quality is not the same, but if I want to watch HD movies I am not the type to do so on my cellphone either, when there are so many other choices that are so much better than any cellphone.
cellphone|hi, i have a simple question?Wich version is this mobile you are offering?1.5 or 1.4?? Dual- core? or Quad-core??ARE YOU SURE? BECAUSE IN THE DESCRIPTIONS IT SAYS THAT IS A DUALCORE, AND I NEED A QUAD CORE BECAUSE I'LL MOVE TO LATIN AMERICA, THANKS
cellphone|I purchased two of these brand new from a t-mobile vender for retail price. Very poor decision. Both phones freeze, turn off, kick you out of programs, open random programs, internet freezes in a white screen, speaker eco, etc. I have replaced both phones twice now! They are faulty phones t-mobile will only reboot it several times until they send out a replacement. I would stay clear of this phone and t-mobile service.
cellphone|The phone seems to be great.....but I have not been able to obtain a micro sims card for my factory unlocked Samsung Galaxy S 111, since purchasing. My intentions in paying full price for the phone was to cancel my current cell phone provider, going to a straight talk plan. Cutting my monthly payment in half made the expense worth it. At this time, all I did was get a phone I can not use to get onto a straight talk plan. I need a micro sims card and phone service for the Adirondacks area code 12032 for unlimited talk, unlimited text and unlimited data if anyone can help me please!!!
cellphone|The GIII was interesting to explore, but ultimately was of little practical use given its quirks and Android bugs! So I returned it and got an iPhone 5 from the same IP. JACKPOT! This is the phone the GIII should have been.
cellphone|ok.. . ..... ... ... ... .. .... ... .. .... .. ..... .... ..... .... . ... ... ..ok
cellphone|I bought this unlocked phone while overseas. I loved it at first. I'm a diehard BB fan. I've been using BB ever since it came out back in the days. I wanted a change and I chose the S 3. I've had it for a month now. But a week ago it started to charge slowly, I mean vey slowly approx. 3-4 hrs for a full charge. I was ok with that but couple of days later it started to take more time for a full charge 6-7 hrs from 15%. Now that is not ok because lets be honest who has that much time to keep the phone on charger. I also noticed that the phone sometimes get stuck at specific % for an hour or more. I looked up the issue on the web and apparently I wasn't the only person complaining about this problem. So many people are having the same issue with charging time.Samsung has done a good job with the big screen and phone shape and weight including functionality. But when it comes down to practicality they failed in my department. I honestly can't wait to go back to BB when the new BB10 is released sometimes next year.I'm surprised this phone is being praised so highly on amazon. It sure doesn't deserve the 4 stars.
cellphone|Hiya! One questions doyou really know if the phone working in other country for example Argentina .Its really unlocked and I'm going to be able call here mobile phone company are movistar and personal .If you can research I'll be thankful.Nestor
cellphone|I AM REALLY SORRY THAT MY SIM CARD DID NOT FIT THE SLOT. MY SIM CARD IS LARGE AND THE SIII SLOT IS FOR A SMALL SIZE SIM CARD. ALSO, THE PACKAGE ONLY INCLUDES A UK ADAPTOR, NO OTHER ADAPTERS, LIKE FOR U. S. OR EUROPE. I EMAILED THE SELLER AND REQUESTED A REPLACEMENT SIII THAT WOULD FIT MY SIM CARD. THEY REPLIED FOR ME TO CALL FOR TECH. SERVICE TO FIX MY PROBLEM. I HOPE THAT I CAN HAVE A SMALLER SIM CARD MADE TO FIT THE SLOT BY MY CELL PHONE SERVICE PROVIDER.THE SIII DOES APPEAR TO BE A GREAT PHONE. I HOPE THAT I CAN GET THE SIM CARD PROBLEM RESOLVED.
cellphone|It's a great phone much cheaper but with a lot more features than the carriers branded phone. GALAXY S3 INTERNATIONAL! GREAT DEAL GREAT SERVICES! GO 4 IT !
cellphone|I finally got my SIII and wow! It's all I expected it to be and more. I am doing stuff that I never thought would be done on a phone.I love it!!!!!!!!!!!
cellphone|i had bought this product by looking that its a factory unlocked but as i received the product it was taken in plan and later unlocked where i am unable to use certain applications like GPS. i had loved the product but i felt i was falsely persuaded to buy this product.. i suggest you to b very careful and also beware of seller before buying too.. Samsung Galaxy S III / S3 Unlocked GSM Smart Phone (Pebble Blue)
cellphone|Galaxy S3 Broken Screen.... A SECOND Time... Not a Coincidence...So, I'm on my 2nd SPH-L170 Galaxy S3 phone from Samsung. The first time to no avail, I went to Asurion (Sprint's Insurance Provider) for replacement.. Paid my $150 and got another one.The screen on the first phone cracked within the first 7 days. Didn't drop it. Just cracked. I suggested manufacturers defect etc, but you never know.. maybe I didn't handle it delicately enough? Maybe I should have carried the phone around wrapped in Bubble Wrap? Not sure.. But I can tell you my wife's Iphone 4s has been through drop after drop after drop and hey... it works perfectly..And of course I have a Case surrounding my Galaxy 3 that was recommended by the Sprint Store representative to essentially keep the phone from having a cracked Screen.. But, of course it broke.By the way, did you know that when you buy a Smartphone, the ONLY warranty from your Carrier or Insurance Company only covers the Electronics and Software? So, if you buy the phone, walk out of the store and the screen cracks, it's Not Covered unless you send it to the Manufacturer for 3 weeks for a decision from them on replacement.. And while you're waiting, Sprint doesn't offer you a Loaner or Replacement.. Thus, they Con you into using the Insurance they charge $8 a month for..Now, yet again, my Assurion Replacement phone cracked in front of my VERY eyes this morning. I pushed the HOME button at the bottom of the screen and guess what happened.. It cracked. Take a look at it.. It's awesome... Maybe I'm not supposed to push the ONE button on the Front Screen? Is it there for decoration? Maybe I should have had the phone in the Google Voice mode where you talk to it and never touch the front of the screen? Don't know.. but I do know one this so far.. Spoke to 3 Sprint representatives and they told me to go fly a Kite.. They are not standing behind the Products they are distributing.. Then I said to each Sprint Rep including a Team Leader and a Supervisor in location B56 by the name of Jason, that I googled my device model and found numerous complaints around the same issue. Guess what Sprint.. there are a lot of people out there with the same problem.. Stand behind the products you are distributing or don't sell them. I'm going to keep the links off this post for now.. Maybe Sprint will read my post and consider standing behind this.. if Not, I'm going to copy at least 3 of the links that show this problem happens a lot and that the screen is breaking/cracking essentially all by itslef because the users (me included) are not carrying around our Galaxy S3 in bubble wrap.. And I wouldn't be surprised if that didn't fix the problem either.Apple stands behind their products.. Verizon (a friend of mine has Verizon Platinum support and the same issue and Verizon simply replaced the phone, no questions asked)... Should we swithc to a carrier that cares?
cellphone|This review is for both the phone and the store.after 4 hours of using the S3, the phone fell from me and the screen is not working any more.It was an easy fall though.The store:-I contacted the store directly. They direct me to CPR store in mountain view,CA and they told me that the store will fix it for free if it is not a physical damage. but guess what, the technician said we do not know them!!!!!!- I ask them if i can take it to samsung US they told me you can. when i contacted samsung US,They said they do not support the international phone version.- I contacted Hassel free again they said ooh you should contact Samsung UK :(Samsung:-I contact samsung US they said that the phone is not under thier warranty, they support only the phone that is only for the US market?? "I think what i have is a samsung phone" and they gave me a number to contact.guess what the number was fake!!! hahahaha- I go to chat with their ******* support team, they direct me to samsung India.- Samsung India said we do not support the device hahahaha.- I contacted the store again and they direct me to samsung UK.samsung UK told me to send the device to UK whith me paying for the shipping?? what a customer service.the conclusion is the follwing:- The store FOOL US on not showing that the device is supported ONLY in UK.- Samsung customer service IS Horrible, why do not they support their products where ever it is purchased from.ALL of the above is documented if any one need to learn about the issue furthermore.
cellphone|Placed the phone on the kitchen counter, walked away for 10 minutes, and when I returned the glass was shattered. Prior to this the phone had never been dropped and was getting light use. Naturally, Samsung won't accept that the glass broke WITHOUT CAUSE! When it comes to broken glass the customer is always to blame. So, I'm screwed and have to eat it. However...I don't have to by a Samsung phone next time.I suggest you do an internet search of "Samsung Galaxy S3 glass defect" and see what you find before you by this phone.
cellphone|I love my T-Mobile Samsung Galaxy S3 the best smart phone ever! The technology surpasses any out there and it is light years ahead of any Apple products.
cellphone|This my feedback claim related to this product:The positive:* Great design / great operative system* I receive a SGH-T999 model with 1.5GHz processor dual core 1.5GH & 2 GB RAM NOT A 4G LTE device , but it very fast even it is not quad core* In addition you I receive 48GB free space for 2 years in Drop BoxThe negative:* No headphones included in the box* Reliability: After full charging I start using it with no problems but for some reason the device does not power on randomly even if it has more than 70% battery. In order to wake the phone up I have to plug in the charger line a moment and then the phone is ok and I'm able to use again. This happens randomly, but I am losing my calls when the phone doesn't wake up. I been using the same operative system (Android) in other devices more than a year for this reason I am sure something is going wrong (In my case the supplier is abe-123)* Unlocked Issues: The reason I search for unlock devices is because I am free to get full benefits from manufactured. This phone it's a T-Mobile branded device for this reason it has a custom made operative system (ICS) and not the original stock operative system from Samsung and will never get officially updates (stock ROM'S) and it has function that I am not able to use in my country but consuming my resources (memory & processor). This is not really an unlocked device* Notice that is not possible to move applications to the external memory like other devices (micro SDHC)
cellphone|
cellphone|
cellphone|Just buy the product if you really want to loose your money. The phone its a good camera. A lot of bugs.
cellphone|Phone arrived with a UK electric plug, nos plug so I can only recharge the phone by connect through a USB plug to a computer.After several attempts to deliver because there was no one to sign, I asked that they deliver without signature. They refused.
cellphone|My frien'ds using it with the new Unlimited everything (including hotspot) plan that just came out from Solavei. Runs off T-Mobile and at&t's 4G network for $49/mo and ends up bein free or making you money every month instead. It just launched in September and is taking the money that would other wise be wasted on the same old repetitive advertising and giving it to the people for sharing with others. $20 for every 3 people you enroll every month for as long as they have the service+another $20 for every 3 people they add as well... It adds up let me tell ya. Also coming to Europe next yearLearn more at [...][...]
cellphone|Good phone goooooooooooooood v g v g v g v g v g vg vg phone so nice c c c c c c
cellphone|Un muy buen equipo, exelente dise&ntilde;o, dise&ntilde;ado a la perfeccion, el color es bonito, lo recomiendo 100 cien por ciento
cellphone|&#8206;Samsung Galaxy S3 phones are cracking and Samsung refuses to look into the issue! Read this forum before purchasing a Samsung phone. I have been given the run around by Samsung Support for two weeks now - spending several hours on hold and having 1 Supervisor tell me that "Maybe a software update might come through in the near future to remedy my issue" (Really Samsung??)[...]After weeks of dealing with Samsung they finally replaced my phone. I think there was an issue with certain phones, so far the new phone has not cracked. I would still be cautious.
cellphone|I've been frustrated with this phone since I bought it in September due to spotty coverage and streaming capabilities. It will frequently show low or no signal in places where my Blackberry (on the same network) does fine. Last straw occurred yesterday when it died because a small amount of sweat seeped into the case while I was running with the phone in an armband. The phone was completely destroyed.I've owned this phone for less than two months. It should not have allowed water incursion in the first place, and the drop or two that did get in should not have caused a complete meltdown. Terrible durability, and I now find that it's worthless for one of the primary reasons I purchased the phone.Strong recommendation against. I should have bought an iPhone.
cellphone|Screen is large, but too bulky for pocket. Battery life has not been that great. Bluetooth seems buggy at times. The good is that it is reasonably fast browsing.
cellphone|I want to make it clear that this phone is technologically AMAZING. It has so many awesome features, the screen is incredible, the camera is top notch for a phone camera, and the software... while sometimes a little laggy... is easy to use. I'm not going into specifics about all the cool stuff you can do with the S3 because there are tons of reviews here that do it for me. I agree with them! All of them.MY issue with the S3 is something I wish I had been told before I purchased the phone. Had I been told, I probably would have opted for something different... aka the I5. (Even though I freaking hate all things Apple... they make repairs affordable and easy!) My S3 made it less than a month before I shattered the screen. Typically this would be a time where I bemoan my timing (my otterbox came in the mail about two days after this incident) and curse my clumsy nature BUT the fact that I was sitting in a fully carpeted room (it's actually extra padded carpet because it's a classroom designed for toddlers under two year of age) in a chair designed for a preschooler... it might not even be 12 inches off the ground (not very comfortable but HEY! I needed to sit down to paint with the kiddo's!)...the fact that the screen was completely shattered from top to bottom after taking a tumble of maybe 14 inches onto a padded carpet... WELL! I mean what do you say? The salesperson at Verizon told me about this "gorilla glass" stuff and made it seem like the designers of the S3 had taken the fact that screens break all the time into account. I just want to know what kind of gorillas Samsung is basing their strength tests off of. I mean honestly?So anyways, I didnt have insurance (yeah I know.. boo and hiss to me for not being prepared) but I didnt have insurance because I A. Treated the thing like it was a newborn baby B. expected to have it protected by the big bad otter box and C. I haven't ever dropped/broke a phone so I didnt even think about it when I was researching which phone to upgrade to. So I call Verizon and they're pretty much like "Sorry, you're SOL." I call all around the Atlanta area looking for an independent repair shop... every quote I get is over $300... for a SCREEN! When I dropped it, I was upset, but I figured since the touch screen still worked that it was just the surface glass that needed repair and it wouldnt cost much at all. Wrong. Samsung has made it incredibly easy to replace the screen of this phone by selling the LCD/glass/digitizer as a pre-attached piece. Aka... even though just the glass broke, you can't replace JUST the glass. I mean maybe some super hi-tech adrenaline junkie could do it with some super fancy tools... but no professional would. Being friends with a few tech savvy people I think to myself "I'll just go buy this silly hi-tech screen part and have someone smart fix it! Parts are always cheap, right?" Wrong. Amazon, ebay, ect ect... every screen replacement part was either a blatant rip off or cost over $250. SO I finally call Samsung (I waited to call them last because I figured their repair would take forever and it would be super expensive... it ended up being $180 so not SO bad but still...) and I get the order processed and all goes well. The repair is awesome and everything is just like new. However, I feel like this phone was made to make Samsung's repair technicians jobs easier and they didn't take the customer into account at all. Surely a screen breaking is the most common issue with all cell phones so I dont understand why any company who has the consumer in mind would make it so expensive to do what should be a simple repair. It kind of blows my mind.Not a week later, a friend of mine also broke her phone. Only she had it in a case! And it broke IN her pocket. She had insurance and had to pay $90 (not including tax or shipping)to get a whole new phone. Sigh...I don't know. I just feel like they either should've made some gorilla glass that lives up to the name or they should have made repairs more cost effective for their customers.End of story, awesome technology... but I'm not sure if it's worth it for the super flimsy nature of the phone! I shall be wrapping this newly fixed phone in bubble wrap in addition to the otter box and praying that the next time I'm due for an upgrade that they have made bullet proof/shatter proof glass screens. Dreamers will dream eh?
cellphone|The product isn't the one as described. Actually the phone is the model AT&T SGH-I747 instead of the international version I9300, as described!
cellphone|I absolutely LOVE the Samsung Galaxy S3. I have had it for about a month and a half now and it is a great phone.The Camera is phenomenal. It takes pictures quickly and the quality of the photos is amazing. I had the HTC EVO before and that also had an 8 megapixel camera, but the s3 camera is just so much better. the evo camera hesitated, but this one focuses so quickly and takes the picture the second you press the button. Also, there is a burst shot option so you can take action shots. I think its a great feature. I have used it once (i haven't really had many action shot opportunities), but i did enjoy having it as an option and i thought it worked really well.Some people complain about the phone's size, but it doesn't bother me at all. Compared to the HTC EVO, the screen itself is bigger, but the phone is only a tiny bit taller, and about the same width. the s3 is also significantly lighter than the evo and easier to hold because of the rounded sides. The design is really chic and modern. I love the look of it.The graphics on the s3 are also gorgeous. The screen is so clear and the graphics are really defined which really enhances the experience of using the phone.I like the battery life as well. It lasts more than a full day, however you probably couldn't go two full days without charging it. The evo had terrible battery life. I would leave my phone in my backpack at school all day and barely even check it and i would get home with 20%-30% battery. With the s3, i do the same and come home with 90% battery. The battery actually lasts surprisingly well when i play games and am constantly checking twitter or texts, while on the evo, playing one game for a short time practically drained the battery.Overall, the Galaxy S3 is a great phone. It is easy to use and figure out and has some great features. I really like the widgets it comes with, and if you pull down the bar on the top, you can see your messages, emails, updates, etc, but you also have the major settings there. You can easily access the wi-fi, bluetooth, gps, sound, screen rotation, airplane mode, and even power saving mode. I love this feature because with the evo i had to go into settings and find the right category to turn certain things on and off. I especially love being able to access screen rotation so easily because i generally leave it off, but i like it on if i'm looking through pictures. I definitely recommend this phone for anyone looking for a new smartphone. I hope this was helpful, and good luck choosing your phone!
cellphone|Can someone who bought it tell me which processor comes with this phone right here?.. i just want to clear the confusion. I need the Quad-core version!"
cellphone|This is a great device. Nice with powerful applications.. Bye bye I-phone.....................Welcome Galaxy S III..... Android is the Best
cellphone|This is not a review but a question for those who have the phone: How do you back it up, so you don't lose data if something goes wrong? I am looking to replace my ancient Treo 650 smartphone; it syncs with a program (Palm Desktop) on my computer. Recently the phone crashed and I had to do a complete reset, which destroyed all data and settings on the phone. I synced with the PC and everything was restored. Can you do that with the Galaxy S3? If so, how? One more question: Is this phone not-branded; i.e., no carrier logo?
cellphone|Muy Buen telefono, lo recomiendo. Ligero y potente. Mejor que el iphone 5. Tengo el blanco y el azul y son muy elegantes.
cellphone|My apologies this review is going to be a little scattered because it's 7AM and I haven't been to bed yet ;)So I pre-ordered the iPhone 5 about a week before it was due to be released and like most of you I saw all the Samsung adverts: the next big thing is already here, blah, blah, blah and I started to waffle a bit: was I being an Apple fanboy/girl? I mean I've always wanted a bigger screen and I'm a chick so keeping something in my pocket doesn't matter to me - so when the e-mail came from BB that my pre-ordered iPhone 5 would not be arriving I decided this is God's way of telling me to get the Galaxy S3 :)Drove to BB on "iPhone 5" day and picked up my brand spankin' new S3 and then straight to the mall to get ripped off of $40 by Zagg because I just can't get those darned shields/skins to go on right myself.Turned on the phone and was floored by the big pretty screen although I have to say I must really be spoiled by the Retina screen because while everyone talks about the great screen the only thing great about it is it's big.Battery life was initially terrible until I downloaded this battery juice app and while it improved it I still have to charge the phone everyday (unlike the iPhone 4)Now while I'm a long time Mac user (I'd estimate since about '98) I always thought the whole Apple love fest was a little over wrought UNTIL I would try to go back to Windows (last time I made that mistake was over 8 years ago) and then I'd remember that I just really appreciate the whole Apple aesthetic.The same goes for the whole "Apple just more intuitive" meme - but I guess I've finally learned that (for me at least) it's true and darn it the apps are just "prettier". You can actually Google why are Android apps so ugly and get lots of hits.Little quirks that are specific to me but may also matter to you:I prefer the way the home screen on the iPhone alerts you to missed calls.I like my push notifications.For some reason my Optimum app (cable company) finds both of my DVRs but the Android version only finds one and the iPhone version lets me watch TV on my Phone and the Android version does not.The only thing I prefer about the Android is the widgets.Bottom line is I paid $199 for this phone with no sales tax in New Hampshire - now I am home in NY and I am going to pay $218 for the iPhone 5 and flush the $40 I paid to Zagg down the toilet and pay another $40 to get my iPhone 5 wrapped - so I'm essentially going to shell out and/or lose almost 100 bucks because that is how much I just cannot stomach this phone in comparison to the iPhone.Now I wrote this review because a lot of the reviews I read about people who switched from the iPhone to the Galaxy were overwhelming positive and really gave me the final push and I wanted to add a disenting voice to balance those reviews out. I'm not going to get into an argument with Android fan boys who are getting just as bad as Apple ones.
cellphone|Based on the battery life along, this phone is not worth buying. I installed a program to monitor the battery life. Even with this activated, the battery can die in less than 10 hours. My iPhone 4 never had this problem. Watching videos is great on this product, however, with low battery life, this doesn't equate to much. If the phone had a decent battery life, I would still give it about 3.5 stars purely based on it's constant freezing and shutting down applications.
cellphone|We need the PIN code to unlock the phone that was purchased as unlocked.The Sansung GIII number FCC ID : A3LGTI9300ARATSSN I9300GSMH; IMEI 354244/05/377139/6 S/N:RF1CA4TP36K. After I give this mobile as a gift, I discovered that my dauther couldn't use it in Brazil by it is blocked. Please forward the procedure to use it in Brazil
cellphone|Unfortunately anyone considering this device should Google-search the term "Issue 36993: wifi no longer working in ics 4.0.4 " or simply "galaxy wifi authentication failed". Essentially at this time you may find yourself without any option to connect to the internet. In other words, a pretty useless paper weight.The various forums have several threads on the topic where users, including IT professionals, who own android devices are reporting the problem and not finding a solution or work around. Typical posts from the above read:* "just signed a 2 year contract. Had I known about this issue I never would have committed my two years to this device. Now Im stuck."* "I am too extremely frustrated that for $700 i have a piece of plastic doing a half job... simply unaccceptable. Google needs to push some kind of update ASAP and start treating the android project seriously..."* "Huge problem!!!! Bought 2 galaxy 3's and a galaxy tab 10.1 2 all with no ability to connect WiFi!! This is unacceptable!!!"A bug in Android, introduced in v4.0.4 and persisiting through the latest Android v4.1.2, prevents android devices from connecting to many, mainstream, wifi routers. If your home/office router is one of those, tough luck. Users have these routers working fine with all non-android devices (ie iOS, Windows...). Also, many Galaxy devices (including mine) worked fine up to the v4.0.4 upgrade.Personally I had been an advocate of the Samsung Google product family. When first activating my S3 I thought apple does not currently offer any phone that can match it. However the lack of networking functionality, and lack of communication by these companies in the several months of this issue persisting should be unacceptable and potential consumers here should be aware and beware.
cellphone|It's all they say about this cell.Ithink it's too much tecnology for us in Brasil.Great buy. I recomend it for all Amazon buyers
cellphone|THIS IS A REPOST: I TOOK A LOT OF FLAK ON ANOTHER AMAZON PAGE FOR THIS POSTING, WHICH I FEEL IS NEWSWORTHY, SO I AM REPOSTING IT HERE. PLEASE NOTE THAT THESE WERE MY ORIGINAL COMMENTS, AND SOME PROBLEMS WERE FIXED BY A RECENT SOFTWARE UPDATE AND BY MANY CHANGES TO THE SETTINGS, and BY SWITCHING TO GOOGLE VOICE voice mail.*******************We already owned an Iphone 4s before I plunked down $250 with Verizon to get this exact model about 20 days ago. I liked the features, the color and thought it would be an outstanding phone. However, while it has some great features, I have found it to be over-hyped and disappointing, and now wish I had gotten the Iphone instead. Here are the CONS, since they are the primary reason I am writing this review in the first place:1. I found a bug in the Phone applet that causes the numeric keypad to lock up and refuse to display when the phone goes into "sleep mode" from the Recent Numbers screen. When it wakes up you can see all the recent numbers you dialed but are unable to get the keypad up to dial any number. Great if you are being mugged in a park or are in a car accident, or other life threatening emergency. This has happened to me two or 3 times already, (the bug, not the mugging), so on the 2nd instance, I reported it to Verizon Tech Support, who noted at least one other identical report, escalated me to Level 2 Support, and contacted Samsung to report the problem. To me, it's the smartphone version of a runaway Toyota with a stuck accelerator!So, SAMSUNG now knows that their phone software has a serious bug in it that causes the phone to become non-operational without a warm restart, at random. Seems to me that the very least that a smartphone should do is to work as a PHONE without any life threatening BUGS in the basic phone app. The phone app should be robust and iron-clad, but it is not.Hopefully, Samsung software engineers will get busy and fix this immediately. In the meantime, if this happens to you, there are two workarounds: a) do a warm restart by holding the power button and restarting the phone (just tell the mugger to pause for a bit while you call the police!) or b) toggle to any other button BESIDES the numeric keypad, then back to the numeric keypad and hope the keypad unfreezes itself (this may or may not work). Incredible!!2. The initial software settings are not correct, and this phone will drive you nuts for the first week, as you try to sort out why it does odd and bizarre things. Two settings that I found essential to change are these: 1) the phone display setting (the one that blacks out the screen after xx seconds) is set to 30 seconds at the factory. So, out of the box the phone will keep shutting off constantly. 1 minute works much better. 2) there is a predictive text feature that tries to guess the text you are typing that does not work properly and drove me nuts for a while. I finally called Verizon support to find where the setting for this feature was to DISABLE it. It's buried under a keyboard and language input option somewhere.3. Verizon pre-installed a POS basic voice mail app that will cause you to miss most of your VM for the first 3 weeks you own this phone, unless and until you pay them the outrageous sum $2.99 per month to get the premium voice mail app activated. This same app is FREE on the Iphone!!! Verizon had no good explanation for this difference. I do - its a ripoff.Do you want to pay $36 plus tax per year for the privilege of having Voice Mail that works? I don't. So, I am experimenting with 3rd party apps for VM service such as Google Voice and YouMail Voice Mail to see which one works with this overpriced boondoggle of a phone. It would be nice if Verizon spelled this out BEFORE you paid $250 for the phone. Outrageous ripoff.4. The rear camera is a total piece of crap. It takes mostly blurry pictures that are often over- or under-saturated, and the colors are almost always incorrect. Compared to the Iphone camera, this one is junk. I've seen better pics from a disposable camera at Walgreens. I don't care how many megaPixels the specs say this camera has, it's almost impossible to take a good picture with this camera. If this matters to you, TRY ONE IN THE STORE FIRST. Check it out for yourself. IN FACT, I challenge you to prove me wrong on this - the camera is worthless!5. The battery life, once you load it up with a dozen or more favorite apps is not that great. Also, I tried loading some of the 3rd party apps that shut off unused apps to conserve battery power, but they seem to be incompatible wit this model. Since this is my first Android SP, I hope someone else will advise me if there is a battery saving app that actually works with this boondoggle phone. [Currently, trying Battery+ App.]6. The ear speaker is not very loud. i have mine set to MAX and it's not loud enough. OK, I'll admit to not having the greatest hearing anymore, but having to use the speaker phone to hear what callers say is a huge negative. [Fixed with the Volume+ Free App.]7. Verizon's marketing geniuses decided that we don't need the HUMONGOUS 204 page manual to figure out how to work this phone. Instead, they ship it with the 160+ page warranty booklet (which you will never use) and omit the user manual, providing only a scant little fold out flyer that is equally useless. I had to get the manual on the Verizon website, download it and email it to myself, so that I could read it on the phone to learn how all the features work. Given how feature-rich the phone is, it makes NO SENSE WHATSOEVER to not either provide the manual in printed form, or install it in PDF form on the phone before shipping it to the customer. That is, unless Verizon thinks that all of their customers are psychic smartphone geniuses that do not need to know how to use their new Galaxy S III phones, because they already know everything in the 200 page manual. RIDICULOUS!!8. Because there is no manual, when this phone whistles, chirps and beeps at you throughout the day, (which it does constantly), you'll spend a month figuring out whether it's because you are getting a call, a voice mail, a text message or an email. It's maddening. I have yet to sort this all out, but find it VERY irritating. I did figure out that the whistle sound means I just got a voice mail sent to Verizon Basic Voice Mail Hell. It's especially frustating to find out that I missed 4 or 5 voice mail messages that are 5 days old! Thanks to Verizon trying to NICKEL AND DIME THEIR CUSTOMERS TO DEATH. Argh!!!!!!!!!9. The screen display changes constantly and I have yet to sort out why it shifts around into different arrangements, not of my choosing. If this kind of overdone bells and whistles nonsense bugs you, an Iphone is a better choice. If you're an Android expert you probably get it already. As for me, I am not, and never wanted to be, an Android expert, so I find the GUI to be completely frustrating for the average user.THE PROS:1. The screen is large and beautiful.2. It may be the best phone for searching the web due to the above feature. I watched two 1/2 hour webinars while on vacation and traveling on I-95 which I found impressive.3. It's the latest phone, so you get bragging rights if you own it. Period.Great Expectations became Great Disappointments.
cellphone|The phone function nice. The material the phone made of is VERY CHEAP. The phone fell from a couch hight, the plastic part broke the screen shattered..Samsung needs to build there electronics from a material that is little more expessive..I like the phone technology. AGAIN VERY POOR MATERIAL, AS IF THE PLASTIC BELONGS TO A 99 CENT STORE.
cellphone|While I liked the functionality of the phone for the brief time I used it, I find it absurd that if the phone is dropped, with a case on, the screen shatters and that is considered NORMAL and my fault. The phone fell from table height to the concrete and fell flat. The entire front cracked. I was told it was a glass front, was not defective, and I had to buy a new phone. I have had the phone less that two weeks, and find this response disappointing and unacceptable. I did not purchase the phone from Amazon, and Sprint is my carrier. Maybe these things make a difference.
cellphone|My screen cracked after 10 days and it was not dropped. Samsung says cracked screens aren't under warranty and there are pages of complaints on google regarding this.My Verizon provider said I would have to file insurance claim with 10 day deductible and I may get a refurbished phone. I told them this is not acceptable. My first Samsung product and my last.Wait for I5 to come out is my recommendation.
cellphone|The phone have defective pixel and black spots on a dark background. Then, i contacted a seller (FGS Trading) and they ready to refund the purchase price, but not ready refund taxes and shipment (~300$) and they dont gave any solution to repair the phone. I contacted a Samsung in Israel, and they told me that is no international warranty at most of countries, include Israel. Now i regret that sold Iphone 4 and got this SHIT.
cellphone|Unfortunately, my experience with this S3 was the worst possible.I ordered one and shipped it to my parents that were in NY, so they could bring it back to me in Brazil.When arriving, the S3 just didn't work, as the touch screen was not responding to any command.I upgraded the Android OS, but was not helpful.So, the only solution was to return the item to the seller as Samsung Brazil refused to fix the problem here. They told me that the warranty is only valid for the country you buy the product. A joke...As a consequence, i had my money back, but i'm still with no phone. Maybe iPhone 5 or Lumia 9200 will do better than S3 did.
cellphone|I just received a new samsung galaxy s3. when I started the camera I realize that there was a ghost of black circle and it never gone even in video mode. I checked the lens and it was crystal clear no scratches or dust. I think I have to go back to Xperia.
cellphone|I am very upset with this. This cellphone did not come with a battery or headphones. What is a cellphone without battery, and they haven't solved anything. What am I going to do with a cellphone with no battery?
cellphone|I bought a Samsung Galaxy SIII yesterday. I spent hours on the phone with their technical support trying to get their software, KIES, to sync with Outlook. They could not get it to work and referred me to Development Technical Support which never called back. If you need to connect with Outlook, I suggest you try another phone. This is not worth the effort. Otherwise, it is a good phone, but a good phone with no phone numbers is pretty worthless.
cellphone|I have never broken any of my previous smart phones or had problems with them. This is my first Samsung phone and my first Android phone. I bought this phone 5 days ago and already the glass over the camera has shattered. This happened without any mistreatment, dropping, or irregular use. Samsung and phone carriers are not supportive of replacing the device, and it is difficult to find the glass to replace it (it is taking 1 month to order this piece of glass from China). The software on the phone is great. I am a big fan of Android, but I would look for a phone from a company that values quality control if I had to do this again. Definitely not worth the price tag.
