cellphone|this is the best smartphone ever made.can i use this product with Turkish GSM company's which are Turkcell, Vodafone or avea in turkey ?
cellphone|So other than a .5" larger bordered screen and a new 9 pin connector there is nothing new here. Same old boring IOS minus google maps/youtube app (you get Apple Imaps epic fail instead) the same issues that plagued as far back as the 3gs (for me) such as getting locked in headphone mode, freezing/crashing apps, losing service for no reason and having to reboot the Iphone to get it back, being way to delicate if dropped or hit, way over priced, and the simple fact that are much better smartphones out there namly Windows Phone and Android. I have seen and personally did speed tests on browsing, boot up times and app lauching and Windows Phone 7/8 and Android beat this device hands down everytime in all catagories. They say Apple could sell a turd wrapped in tin foil with an Apple logo on it.....well this is that turd. There is no reason to buy this recycled iphone as there will be another one out in less than a year, possibly the usual Iphone 5/5s/5se/5LT/Iphone 5 Turbo/Super Iphone 5 turbo....and all makes and models will be the exact same phone lol. Wake up people, go with whats best for you, not whats popular this week. I traded this dud after a month for a Windows Phone Nokia Lumia and couldn't believe what I was missing and how limited the Iphone is. Apple is going to have to do better than Iphone 5 and Ipad mini/nano/tini to retain it's bloated, stagnent, fragile market share.
cellphone|i dont have the i iphone never came to my home that why i need the money back thanks please
cellphone|Note much to say. Samsung Galaxy Note 2 is bigger, better, faster! The iphone is just not good enough for me to get. I am a girl and thought about getting the Iphone because is smaller but just going to the store and browsing on the both phones and using both phones side by side; I am glad I got the Samsung Galaxy Note 2.
cellphone|This phone is hardly better than the previous. Apple needs to step their game up, as they are being outdone by Samsung. Will be trading in for the S3 or Note 2. HUGE DISAPOINTMENT, WASTE OF MONEY!!
cellphone|I like it and own it but a bit overpriced. I think the design is still one of the best things when it comes to Apple products. No other company designs such sexy devices. The iPhone also hosts best in class technology. What disappoints me a bit is their pricing strategy. To be honest i think they should adjust their prices a bit. Compared to other players in the market their prices are to high.
cellphone|I have not received the equipment manuals so I doubt product status. bothered me a lot because it is the first time that Apple and come porductos receipts without manual plus the packaging of the boxes come with some stamps q not seem manufactured. new apple products are factory sealed hermeticamentes. I would like an answer on where equipment manuals are??
cellphone|excelente producto lo recomiendo a todas las personas que deseen comprar a este usuario es responsable y fue puntual con la entrega
cellphone|Bought for a friend and this seems to be a good buy after comparing the prices at many other online shops.
cellphone|i just love it ... everything is okay, the store is pretty fine. nothing more to say, just buy yours :D
cellphone|I enjoyed a very nice very nice indeed Parcel arrived before the day was white at one case goood goood
cellphone|El tel&eacute;fono es perfecto, realmente de excelente calidad.El tel&eacute;fono funciona muy bien y vino liberado. Recomendado, muy buen negocio.
cellphone|I got exactly what I Paid for. It works exactly the way I figured it would. I'm glad to be on team iPhone now.
cellphone|excellent for this price and good customer service, thought there is something wrong with the shipment, takes a week to getthis, but I felt satisfied!
cellphone|Product was ok. Not sure it was worth $700. Very user-friendly as with all Apple products.Check out my informative websitejongrayrapist.com
cellphone|Llego en el tiempo esperado con las especificaci&oacute;n y caracter&iacute;sticas publicadas por el proveedor! Excelente producto para todas las edades vers&aacute;til
cellphone|The Software is really Good, but the iPhone comes with case detals in the corners! I don't like detals! Thanks
cellphone|I am from Venezuela, I had a bad experience when I bought an iPhone 3GS in Amazon two years ago because it read UNLOCKED on the description, but it was not, then I had to pay in the country to unlock it, so I was afraid to get another iPhone with the same problem.I received the iPhone and it works perfectly in Venezuela, I activated it with a SIM card from Digitel (Venezuelan carrier) and it works smoothly. Do not be afraid if you want a FACTORY UNLOCKED iPhone because this is what you will get.
cellphone|sorprendenete equipo buen procesador muy buenas graficas y la bateria no defrauda lo maximo en telefono.... iphone o nada.. punto
cellphone|Compr&eacute; este tel&eacute;fono para traerlo a Vzla y todo va muy bien. Excelente vendedor altamente recomendado a toda la comunidad.
cellphone|Everything came the way described.Phone was in brand new box, never been opened.All accessories work in amazing condition
cellphone|I am dissapointed somewhat. The long screen does not seem real. I preferred the wider one of other smart phones. Then itkeeps being heavy.
cellphone|This product is just amazing. It works perfect in Colombia. I really recommend this iPhone unlocked. The product came in it original box completed sealed
cellphone|The shipper is fast and responsive. Basically everything was perfect but I was expecting box close... it came open box.
cellphone|Shipping was great, I got the phone weeks sooner than was projected! I opted for the factory unlocked phone because I am active duty military, so I can use it anywhere in the world. I was skeptical when I opened the package, as it was packed with newspaper, it didn't look very legit, but I am happy to say that everything looks to be in excellent condition. I am very happy with everything, so far.
cellphone|Hello, I live in Panama City, Panama and I would like to know if I buy the unlocked Iphone 5 online in the Apple Store will it work with the carriers here in Panama or I will have to pay a local store to get it unlocked or how does this works? What I mean: the phone is unlocked for carriers in the US or for any carrier in the world no matter in what country you are? HELP ME pleasee!!!
cellphone|although it is very expensive, my friend really likes it. he is satisfied with everything that the phone brought to him.
cellphone|This is a great phone you can do more than the 4s but to much money Siri is great faster processor and a 4 inch screen but too much for the price
cellphone|en teoria es el mejor telefono del mundo, yo lo recomiendo con los ojos vendados, muy util, divertido y facil de usar
cellphone|it is very good,it si the same as the new phone,and it is unlock,it can be used in any country
cellphone|This iphone is a brand new and has a good appearance and good function.I like it very much.Good.
cellphone|Excellent..!! Good Products. Todo muy bien, buen producto y llego a tiempo. Lo recomiendo..!!! Mi calificaci&oacute;n es 10 puntos..!! My rating is 10 points.
cellphone|Great phone. I love the speed of the connection and Siri and the size of the display. Can't stop playing with it.
cellphone|This is 1429 model and USA official model is 1428 model MD294LL/A with band LTE 4 and 17 works in USA and outside.
cellphone|Its an OK phone at best, certainly not insanely great anymore and very expensive for what you get. Battery life is poor at best, and lacks several features of similarly priced or cheaper phones that offer things like expandable storage, swappable batteries and pressure sensitive styluses. Furthermore it isn't universal so you can't easily switch carriers between LTE providers and the features various carriers offer differ greatly and none is a one stop shop. Apple needs to stop worrying about making the phone thinner and lighter, and rather add innovation back to the phone like inductive charging or an all day battery.
cellphone|I've been slow to upgrade but we've been loyal to other Apple products and have really enjoyed using the Ipod and Ipad with the kids. As far as the phone went, I never saw the reason to get one, but now that I have I thoroughly enjoyed it.The phone is faster than my laptop. My daughter has the Iphone 4 and the screen on the 5 is bigger, and it has been really nice to use. It's expensive enough I have invested in a case to protect it. I don't regret the purchase and love the new phone. I can load up the apps to keep the kids busy at the doctors office and not have to lug other toys or tech items along.The phone was easy to learn to use and I had no problems with it after a month of use.
cellphone|nice phone and is working good.. learning what all the phone does... Being unlocked it canbe used with any phone service.
cellphone|am not going into specs, yes hardware is important but you need a good OS and good apps to go along.iPhone 5 for me is the best smartphone in the market. however, for those who own iphone 4s i don't recommend getting the iphone 5. the difference is not worth the cost. but if you own other phone -including iphone4- then going to iphone 5 is worth it if you have the cash for it.hope i was helpfull
cellphone|el producto llego en muy buen estado es muy eficiente sus servicios y son muy responsables a la hora de las entregas
cellphone|excelente producto muy buena calidad en la fabricacion se recomienda a todos buena adquisicion para cualquiera que requiera un buen celular
cellphone|I love my iPhone. It was perfectly closed and it was really new. It's trulysecure to buy it in this page.
cellphone|Nice!Serves its primary purpose, as a phone, well!Nice to hold and operate as a normal phone.I don't really need the other 'bells and whistles', if it comes at the expense of battery life.Looks like Apple has got it priorities right, which other competitors could take a page from..:)
cellphone|it was well and nice package, arrived in good time and is being used, requirement where and sometime the box is way to big
cellphone|very good. i bought it one month ago ,i think it is very good .now i use it every day
cellphone|I love this iphone, light, fast and the color was a great choice.The only thing i think it would be better is the .... I'm joking. is perfect!
cellphone|I know a lot of apple fans are going to probably hate this review. I review a lot of products! If you check my review I try to be honest and helpful. I am not here to be popular or go with the trend. First, price is way to high! Max I would pay for Iphone with the specs(hardware)they have is $200 as it is not the top phone for speed, screen size, and features. I would not recommend this phone as the price does not match the quality. You get more with the the Galaxy Note 2 for just a little bit more money. I am a heavy phone user. I am comparing the Iphone to other phones on the market. Second, The phone is still fragile. My friend broke his within the first 2 weeks of getting the phone. Calls still dropping alot. Apple is improving a little. Bigger screen and LTE but still far behind Android. He is on Verizon which is the best network so there is no excuse. The screen vibrancy is not as good as the Galaxy S3. Apple is improving a little. Bigger screen and LTE but still far behind Android. I give the Iphone 5 two stars for 2 improvement. The Iphone 4 if I could give it a zero I would have. 3rd Again apple is just catching up to Jellybean OS from android as my previous review of the Iphone 4, Apple has copied alot of stuff from Android. People who use Android will know about notification bar, Cloud backup, Widgets, Voice Navigation, Voice command, 4g, LTE, etc the list goes on but most of these feature were from 4 years ago on Android as Apple has barely put it in the IPhone. I also fix phone so I see these phone comes in for screen repair and also the back of the phone breaks a lot. Parts are easy to find though and there are plenty of people who repair this phone. I use every product and test it as best as I can. I had apple when the 2g was out which was the best phone than but apple has fallen way behind and it is showing. As far as current sales goes Samsung has taken the number one spot overtaking Nokia as the number one phone manufacturer. Which I understand why because they do have the best phone period whether is the galaxy note 2 or the galaxy S3. Phone sales Galaxy Series is over 380 million sold vs the iphone 4 and 5 at only 80 million.
cellphone|I have an iPhone 5 black. I got this one as a gift for the New Year for my sister. Thanks!
cellphone|I would love to buy this phone, but I am from France and I want to make sure that it will work with French carriers before purchasing it. Does any of you know anything about that? thanks!
cellphone|This was a situation of not ordering the correct Apple iPhone device for use with my specific provider...a lesson well-learned.
cellphone|I have owned previous generations of the Iphone.I was so disappointed by the new design.My friends and coworkers have bought it and all of them tell me they are disappointed they bought it.I tried the phone out and I have no idea why people like it. It doesn't even feel faster than 4S.
cellphone|It come's with verison sim card in side. And loock's like it was in use. No body should not by it!!!!!!
cellphone|Only newbies and wannabe Apple fans pay ridiculous prices over a phone soon to be outdated! Is there a need to spend your life texting and sending moronic videos to each other? Boy, you are getting royally ripped off with data plans and everything else in between!!!!! I'm not new to Apple products, my first b/w classic in my kid days was all I needed to remain a forever fan of Apple (Macintosh for the fakers), when most were Microsoft mindless followers. What a pathetic bunch who sit and wait in line to spend their meager earnings on unnecessary items! Do you people have a job????? I had an iPhone 3GS, a gift, I couldn't wait to get rid of it, currently I use a flip-phone, it does what it is supposed to do, make phone calls!! I assure you that my profession pays more than enough to buy whatever Apple item I want! Save your money you fools, buy what you need not what you want, most of you can't hardly turn on the stupid phone much less know the technology behind it! Those who truly need the phone for business, you are exempt, simply carry on. But these dealers are getting a bit out of control with their asking prices for a dumb phone! Is a camera really necessary? Buy a real one, cheaper and more useful!! Uff dah, what a bunch of suckers, in debt up the ying-yang yet buying expensive "toys"! Fools! Not an Android fan either.
cellphone|DO NOT BUY an iphone 5 if you use the Bluetooth in your car. For MANY new car models you can make outgoing calls but will NOT be able to accept incoming calls via Bluetooth! Apple has the ethical obligation to tell you that their product will not function in a lot of cars when the customer is considering a purchase....but they don't!. Very disappointed that they did not share this information! I would NOT have made this purchase!
cellphone|This phone is absolutely unacceptable. I would've given this phone 0 stars but I cant. It has very poor quality and cant do any of my expectations. IT IS PLAIN OLD BAD!! I recently purchased the Nokia Lumia 920 from the Microsoft CompanyStore because of this unappealing phone and it is great! for less then halfthe cost I love this phone. It has a nice big screen and a BIG app storeand I can access my email better. I would NEVER recommend this phone. Just bad!!!!
cellphone|Apple once again created a stunning device which is better than the iphone generations before. But there is a problem. Because of the HD cam inside the photos and videos are gigantic and need a lot of space on your phone. So trust me and take this version http://amzn.to/Wo6ALK
cellphone|This phone does not connect the wifi network. Even apple has released the update for this problem, nothing has changed. Problem still persist
cellphone|I didn't buy from amazon I bought it from apple store pick up. Now here's my view I upgraded from iPhone 3GS so it was worth it 1. Lte loaded faster than my wifi 2. Amazing camera trust me just amazing 3. Better battery unless you use lte I played on this phone lasted longer than my old phone NOT BIG FAN OF HOW APPLE JUST INCREASED THE LENGTH of the phone could have made it wider too. That being said if you are on iPhone 4 or 4s especially 4s do not upgrade. Not worth it another thing I wonder why apple price their phone high I could get a windows laptop at that unlocked price
cellphone|The iPhone is probably one of the most in demand phones out there and its because apple makes great products. I have always wanted an iPhone and the only thing holding me back was the price and the fact that I have always been an android user that is based off google while apple uses safari, other than that I am in love with the iPhone. I chose to not go with the iPhone 5 simply because they are constanly coming out with newer versions and I can't keep up with that lol. I chose the Samsung galaxy s3 because it does everything the iphone does and you get almost all of the apps for free to download. It also has its own version of siri (galaxy), its extremely fast, cheaper than the iphone, you can switch out your memory cards, great battery life and a lot more. So far I am very happy with my galaxy. I still want an iphone though lol. Maybe one day :)http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0080DJ6CM/ref=as_li_ss_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=390957&creativeASIN=B0080DJ6CM&linkCode=as2&tag=amazon070f-20">Samsung Galaxy S III / S3 Unlocked GSM Smart Phone (Marble White)&lt;/a>&lt;img src=
cellphone|My headline pretty much sums up my review. This IS a great phone. Don't get me wrong. The 2-star rating isn't because it's a bad phone. It's because Apple basically did nothing to upgrade the 4S other than making it a pubic hair faster and re-designing it a bit to be slightly longer and lighter. That's it. The 4S is a great phone, the iPhone 5 is also great, but maybe, what, 2% better than the 4S? It's not worth it to upgrade, unless you have an iPhone 3 or something.Apple is a multi-billion dollar corporation for a reason. They're brilliant. They could have EASILY have given us tons of additional features that they have in their arsenal, but decided that enough people would buy the iPhone 5, based on the new design alone. The major hardware upgrades will come with the 5S next year, when we'll see a 12 megapixel camera, and various other big-time upgrades. And guess what? People who bought the 5 will immediately buy the 5S, because this one will actually have "must have" features. Apple's marketing and the way they mind-F their customers is absolutely brilliant. I'm not saying it's a bad thing -- it's genius.If you have a 4S, you're a sucker for getting the 5, bottom line. Shame on you if you already did. Thankfully, my wife got the 5 (upgraded from a 3, that was literally falling apart), so I have had plenty of time to play around with it and form an opinion. I will be keeping my 4S until the 5S comes out, probably this upcoming fall, and I'm sure the 5S will be revolutionary.
cellphone|For me de new IPhone 5 is a nightmare - the IPhone 4 was 10 time better a easy to use.
cellphone|just the way i expected to be , brand new with everything, every thing works perfect factory unlocked as it was on description, just perfect
cellphone|Exelente vendedor, exelente producto, puntual con el envio, telefono nuevo y liberado como lo describe el vendedor... Recomendado 100% en la comunidad
cellphone|the best phone ever.. so good.. i love it.. if you want an efficient smartphone think in iphone.. you can do everything, i manage all my life with my iphone..
cellphone|The iPhone's quality has once again been proven as many flock to Apple Stores to purchase the new device. I personally feel that while the iPhone has not added any drastic new features, it has almost perfected the ones that are familiar to past Apple customers. The device is very sleek and well-built. After two months of regular use, it still appears to be new. The screen is fingerprint resistant unlike many of the past iPhones. The camera is excellent (not to say that past iPhone's haven't been able to take good images). It can take panoramas--a very well done effort by Apple to take existing ideas from third party applications and perfect them. The main disadvantage of the iPhone 5 is the lack of good maps support. However, given that Apple is the most valuable company in the world, I am confident that it will spend a portion of its wealth to perfect iMaps in coming iOS updates.
cellphone|LOVE LOVE LOVE! 4 stars instead of five because of the price. Wait for the deal and check the trade in value of your current phone... I paid $10.23 for my iphone 5!
cellphone|nice product, the collors are nice and i really enjoy. hight quality product. not so cheap but i love it.
cellphone|When the iphone 5 came out for preorder i thought it was a must considering i am a huge fan of apple.Prior to my Iphone 5 i owned an iphone 4s like i said a huge fan of apple. Throught my year of owning this i experienced no problems. Yet with an IPhone 5 within the first month i faced multiple problems, my lock button refused to work so i went to apple returned it and they gave me a new one free of cost because my insurance covered it.This was now my second iphone 5, with this one i lost service constanstly, my phone would reset itself,and it wasnt as fast as my 4s was also wasnt as fast as it was presented to be. The lock button refused to work even at this point. i am now on my 3rd iphone 5 and have not yet faced any problems. if you were considering purchasing this i recommend a little more reseasrch and maybe just waiting on the new iphone to come out.
cellphone|Just one thing I have to say, this phone is amazing, no problem at all it was unloked ... just love it
cellphone|Es un Producto de calidad, he usados esta marca por varios a&ntilde;os, he comprado productos similares,el envio a sido puntual, Excelente Experiencias
cellphone|There was a scratch on the back. Other than that, it was pretty good, I'm in love with the phone.
cellphone|Excelente producto, me encanta apple y super rapido la entrega muy buen vendedor y muy segura la compra todo muy bien
cellphone|The only problem I have is that I bought a 16gb, and people think if you just use music that's all you need but it's not true, these days with apps and pictures, you can easily get past 16gb, so I always recommend to go beyond, and that was my mistake since I only plan to keep this until the iPhone 6 or better comes out.But the phone is great and I can't think of any issues.
cellphone|Muy r&aacute;pido la compra y en menos de 15 d&iacute;a ten&iacute;a el tel&eacute;fono y bueno gracias por ese buen vendedor
cellphone|Im From Venezuelan and i have to say, this phone is amazing, no problem at all and factory unlocked... just love it
cellphone|Superb phone works great and it's totally new!!The dealer is also a great man! Very helpful!In short great deal! Rated A++
cellphone|I was scared about buying this expensive cellphone online but it worth it 100% it works perfectly is faster great design the best smartphone ever!
cellphone|The iPhone 5 is epic for me. From its appearence to the hardware made me striving in order to possess it . now my dream was came true. I now has owned The magnificant iPhone 5. Thank Steve Jobs that invented this incorporation .
cellphone|Great phone other than the fact the connection jack for the headphones is loose and not well built. If I move or touch the phone while listening to music it shuts off or crackles if it works at all. First thought it was the headphones but discovered they work in my old iPhone, shame too cause the headphones are excellent quality. Planning on exchanging the phone for another, hoping its just a bad egg off the assembly line. Other than that no more complaints, Internet is real fast compared to 3G iPhone but for 700.00 bucks you would think the headphones would work !
cellphone|I tried the S3, it's no where near the quality of an iPhone in screen, camera and build. The S3 eventually slows down for some reason whereas the iPhone stays snappy! It's not a huge update from the 4S because it was already a great device.
cellphone|How stupid can this reseller think customers are?We can get the phone for 649$ at the apple store.How can anyone sell this for more?
cellphone|I went to an internet service provider store yesterday to look at the iPhone 5 with the ultimate intention of buying one. I checked what I was told there with a Mac Mall store. Here is what I discovered. A chain is only as strong as it weakest link. What is the weakest link in a cell phone? The battery. We know it will last about two years, at which time it must be replaced. You cannot replace an iPhone battery. The battery is an intragral part of the phone. This is also true with other smart phone brands. So, when the battery is dead, the phone is dead. It's junk. I was told by the Mac Mall store employee that Apple does not replace iPhone batteries. Your only option is to get a new phone. They also told me that if I could find a battery they would replace it. I asked where I might find one. They had no idea. There are apparently no after market batteries for even the 4. As I said this situation is also true for other smart phone brands. So, the bottom line is, iPhones and others, are really very expensive disposble phones.I'm buying a Samsung. You can replace the battery.If this story doesn't bother you, than enjoy your new disposable smart phone. Every two years. Maybe there's something to be said for that if you like new things.
cellphone|My first impression of the Iphone 5 when opening the box was &#34;what's the difference&#34; compared to the 4s. But in the first 5 seconds. I fell in love with it. The screen is beautiful and the the phone is so fluid. The size is perfect. It's like the best of both worlds combining size and weight. Talk about light weight, I could put it in the same pocket as my wallet and feel no difference ( I usually have a wallet pocket and a phone pocket). I live in the Bahamas so we only have 3g. This phone grabs at 3g, there is a big difference in speed compared to my 4s. I have tried the Samsung galaxy S3,and got tired of it after 20 minutes. I just don't like Android It's so hard to take seriously compared to apple ios, like a bad imitation. The size of screen is most perfect. It's true apple did put a lot of thought into it. Lastly speed, this phone is super fast in every way from internet, wifi, games. I mean you could sit down and watch the the phone charge to 100% in i think 10-15 minutes or less. The phone is a great investment. You wont be sorry.
cellphone|hello I'm from Venezuela and I buy the unlocked iphone 5 white and says you can only ship within the United States, if I buy from Venezuela did not come?
cellphone|Although there is no signficant improvement over 4S, lighter and thinner design is better. IOS and screen sensivity is still the best. Case is not comparable with galaxy 3s. If you dont need an advanture to return back to apple, go get it.
cellphone|People argue that this product is to expensive. Expensive? Its AMAZING. Love apple and iphones. TY steve jobs. TY for all.
cellphone|A little disappointed that the screen isn't much bigger, but here's the perks.Scratch resistant screen, double the RAM/memory to 1 GB, 40% faster processing speed in a dual-core, faster graphics card, better speakers, and lighter phone all around. Besides that, everything else is the same as the iPhone 4S. But it's a great phone, I love it, the apps load much quicker and I was desperate for the extra speed. I think that if the iPhone 5S does have an insane camera, double RAM again, increase the speakers, and make the phone a little bigger, just a LITTLE MORE bigger, then, I'll just stick with the 5 because it' an amazing phone.
cellphone|It's really brand new, with all accesories and factory unlocked, I use it in Honduras and have a exellent working! I love this!!
cellphone|llego antes del tiempo estipulado en muy buenas condiciones y el producto de muy buena calidad me alegra haber echo la compra.gracias
cellphone|This is: Genuine, Brand New ihpne5, in a Sealed Box, Qatband (woks will all GSM systems) !!! I advise it!
cellphone|i love it&#65292;the product is just as described and delivered very fast.it is a very pleasure experiencei am enjoying it now
cellphone|Estoy muy complacida con mi iPhone 5. El producto es tal cual lo describe el vendedor y la entrega es muy rapida. Ademas, responden rapido los correos brindando informaci&oacute;n y soporte en caso de necesitarlo, eso se agradece.
cellphone|I was in love with iphone 5 until I found out the screen is made of plastic not glass as used to be. I did not buy screen protectors since I tought it might affect the touch screen sensibility. I have it for few days and I noticed under the light my iphone was full of little scratches, then i found out this s*** was made of plastic not glass as used to be.I tought iphone 5 was supposed to be an upgrade not downgrande.what is the point of having HD video if the screen will be full of sratches.Steve Jobs is probably turning in his grave at the way these idiots are designing iphone5.
cellphone|I have had the iPhone 5 since the 2nd week of the launch, thanks to the early delivery of Apple!Right let's get to the point and straight! I am writing a lot more in comparison rather than re-introduce you to iPhone again, so most of my points are in comparison to the previous, the 4S.Better Speakers and Microphones:It has 3 mics now which are in front, back and bottom. The voice memo turns out to be a lot clearer, and sounds delivering to your caller is much improved as well. It does help on the Facetime sessions. More mics also mean that elimination of more noise and much noise-cancellation too.Faster, Period:The iPhone 5 is definitely faster than the 4S. Units are put in comparison and it does slide smoother and faster. I used to turn on so many apps and always forgot to close them until my phone become so slow. I haven't quite had the need to close the apps like I used to.New lightning connector is cool, and easy to plug:I have had bad luck with the old dock connector. At one point I ruined the connector of the old 3GS due to force connection to it. 2 of the pins broken so I have to sent to Apple for warranty. With the new lightning, you can connector front or back or it does not matter. It fits on either side so it is a Great improvement! However be prepared to pay more as they are no generic available yet, so make sure you keep yours with care for now!Better front facing camera:The front camera is now 720p, which deliver clearer video to your Facetime caller, or improving your photo quality for those of you who like to take self-portrait. The back camera is the same as 4S though, which is a 8MP with flash. The latest iOS6 enables panoramic photo-taking, which is my favorite!
cellphone|So I love Apple first of all, I own a macbook pro, iPod touch 5th gen, and an iPad with retina display. I am by no means an Android fangirl. I previously owned an LG Revolution *crickets* this was like the first 4G LTE phone Verizon came out with about 2 years ago. So it finally crapped out and I needed a new phone, my cell provider is Verizon and my plan was up in about 3 months. I've heard they do early upgrades for some extra $, so I called to see if this was at all possible. Apple policy does not permit the sale of their iPhone's before the actual date of upgrade! What kind of baloney is that?! Not at all a wise marketing strategy.The second complaint I have about this product is that (I know I might get a lot of guff for this) but the iPhone is vastly over rated, most people solely just buy it for the label name. I have handled this device and I can say that I'm not impressed. The screen is extremely small, I feel it is too small for my hands and cannot imagine viewing videos or even texting on this phone. As for style goes it is the same cookie cutter design Apple puts out every year, minimalistic but sleek. It is light as a feather, which depending on the user could be a good/bad thing. I don't think this phone would hold up to a drop test the same as my LG behemoth. iOS 6 is perhaps the only highlight of this device, but there are much cheaper ways of getting iOS 6 in your pocket, such as the iPod touch 5th generation.Needless to say I will not be buying this product., instead I am going with the Samsung Galaxy S3. From an Apple fan I am truly disappointed that Apple has put their product on a pedestal, and made it as inaccessible to the average consumer.
cellphone|The device is great. You know exactly what you are getting when purchasing it.The reason I rate it 4 stars is because iOS has yet to be updated to take advantage of the iPhone 5. iOS 7 will make this device even greater but by then we will have the 5s or 6.The device is ultra-durable. I have dropped it and it nothing has happened to it. I recommend the white one. Even though everyone says the black one is "sexy" the white device is much more clean and beautiful. Its prone less to fingerprints and scratches.I upgraded from the 4S to the 5 and the improvement is huge. If you use this daily for business then you will know what I am talking about. Everything feels smooth and quick. It is an almost perfect blend of hardware and software.
cellphone|I love the phoneis the best phone I've had , and arrived in perfect conditionsI have no complaints
cellphone|I switched from the HTC Evo to the IPhone 5 mostly due to all the glitches in the EVO and wanting to try something diff. However, after switching to the IPhone, I must say that I liked my Evo better. The buttons on the IPhone are too small and i have skinny fingers. Additionally, there are no arrows to edit a text message for example, if I misspell a word, I have to tap around the screen to move the cursor but it will only move to the beginning or end of the word. Therefore, if I misspell a word I have to delete the entire word. This is annoying to me bcz I could easily correct my mistake on my Evo and not have to retype the entire word. If you plan on contracting with sprint, the internet connection for the Ipjone 5 is absolutely horrible bcz they are switching to the LTE network, so if there is no LTE connection in your area you will only get 3G and not 4G, which is like not having internet bcz the spinning loading icon will do just that all day. As a result you may not get emails for 3+ days if you only check them from your phone. I know several people across different states with the same issue. Initially I could watch full episodes on VH1 from my Evo but not on my iPhone 5. Anyway absolutely nothing stands out to me with this phone bcz in my opinion, the Evo had better features and is more practical. Most people who think the iPhones are the best devices have likely never experienced what other phones have to offer bcz they have been on the iphone band wagon for years. I don't mean picking up a phone in a store and playing around with it, I mean actually using a different phone for months like I have. So anyone who would pay $1000s for this phone is a complete fool especially when u can just buy a computer and a better phone.
cellphone|Very fast, and very good. i like it! and this phone is model: A1429, i like A1429, very nice! i like it!
cellphone|The seller is enthusiastic to help. The phone works fine. Also works fine in other countries' GSM sim card.Satisfied with the service and the phone. Just get it if you want the unlocked one.
cellphone|I have an iphone 4, so this iphone 5 is really a good change for me. I believe that are better phones in the market (galaxi, sony xperia, etc). But all my tech stuffs are from apple so i'm a captive customer.I receive the original phone and arrive in time. If you love apple products this phone is for you.
cellphone|I am and always will be an avid supporter of Apple, despite their obscene prices & sometimes annoying level of arrogance in the world of marketing technology. Say what you will about Apple, there is no denying their superiority
cellphone|It arrive as advertised, open box with al extras, a few minor scratches at de edge, but none of the serious.
cellphone|I've owned iPhones since their first incarnation, and have until now almost always been pleased with the developments made to the next generation over the last, with the exception of the iphone 4 and the design fault that resulted in a complete drop of signal when held in your hand without a case on it (I still own 2 of them, don't believe the spin, they really do drop signal).The 4s is a great phone, quicker than the 4 and without the signal / aerial debacle.The iPhone 5 however is a disappointment.It's thinner apparently, not that you'd notice, especially as due to it's design you have to have it in a case to prevent it from being destroyed by everyday careful usage.But in order to make it thinner they had (so they say) to change the sync lead / charger lead connector to a new smaller design. If like me you have owned and continue to own previous versions of iPhones, iPods and iPads, and have several chargers, Docks, car connectors and car chargers etc then this new design is really frustrating.The real reason that Apple changed the design is surely so that everybody has to go out and buy outrageously overpriced adaptors or new leads. I have read that Apple pays less than $0.6 for these leads, yet charges it's customers £25.Apple have also put a microchip in their leads that the iPhone is set to recognise, without which they are rejected by the iPhone in order to prevent third party manufacturers from producing leads that work properly, hence all the terrible reviews for these 3rd party products.It's just another of Apple's underhand money making exercises at the customers considerable inconvenience and expense.It's taller than the iPhone 4s. Some may like this, but I don't. The 4s sits comfortably in your hand and my thumb can reach the top of the screen on the 4s without having to change the position in my hand. I have bigger than average hands too.It is faster than the 4s, only a little, but it is faster. But this is the only improvement in my eyes.Battery life is poor, another sacrifice made to the god of (pointless) thinness. It feels cheaper and flimsier than the 4s too.Maps are a mess. Google maps was so much better on the 4 and 4s.Instead of this ridiculous connector fiasco, why couldn't we have kept the old and perfectly good connector and had wireless charging too? The technology is there, and would be a great improvement over the current system.A more robust design would be nice so that they didn't have to live in cases, and a dust and moisture resistant design would be very welcome.iCloud is fantastic, and so I can't imagine changing phones to another manufacturer until someone else comes out with something at least as good as iCloud.But when they do, I'll be more than happy to switch allegiance, despite twenty years as a loyal Apple customer.Apple can only push their customers so far, and I'm becoming more and more fed up with the way Apple is treating it's customers with regard to their infuriating thinness campaign with their phones, iPads, MacBook Pros and iMacs, at the expense of functionality and in a blatant attempt to corner the market and limit customers buying choices in terms of leads, adaptors, connections, music purchasing, app purchasing etc, as are many many other people.Apple is a great brand and has produced many fantastic products, but the iPhone 5 is not the leap ahead from the 4s that customers had hoped for, and this coupled with frustration and expense incurred by the connector design and the thinness over battery life and durability make it for me a 2 star product.If you own the 4s I'd suggest hanging on to it and waiting until Autumn for the next hopefully much improved iPhone, or Samsung, or whoever the Apple slayer will be.
cellphone|I was expecting this to be much more of an upgrade! I decided to give this phone to my grandma and get the galaxy s3
cellphone|I love this phone, is that Apple is already considered quality I have in my hands, the user experience and try to open it for the first time is exciting to recommend to all
cellphone|I love this phone, the battery life is kind of iffy but for a phone that does so much, it is kind of expected.
cellphone|expensive but let's face it, it's certainly woth it. well made and happy to have the unlocked version. still recommend it
cellphone|this item was lock, even due I ask that I need an unlocked phone, the lock was from sprint and I especifficly by mail that I need an unlock phone before the purchase
cellphone|I preordered 2 iphones, a black one for me and a white one for my sister-in-law. The white one arrived at the store first so I went to pick it up. Played with it for about an hour and it was enough for me to go back to sprint and cancel mine (went on and got the GS3). Gave it 2 stars for its design but there's no way in hell the iphone is better than the GS3. All you iphone users have been brainwashed by apple. By the way...you better buy insurance on the iphone because if you don't, apple just stick it up your rear end again. A broken screen will cost you $225 at the apple store.
cellphone|This Smartphone is an expensive toy - but not a business tool at all. The problem is that there is no email flexibility that comes even close to a Blackberry. The iPhones have a critical design flaw that may be done on purpose to promote the use of more data by phone carriers because of IMAP syncing.1) You cannot receive Gmail to both your Gmail on your computer and your iPhone unless you choose IMAP. If you choose IMAP your phone always needs an internet connection to synchronize and view Gmail account. So your phone is always hunting and reloading stupidly - eating up data and slowing you down.2) If you create a new gmail account on the iPhone and have your main Gmail forward to your new iphone gmail, this only takes care of incoming messages, because you cannot "send as" using your main Gmail account. This is unbelievable.3) Often - when we configure company emails with the iPhone, the iPhone will receive emails, but the iPhone will not send. This is not user error - as we checked this 30 times before stating it here, all of our outgoing smtp servers were correct. Still not working!4) The iPhone has to hunt for messages - while other superior and reliable email server systems like the Blackberry RIM network pushes out emails to your device nearly instantly.5) Remember for those of you who write lengthy emails, the Blackberry user can type long fluent messages quickly with fewer errors and even with text assist to fix your mis-types - the iPhone is super slow and frustrating for the serious typist/message writers.6) No other alternative email clients (apps) can address these issues either.Bite the bullet - save the money and stay with your Blackberry if you email is the most important business tool. I am giving my iPhone 5 32GB to my wife and trying a Samsung Galaxy 2S. If that doesn't work - I go back to the Blackberry. I cannot waste 3 days plying with iPhone configurations only to find out there are no solutions because of operating system design flaws.
cellphone|Hello, I bought the iphone 5 sent it to a friend of mine in Washington DC, I am currently living in Argentina.When she bought it home a week after and I tested it, the phone is not working properly and I am having lots of trouble with the botton in the front below the screen that enables you to change from one program to the next is not working.I can't believe that the seller would offer broken merchandise saying it is new.Regards
cellphone|I'm reviewing the iPhone 5, not the $1000 iPhone 5 sold here. I bought it via AT&T for the upgrade price of $199. So price is not the issue here.Love the phone. Hate the battery life. I'm on my 2nd phone and something clearly is wrong. There are loads of people complaining about the battery life on the Apple support forums. It is not clear yet whether it is a hardware or iOS problem, but I can say for sure that this phone does not get HALF the battery life my iPhone 4 had....and I have "babyed" it by completely draining the battery and re-charging, turning off WiFI when not in use, turning off LTE & bluetooth when not in use, turning off iCloud passport, turning off email push notifications, NONE of which I had to do on the 4 (except the 4 didn't have passport or LTE). But still, you get the idea.Apple claims the longer battery life is one of the bonuses of this phone. Nothing could be further than the truth for me and many users. I personally have spoken to 4 people who have the issue. Another handful report not having the issue which is good. But 50:50 rate of success is too poor a ratio IMO.I've spent somewhere around 16 hours troubleshooting this with Apple, taking my first one in for a new phone, setting up a new phone for the 2nd time FROM SCRATCH and believe me I'm not happy about this. I've set up twice as new, done hard boots, you name it with tech support.And still, today I surfed Facebook a bit, made a few calls totalling no more than 5 minutes. The phone Usage indicator says I used the phone for more than 5 hours!!! Impossible. Charge was at 100% this morning and with that small amount of use...really...totalling less than one hour...I'm at 10% battery.While the AppleCare representatives are all polite and knowledgeable, I find it especially hard to stomach the scripts they are all taught to say...basically discounting the trouble you are having. You can tell they HAVE to say these things.I really hope hubris doesn't undo Apple, but if this iPhone5 issue and the Apple Maps fiasco is any indicator, they are really on their way down. I read a Wall Street Journal article today regarding the gains Amazon, Samsung and Google are making on Apple.I don't want to see Apple fail because I really like their products. I think they need to get a clue when it comes to not making their customers PAY THEM to BETA TEST. My rate is $29.00/hr. At that rate by my caluclations, they owe me a full refund plus some hourly wages for all the work I've put into this...and STILL NO SUCCESS. For all my trouble I am actually going to ask them for a credit to my account and yeah you can just go on laughing...me too. But I'm going to ask.If I hadn't already passed my 4 onto my son I would take it back. The only reason I upgraded in the first place is because I don't like using a smartphone out of warranty -- too afraid of data loss. So I went for the 5.BOO HISS APPLE.In sum, here's my advice: If you have already bought one and your battery life is not good...take it back and keep taking it back until you get a good one. MAKE SURE THE BATTERY CHARGE IS AT 100% OUT OF THE BOX when you first charge it up. IF NOT, DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME AND ASK FOR ANOTHER PHONE THAT HAS A 100% CHARGE. There is anecdotal evidence that the ones that are not showing up in the box at 100% are the problem phones.SECONDLY, IF YOU HAVE NOT ALREADY TAKEN THE PLUNGE ON THE iPHONE 5, WAIT 6 MONTHS UNTIL (IF) APPLE RESOLVES THIS PROBLEM. The rate of poor battery reports is too high to take the risk, IMO.Hope this helps,**UPDATE***Next day: after talking with Apple Care last night and getting approval, went to the Apple Store today and swapped out the phone for a new one (which was 66% charged out of the box). The guy at the Genius Bar said he thinks its the apps I was using responsible for the battery life. (I had a lot of them on my 4 and the same ones on the 5). He said the apps may have not caught up to the new iOS yet. I'll leave the discussion on who I think is to blame for that for another time. At any rate he came up with 3 or 4 apps from the log which showed crashes. He asked me to restore the phone from new (again) and rebuild it.We left the Apple store and the battery was at 66%. We drove across the highway to another store. Before we could even go in the store the battery had gone to 61%. We turned around and went back to the Apple Store in the mall. By that time the battery was at 59%.Mind you, none of my apps were on this phone. They had just set it up. Talked with a technician and he said it is fine to have 66% battery new in the box and that this sort of battery life loss (7% within 10 minutes) was to be expected on a new phone. He said when I charged it up again it should do better. OK I'm skeptical, but will report back.Meanwhile here I go rebuilding a phone again.One thing I can say is that at least I'm becoming more convinced that this is a software issue and not a hardware issue. A combination of iOS 6 and also apps that iO6 no longer likes (thank you Apple).Also today on Facebook I had two people reply to my post about this that they had new iPhones and their battery was dying before the end of the day. They were suprised at the poor battery life. I also had a friend with a relatively new 4S say the same thing...which leads me to believe it is Apple's new OS that is causing these problems.My last strategy if it doesn't get better is to wipe almost all apps off the phone and just use it as a dumb phone. With a beautiful screen. Hopefully it won't get to that point. If I can remember to I'll come back and post what happened.
cellphone|Iphone 5 is the most expensive smartphone and no where near the best phone. I think I would only get it if you are locked into apple's ecosystem and don't know how to get out. Which is how apple gets away with making a mediocre phone and charging a high price.
cellphone|Delivered on time, brand new and unlocked. My only complain is when I tried to register, the iPhone was registered to another AppleID.I need to register my iPhone
cellphone|I had all the iphone since the 2g and this model is the best, fast and easy to use, incredible screen, fast pics, HD video... Great. Just love it...
cellphone|Excellent product that came very fast to me.The product was new, in the box with all the original acessories.
cellphone|Everything is great with my new IPhone 5 except one thing ... I can't figure out how to take a photograph of my IPhone, with my IPhone. I don't want to use a mirror because then everything will be backwards. Each time I turn the IPhone towards itself to take its' photo, it turns out of the way. It seems to have some sort of spatial problem I can't quite figure out, but it is very frustrating. Is there an app for this?
cellphone|All good, excelent and very easy to work with, is light... i little large but great quality, great graphics, A1
cellphone|The iPhone 5 makes the iPhone 4 look like the original iPhone with its 4" Retina display, its powerful A6 dual-core proccesor, its brand new iOS 6 software and iCloud.Whats In The Box:iPhone 5 (Black or White)Apple EarPods with remote and microphoneAll New Lightning CableFingertipsDesign School:This amazing creation of Apple's has a 4" improved retina display, All new LTE service with ultrafast wireless, One of the fastest proccesors to date, the A6 chip, It has the phenomenal Siri on its side and Facetime 3G or Wifi,Say Cheese:The iPhone 5 includes a 8 MP rear-facing camera and a 2 MP front-facing camera with 1080p HD video recording.
cellphone|i got this phone for my mom after her previous iPhone got stolen she loves it, it really feels better in the hand and allot fasterthe camera is amazing
cellphone|It does everything well. I don't agree with the bad reviews other then price. There is a reason people pay more for the iPhone.
cellphone|The problem with Apple products is the absolute abismal customer care for their products. For the product price, you'd expect more than to have your account disabled with no reason provided. "Your Apple ID has been disabled." That's all you get. Just Google it! I spent hours going through the reviews of people trying to find out how to get their accounts reinstated. Finally, I found the link. No number to call. I was told to reset the user name and password. Done! No good. Work week starts. Phone goes back on the backburner. Try again a few days later. Same results, but someone emails me back this time. Tells me to go to the "provided" link and try again. Done! Same result. Someone else emails me. I changed my credit card info some time ago. That was it. I need to go to the ITUNES store and manage my account. Oh. That sends me back to reset my account yet again. I did manage to stumble across a number, finally. 1-800-myapple. I call it. A virtual person answers the phone. Had to find my serial number. 40 minutes later, yes, I timed it, a human answers the phone. He's friendly. He confirms my serial number and apologized for my wait. Apparently they can tell how long I've been on the phone too. Bad news. He has to forward me to the security folkes. Looks like that is going to take another 20 minutes. Do I mind waiting? Oh. I could be grading papers or doing something productive, but why not. Let's wait! That's where I am now in fact ...still waiting...58 minutes and 24 seconds later...I just don't think apple products are worth it. The apps are what makes them productive and fun, but when they cancel your account, you can't update your apps and you certaintly can't add new ones. I can't help but wonder how many people are out there whose Apple products simply aren't working all because the customer service is so bad. I suppose the 1 hour and 6 minutes I've been waiting now should provide a clue. My first apple rep--I haven't spoken to the second one yet, told me there's a lot of people trying to get their accounts fixed. By the way, if you call Apple with your cell phone, make sure you plug it into your charger. Otherwise, you will need to go find it around 1 hour and 10 minutes. OK, I'm still waiting on that second person to answer the phone, so I think I will go provide Apple a few more reviews. Time now 1 hour and 19 minutes...and counting.
cellphone|The previous iPhones have a feature called GROUP MMS, which lets you send and receive all comments from a text sent to a group list. But it would only work if both you and your friends had iPhones with the GROUP MMS feature turned on.With the new iPhone5, your recipients don't need to have GROUP MMS on for it to work! They don't even need an iPhone - they're already in the chat! Do you know what this means?This means that if you don't turn off your iPhone5's GROUP MMS setting, and I receive chat responses from you, I'm going to post your goddamn phone number all over Amway's 'Opportunity - Potential Customer' blogs. I don't have unlimited texting on my phone, and if you start costing me money because you left the REPLY ALL setting on for your extended chat with my friend about cute things that your cat does, there will be hell to pay.
cellphone|iPhone 5 is the best "smartphone" on the market. The Apple brand not only brings a professional quality to your life but also provides numerous outlets for support while allowing you to protect your information with free software updates and virus protection. The iPhone 5 has become one of the most well known phones and has made an impact, not only on the smartphone market, but also on everyday consumers that have purchased one. Once you have tried using the iPhone 5 it is easy to see why it has an edge on all of the other competitors. The numerous reasons why the iPhone 5 is so popular and common is because of the user friendly software and unique features that are preinstalled and the availability of almost anything your mind can imagine. The iCloud is a great feature included with the iPhone 5. The iCloud feature is part of the iOS software system that comes with your iPhone 5. You are able to also download iCloud on other Apple devices you own and can save and access any data uploaded to the Cloud from any of your devices. With iCloud your files are saved on Apple's servers which are similar to using an online e-mail, only you can save so much more than text documents. If you are using iCloud with your Apple devices then your information is automatically saved when you are in range of wi-fi services. The reason this is important is because if you accidentally delete a file you need you can go into iCloud and retrieve the file. This makes sure you don't have to worry about losing the information on your phone. With iCloud you can now save time and space on your devices without having to worry about tedious file transfers between your phone and your computer. Another option with iCloud is being able to have your music with you whenever you need it, no matter what Apple device you are currently on. When deciding if the Iphone 5 is the smart-phone for you iCloud is just one of the features that makes that decision easier.Another fantastic option the iPhone 5 offers is its panorama feature in the camera setting. Panorama is defined in many phrases such as, unbroken view, whole region, and wide view. It now allows the user to take multiple pictures and the iPhone will put it all together into one larger scaled photo. For example if you are taking a picture of a bridge and you want to capture the entire architecture, you can. When you open the camera application on the phone, select options and tap on "Panorama", once the setting has been applied you can take the entire picture. The option allows for you to scroll the phone left to right and as you do so the iPhone is taking multiple pictures and combining them into one large image. FaceTime is an amazing feature that is preinstalled on your iPhone 5, no need to set up a special account or screen name, which saves you time right from the beginning. The Facetime feature allows you to make video calls with anyone you choose and the iPhone's front facing camera allows for your friends and family to see you while you chat with them. Apple's software makes using the Facetime feature flow seamlessly with calls by allowing you to just tap a button while in a phone call and switching to Facetime. This feature can even be utilized in the corporate environment with conference calls, saving your company time and money. And now Facetime can be used anywhere, with Apple updating the app so that you can stream your video calls over your cellular service and are not limited to just using wi-fi. Features like Facetime can help add the finishing touch to your decision on purchasing an iPhone. In today's market there are so many choices with smartphones that it can be difficult to make a decision. When doing research on the top selling phones on the market the iPhone 5 stands out with more apps, features and overall performance. Other phones like the iPhone's leading competitor, the Samsung Galaxy S3 have some features that are not included with the Iphone 5. For starters, the Galaxy S3 has different software and therefore doesn't make you conform to Apple's unique methods of use. Also, some features, like the popular "S-beam", allows you to transfer files with the tap of your Galaxy S3 phone to another Galaxy S3 phone, which brings file sharing to a whole new level. While you can get this feature on your iPhone 5 with an app created to do this, some people like the convenience of having it pre-set and not having to worry about downloading an app. Another feature that can be troublesome with the iPhone 5 is that the battery cannot be easily changed out for a new one when it does not hold a charge as well as it once did (and changing the battery voids your warranty). Phones like the Galaxy S3 do allow for the capability to change out their batteries so you can have consistent battery power when you need it. The pros of the iPhone 5 seem to outweigh the cons of the Galaxy S3 but it all depends on what you want in a phone.
cellphone|This phone is not unlock I been dealing with the ATT people for over a week and still fighting with them, like I said THIS PHONE IS LOCK don't waste your $$ and time.
cellphone|If you buy this phone on amazon or anywhere else for the $1000+ price tag, your just a fool. This phone is great, but only slightly better than the 4S which also runs ios6. The iPhone 5 has a bigger screen which is useful, a slightly better processing chip, and that's about it. If you don't own an iphone, getting a 4 or 4S is a better deal since will cost you like 40% less but is only like 10% inferior to the iphone 5.More importantly, on top of that, do you guys think Apple is stupid? They will soon enough come out with iphone 5 unlocked to sell at their stores. They are only selling it with carriers at the moment so the carriers can make money and therefore Apple makes money because carriers pay Apple to do that. But just like the iphone 4S, the iphone 5 will soon be sold unlocked at a retail price of about $650.00Be patient people, don't be desperate and overpay for an unlocked iphone 5, IT'S A PHONE FOR CRYING OUT LOUD, a phone that will be worth HALF of what you bought it here for in less than a year, yes, BELIEVE that. Don't be foolish.
cellphone|Warning: My reviews are thorough, straight forward, and to the point...I am and always will be an avid supporter of Apple, despite their obscene prices & sometimes annoying level of arrogance in the world of marketing technology. Say what you will about Apple, there is no denying their superiority when it comes to the quality & capabilities of their products. When I picked up my first iphone in 2008 (a 3GS), I fell in love with the simplicity of Apple iOS & just how easy it is to navigate. Since then, I've owned the 4, the 4s, & now the 5. At this point, Needless to say, I'm accustomed to iOS & trying to use phones with other operating systems like Android & Windows gives me the worst headache you could imagine.Now down to the dirty side of this review. Yes, I gave the iphone 5 five stars. Why? Because it does everything it claims to do. It has a slightly faster processor, slightly larger screen, & better resolution than its predecessor. The screen quality, imho, is its best asset. I will not judge the quality of the phone by how much it costs like a large percentage of other reviewers, because it is completely irrelevant in making a fair assessment of the phone itself. Besides that fact, it is pretty comparable in price to any other similar smartphone that you would buy outright without a contract. Want an iPhone but don't want to pay half a grand? Get a contract like I did & stop whining....Moving on to the dirty, this will probably be my last iPhone purchase for a while. Why? As I've come to realize with age, shelling out $200 every single year over an upgrade to a phone that has had little to no significant changes is beyond ridiculous. Most do it for the sake of saying they own the latest iPhone. Some do it for the sake of spending money. Either way, My advice would be to not fall into the conformities of society. Buy the 4s or 5 (which are practically the same darn phone) slap an Otter box or other brand of thick protector on it (it'll live longer, trust me) & vow to hold out until Apple steps it up an acceptable amount of notches. And honestly, at this point in their game, I don't see that happening for a while. It's a vicious money cycle with Apple and I'll be the first to say...I will not be buying the inevitable & sure to come: iPhone 5s at the end of the year. Unless it can wash my clothes, cook my dinner, & read me a bedtime story....(-_-)
cellphone|I've owned the iPhone 4,Samsung Galaxy S3, and have tried the HTC Evo and Samsung Note, and was weary to upgrade to the iPhone 5. Apple delivered, but some say they delivered to little and I agree.The price is stupidly high and the larger screen size was not reason alone for me to upgrade, but Once I picked it up it fit perfectly in my hand and just felt right. Unlike my iPhone 4 which I though was a bit small (hence why I bought S3) this really gives the S3 a run for its money. Let me start by going over the design.&#991;DESIGN&#991;For all those upgrading from an old iPhone or an android, when you pick this up you will notice how incredibly light this phone is. Some say that this is a fault, and makes the phone feel cheap, but I don't feel that at all. Despite its lightness, It feels like it is built tough and is truly designed to last. The 4" screen was a great move by Apple, its not too big like the Note, but its not too small, like some say the iPhone 4 was. The screen doesn't intrude my ability to thumb away at all my applications with ease, which was one of the faults of the Samsung Note. Depending on your hand size and finger length, it may be hard to reach the power button without adjusting your hand position. I had no trouble with this but when I handed this to a friend, she was fumbling to hit the power button and slide to unlock without first adjusting her hand position several times. Turning the phone over you will notice the 2 tone effect on the bad which is visually stunning and feels incredible to the touch. The Glass on the back is meant to complement the front's strong Gorilla Glass screen, which it does perfectly. One of the main problems I always hear and encounter is dropping the iPhone 4, and whoops, the back cracked. This no longer happens, Apple clearly took time into making a tougher exterior without sacrificing pure beauty in the design. One major problem was the edges seemed to get minor dents just from being in my pocket and having it on the table. This can easily be solved with any case but was disappointed how that problem still occurred. Apple then solves another problem that some users experienced, drop calls. I immediately noticed a stronger signal and a more precise GPS lock on when using Google's and Apple's map software. The Headphone Jack was also moved to the bottom left of the phone which I thoroughly appreciated. The lightning port is wonderful once you make the switch since it feels more sturdy and no worries on what way to plug it in, but having to buy an extra $100 worth of plugs is annoying. You can always buy an adapter if you have a speaker system designed for the old ipod/iphone but that gets annoying after a short time. The Front Facing Camera was moved to the top-middle of the screen which makes Face Time look much more natural. The Home Button also underwent some modification since it feels much more robust. The phone feels much more natural in my hand compared to some other phones I have tried and still feels strong despite its lightness.&#991;DISPLAY&#991;I compared my iPhone 5 right next to my iPhone 4, 4s, Samsung Galaxy S3, and a HTC Evo. The difference in quality, brightness, and crispness is apparent immediately next to the old iPhones and HTC, but it doesn't seem better then the S3. For watching movies, I would choose my S3 10 out of 10 times versus this iPhone. Despite that, the 4" display and the crisp and bright display make this a very close second to the S3. With the bigger screen, people may expect typing to be easier, but its really not. I still get the cramped feeling. The taller display allows more information to be seen on web pages and while reading, but many Applications haven't been updated yet making it feel useless. Even after getting scores of updates to better fit the iPhone, over half of my Applications still are playing catch up. This problem is said to be fixed by the end of the year as more and more developers realize they need to fix it.&#991;INTERFACE&#991;I wont go over IOS 6 or anything of that nature because that is a completely different review. The 4" screen boasts an extra row of Applications which makes my home screen feel much more natural. I truly enjoy this software over my Android counterparts but that is simply a matter of preference. The Screen also adds extra space when pulling down notifications. I can now see the weather, my calender, a couple text messages, and maybe an email or 2 without any troubles at all! One thing I miss from moving from my S3 and my Windows 8 Desktop are the live tiles. Sure the Calender is technically a 'live' tile but Windows 8 and Android seemed to perfect it leaving Apple to play catch up.&#991;HARDWARE&#991;The A6 Chip is dual core and doesn't disappoint. I thought Apple would go all in with a quad-core, but they stuck with a Dual Core Processor, and I understand why. Geekbench tested the hardware and they concluded it was twice as fast as the iPhone 4s (which I don't feel it is), but I don't disagree with how truly powerful the phone is. The phone boots in less then 30 seconds which is impressive compared to my iPhone 4, HTC Evo, and even Samsung Galaxy S3. Another reason Apple stuck with the Dual Core is that a Quad Core would put a damper on the battery life, which the iPhone really doesn't need considering I can't remove the battery. The Multi-Tasking is really good, just as I expected, and works just as well as it does on my iPad 3.&#991;BATTERY&#991;I was expecting, like many people, a removable battery to offset the not too good battery life. This wish was not granted, but I don't really mind. I haven't really encountered any problems, I use my phone to make some calls, listen to music, and text throughout the day, with the occasional gaming break. The phone could easily handle all of this without needing a recharge.The Verdict:It is really hard to dislike an iPhone but this really seems to missing something. It is missing that undefinable quality that makes me want to stand for hours waiting inline to be the first one to get the awaited iPhone. I am going to keep this iPhone, but am going to be using my Galaxy S3.
cellphone|Pro:The best phone !Fancy design.Light weight.Bigger Screen.Everything is better than 4S.Con:Pricy. You can get same one in ebay for $770.If you are T-mobile user --> You should get A1428 model ( Not A1429 model.).T-mobile will use ATT spectrum for LTE in the USA.If you get this model (A1429) for T-mobile, U will be stuck with 3G only!!!! Be aware!!!!!!!!
cellphone|After flip-flopping between all major mobile electronics OS's I have come to love iOS. The design of the system is not perfect, but nonetheless it gets the job done quickly and without hassle. In a mobile communications device you expect two main things, one of which is consistency in operation. My iphone 5 does that well, If i need to make a phone call it gives me ways to do that quickly. Even while im in a call the options to hold, remind, and merge calls is fantastic. Simple tasks that i felt android and blackberry made too difficult. On the hardware side of things my iphone can handle most multimedia applications with no problem, and the retina screen makes them that much more enjoyable. Some say that the OS is restrictive, that is true but with restriction you gain consistency and the peace of mind knowing things that are meant for the iphone will just work. Apple has come a long way from the original iphone that lacked even MMS. With iMessage, your messages are synced across iDevices and make for sms between iDevices flawless. Except, when the service is down, which has happened several times over the past few months. Even with this the iphone can switch to regular text messaging. The camera on the iphone is nice, still doesnt replace a dedicated camera, but for something that you put in your pocket, it does the job really well. My only gripe would be the materials used to manufacture the 5. The anodized aluminum is prone to scratching and necessitates a case. I got mine from amazon for only $9. And it only adds ~4mm of thickness and my iphone looks brand new after a little over 2 months of constant use. Battery life is acceptable, putting my late Epic 4g to shame by lasting a constant 18-20 hours on a single charge with an average of 7-8hrs of constant use. Overall i give this phone 4 out of 5 stars as the material it is made with is prone to scratching, but honestly that is my only gripe.
cellphone|I never wrote any review. This is my first time because I was so disappointed about my iPhone 5. I am a huge fan of iPhone and never go with anything else. I am using a MacBook Pro, and owned a MacBook Air. I was excited to wait for iPhone 5. First, I love the new design. The weight is light, and the phone looks just so elegant compare to the 4 and 4S. I love the white color, and of course, the screen and its contrast is much better than the Samsung Galaxy Note 2 (my hubby using the Note 2, switched from iPhone 4S). So, 2 stars because of the design. The disappointed part came from the signal. I got no wi-fi signal in my house, although I stand next to my router. My 4 and the Note 2 got full bar of signal. But that's not the end of the story. Last week I had some follow up with my dentist and my doctor. None of them could get a hold of me. They even asked me, when I called back, which is the good number to call me because they'd tried so many time but got my voice mail (and if the voice mail is from the morning, it will never show up in my phone until afternoon or late evening). Guess what, there was no signal/no service in my office which never happened to my iPhone 4 nor the Note 2, or any other phone everyone used in there. Only 2 people did not have any signal at all, me and my boss who just got the iPhone 5 as well. No wi-fi, no service, and no 4G. I felt like I was isolated in an island during 9 hours at work a day. Not that, the signal got lost when I was on the road, too.I went to Apple store thinking of exchanging another phone, so I brought the 4 and Note 2 with me just showing them I got issue with signal, not that I want something "new in the box" for re-sales or anything. They told me it's a known issue and all the phone would be the same. We did a test. 5 Apple staff carried 5 iPhone 5 and me stepping out of the store. We all stood like 3-4 stores from the Apple store. Guess what? None of their iPhone 5 got any wi-fi signal nor the 4G works. My iPhone 5 got 1 bar, but it went on and off, my 4 got 2 bars, and the Samsung Note got full bar! So they proved to me nothing was wrong with my phone. I even got some sort of signal while they did not at all.I am back to my iPhone 4 now and returned the 5. AT&T tried to sell me the Galaxy S3, but because I always support Apple, I did not want to use Samsung. Since I am back to iPhone 4, I got service, signal, 3G, wi-fi.. everything in my office, at the gym, at home, or anywhere I go.
cellphone|Let me start off by saying I purchased the iPhone 5 and after fully using it, returned it after 14 days.I've owned the 3G, 4, 4S, and the 5, before dumping it for another 4S.To me, the 5 did not have enough of an advantage over the 4S, and indeed had some new negatives.1. Dozens of accumulated chargers suddenly worthless.2. Battery life no better than 4S, which could use more capacity already.3. Headset jack on the bottom is REALLY SENSELESS.4. The phone's lightness is good when in the pocket, but not good while holding. This is in part due to it's awkard length to width ratio.5. Picture aspect ratio. Again, the length to width ratio is just weird. I consider it either too long for its width or too narrow for its length. This affects not just the feel in the hand, but the aspect ratio of pictures taken.After seeing a demonstration of S-Voice, I no longer think Siri is the only game in town. So with this unexcpected lackluster model from Apple, I think it's a good time to switch brands.On the plus side, the new charger is easier to connect to the phone because it's reversible, and the headset is better than previous iPhones'. (Even users of older iPhones should consider buying the new headset, it makes a difference.)
cellphone|I decided to skip the iPhone 4S and made the leap to a refurbished iPhone 5 from AT&T. On February 5, 2013, I received the iPhone 5 and upgraded to iOS 6.1, which went smoothly. After the iPhone rebooted, the screen immediately started to transition to a white haze contrast every 5-10 minutes. I figured it was a faulty display, so I took the iPhone to an Apple Store nearby and they exchanged it. I was handed a new iPhone 5 and was very excited. After installing iOS 6.1 on my new iPhone everything went smoothly. I love the iPhone 5 and all it has to offer, especially the ability to use AirPlay. Having had the iPhone 3G & 4, I must say that using the iPhone 5 with the latest firmware 6.1.2 is horrible. I had a better experience using the iPhone 3G and 4. I am a Certified IT Specialist and is having the following issues: Wi-Fi connectivity is very poor, email loads very slowly, the App Store downloads are still slow, Apps take a long time to load, battery lasts about a day... to name a few. I know its not the iPhone; but the software. I hope Apple addresses these issues among others with their new iOS release 6.1.3. I have the best iPhone to date, just a not so good iOS to complement it.
cellphone|It is funny how some iphone supporters rave this phone with only the fact that it has a bigger screen, the earphone jack is on the bottom, wow! And they also try and justify that Apple is smart because they wanted to stay with a smaller screen than the competitors because it keeps it manageable with one hand and a bigger screen is not better. Well partially true, but the elongated screen makes it awkward to reach the upper and lower parts of the screen with one handed operation also. So kind of an invalid argument there. Smaller screen more scrolling, harder to see, easier to use with one hand. Bigger screen less scrolling, easier to see may need two hands to operate. Different strokes for different folks. Battery argument isn't realistic or fare to compare between a phone with a way larger screen. Apple fans claim it is the best iphone ever! Yeah it maybe the best iphone ever, but not by much. And it may be the best iphone, but not the best phone.Let's see..what does iphone have that others don't. Bigger screen? No. Customizable screen? No. Smaller screen on the iphone without the ability to customize it makes it busy and a confusing mess with all the app. icons crammed onto the screen, and worse if you have a background set onto it to add to the mess. Nicer screen? Not by much. Also you don't really get the full use of the 4 inch display because just like the ipads, the screen dimensions are not optimized for full screen viewing of certain media. So you still get those black bars either on top or on the sides. And not all of the iphone apps. are updated to utilize the full screen yet. Another thing also is that when you surf the web, you get the settings bar displayed on the bottom of the screen also, which takes up useable screen space, unlike some phones that have dedicated keys on the bottom edge and make use of it not like the iphone where it just has one button and wastes all that space on the top and bottom. You get two thick borders, and I don't see how some say it is a nice looking phone. Faster? Not by much where it would matter or noticeable. And that is where the majority of iphone reviewers focus on. It is only faster by a fraction of a second if that. They make it sound like it was blazingly faster than everything else and that's all they basically use as an argument and nothing else, like features. And also it is a waste of a more powerful processor and wonderful platform etc. if you can't do much on it. Comes in black or white? Ooh! Really? Black and white? Drop test survival and sleekish looks? Most phones go into cases anyways so kind of a moot point. Memory slot to expand memory? No, competitors had it for years. Usb and not proprietary cable? No. Simple drag and drop files instead of using software? No. People say that the iphone is easier to use than Android? How is it easier if you have to connect it to a computer to convert music and video using software all the time? Yes it is easier for those that buy the next generataion iphone everytime a new model comes out because it is basically the same phone as previous that you are used to using for years. If you don't like change and learning new features or having choices, then the iphone is for you. Flash support? No. Competitors have it and you can watch everything instead of a dead spot on your web page. Easily customizable screens? No. Swappable battery? No. Favorite contacts list on screen? No. Place the phone in sleep mode and allowing only certain calls to get through? Competitor had it already and you can set a time frame for it. Better maps? No. Competitors better. Although no one could beat the Garminfone I had before, because it was a "real gps", and it didn't need to rely on a data signal to function fully like everyone with the exception of Nokia. But that's another story. Hmmm..oh wait, I know. You can multitask now just like competitors have been able to do for years now. No, wait. That isn't it. You can only multitask with the iphone with only a few applications. Like listening to the music player. And if you want to surf the web while on a call, you can only do it through wifi depending on which carrier you have. What the heck? I paid for an expensive wonderful phone along with outrageous minutes and a data plan but I have to look for a wifi connection to use it? I'm sorry that is not multitasking.The android apps are pretty much caught up to iphone's. Just about all the competitors use android and only iphone uses iphone apps. Same goes for tablets and even the competitors tablets offer more than the ipads.For example the Samsung Galaxy S3 has everything the iphone 5 has and more. Heck, you can even transfer files between the phones wirelessly, link up with compatible phones and do a presentation between the phones or beam everything onto a compatible tv, set the phone up with other compatible phones where everyone that is synced within the group to receive pictures that any of you take on the fly. Sure iphone fans will say well not everyone has a S3 and everyone has an iphone. Well not true, because a lot of people are buying the S3 and the people that have the iphone's do not have any of these features to enjoy. And Samsung is also selling a lot of t.v's that are compatible with the features or you can buy a converter unit to hook up to any t.v. with a usb port if need be. I have a Sony google t.v. that I didn't need to do anything special to, and I can send my pictures via wifi onto the t.v. Not like apple where they will change little things here and there to make you buy new hardware. For example, the adapters. Apple likes hold back and make little upgrades to the iphone a little at a time or make a phone with a little more memory and hype it up as the next greatest innovation. This is how Apple operates to get iphone die hards to keep upgrading their iphones.Going to get a lot of hate responses from iphone lovers. Just back it up with something other than some lame sarcastic remark. I am not an iphone, Android, Windows, Samsung, etc. fan either. My daughters friends got the iphone 5 and they all either returned them or wish they did. My daughter has a Samsung blaze and a lot of her friends want one also. My sister and brother in law got the iphone 4 and my brother in law returned it and got the Samsung S3, and my sister wished she returned hers and got something elso also. I played with iphones and got bored with them real quick because I couldn't do much on it. Yes the screen looks fantastic, but I need a phone that has functions that can make my life easier. A phone these days is your personal organizer on the go. You need something that you can customize to your personal needs for quick access to information at your fingertips. With andorid you can do this, iphone you can't. So speed to open an app. is defeated by the fact that you have to scroll though the pages of icons and find it in the mess to get to it to open it. With android you can customize your screen and apps. however you want it and this makes it way faster to open an app.
cellphone|Don't buy it from here. Its only $695 with taxes in Apple Store. If you live in Delaware then only $649 & no taxes.
