cellphone|I bought two of this phone (new). One of the phone I received was a open box with the seal violated/broken.The second surprise inside of the bag where the phones were has a power adapter for the outlet (european to us). Both phones were european (I believe the written is german) and the adapter they sent was for the phone charger since european outlet is different from us.Very disappointed, I returned both phonesBe careful when you buy a unlocked phone and check the seller
cellphone|The Samsung Galaxy S3 is a horribly made phone. After the second week of owning this phone the screen shattered after falling on my carpet matt floor. A couple months later the phone would not hold a charge more than and hour. I had to buy a new charger because the one that came with the phone stopped working. Last week the phone stopped charging completely. After reading many reviews about the phone needing the charging port replaced by THOUSANDS of different owners of this phone I contacted customer service. Since the screen shattered they would not replace the charging port even though it is obviously a manufacturing error. This company is horrible a phone purchased at $500 they will not even repair. Horrible product cheaply made horrible customer service not willing to admit fault with their own product even though it is well documented all over the internet. Not to mention all the bugs the phone has.
cellphone|buenas tarde el telefono no lo he recibido a la direccion que coloque, por fvor necesio una razon del telefono si pueden escribirme al correo minimercado1999@hotmail.com, no soy de eeuu, estoy de visita en el pais
cellphone|This is not meant for US. Instructions in German....No access. available...not even screen savers!!! I am returning it. At least the sellers have agreed to let me return it .
cellphone|Is not what I ordered, I bought two Samsung Galaxy S III Mini I8190 8GB Unlocked GSM Phone with Android, I recieved two Samsung Galaxy S III Mini I8190 4GB Unlocked GSM Phone with Android :(
cellphone|i received the manuals on other languages that are not english or spanish. do you think you can provide me one in english or spanish?
cellphone|Never again will I try to save a few bucks and switch from my iPhone. Samsung makes great TVs... they should stick to that. AVOID this phone. Too many reasons to list. Buyer Beware!
cellphone|todo tal como lo esperaba, la entrega fue rapida y el producto llego en excelentes condiciones, la compra fue un exito
cellphone|muito bom, perfeita interação.experiência mais que satisfat&oacute;ria na entrega, noa qualidade dos produtos e nos prazos e preços. obrigado
cellphone|En general es un buen tel&eacute;fono. No me sorprendi&oacute; la resoluci&oacute;n de la pantalla (se ven mucho los pixeles) y los &iacute;conos son muy b&aacute;sicos, creo que pueden mejorar much&iacute;simo el dise&ntilde;o de los mismos.De resto, buen rendimiento.
cellphone|muy buen producto cubre mis especctativas llego en tiempo record lo recomiendo para todas las personas que busque este producto
cellphone|excellent. producto de buena calidad, llego en buenas condiciones y ahora a disfrutar de sus ventajas y de la belleza de este realizando tadas las llamadas.Gracias
cellphone|Excelente! Quede satisfecha con el producto, el env&iacute;o fue en el tiempo estimado y el producto llego en buenas condiciones...
cellphone|muy excelente.. lo recomiendo,, es muy entretenido y divertido. muy variado en aplicaciones y contiene una gran variedad de contenidos. excelente
cellphone|Lo compre hace una semana, dec&iacute;a desbloqueado y efectivamente esta desbloqueado. Tengo ATT pay as you go lleve mi tel&eacute;fono a la tienda y solo cambiaron la tarjeta y funciona perfectamente. Definitivamente lo recomiendo.
cellphone|This is my first android phone and it cover all and more of my needs. Battery its okey you may want to change for another larger one if you want to. The android version its nicer than the nexus 4 lg.
cellphone|Great phone for the price. Smaller than Iphone and with all the same great feature. I love it. Recommend to anyone.
cellphone|.el producto me parecio de muy buena calidad y el env&iacute;o lleg&oacute; a tiempo, por lo tanto considero que dan un buen servicio.
cellphone|excelente muy buena pieza de coleccion saludos desde Venezuela espero comprar mas en algun momento por que son muy bonitas y buenas
cellphone|Todo salio muy bien, el envio se hizo correcto al dia establecido y el telefono en perfectas condiciones!!! 100% recomendado. Agradecido!!!
cellphone|its the best purchase that i've ever done. It smoller than the complete galaxy and easy to use. its beautiful thanks!!!!
cellphone|Excelent product and very puntual delivery. I highly recommend this product. The functions sre incredible and the camera has a very nice resolution. Great pictures and videosThanks
cellphone|I like the phone. It works well, has a lot of cool features, is the perfect size, and a lovely color. It is a bit glitchy though, have to restart it occasionally due to some odd ringtone behavior. Tends to change from vibrate to sound on it's own. Other than that it is a good phone, but a little on the pricey side for my taste.
cellphone|el equipo es perfecto, recib&iacute; lo encargado sin contratiempo la caja sellada y sin alteraciones, funciona correctamente y eso es todo lo que quer&iacute;a. 100% recomendado.
cellphone|I purchased a Samsung Galaxy 3S Mini (Jelly Bean 4.1.2, Model GT-I8190, European (France) unlocked)from a vendor in the States. This phone recognizes Samsung 64GB Extreme microSDXC Class10 UHS-I (Model: MB-MGCGB/AM) with no problem. The available space is 58.54GB. There is no need to format the card to FAT32.My phone is from France. Since I don't know French, the only inconvenience is to find the setting to switch the language from French to English on the first boot.
cellphone|Muy rapida el envio y en excelente condiciones, lo recomiendo, gente muy responsable, si recibi lo que esperaba, muchas gracias
cellphone|LLego en muy buenas condiciones, trabaja excelentemente, la funcionalidad es excelente y ya viene con jelly bean.Muy buen producto.
cellphone|The Samsung Galaxy S III Mini is great. Easy to get started and use. So far, pretty durable after 1 drop.
cellphone|I bought this phone cause I like the samsung galaxy S3, but I find it too big, so this one was just perfect, and it cost the HALF. Its really nice, and I know its less powerfull tahn his big brother, but its work without any problem of lag, the screen display looks awesome, and I could continiu like this for ever.Its a awesome phone, abolutly recomend it.
cellphone|Excellent screen, high performance, very well-made (the screen is so hard it won't scratch easily!), and good looking. Well worth the money!
cellphone|ES UNA MUY BUENA OPCI&Ograve;N PARA GUSTOS EXIGENTES, UNO DE LOS TELEFONOS MAS AVANZADOS DE LA SAMSUNG EN TAMA&Ntilde;O COMODO PARA LLEVAR...
cellphone|TODO A TIEMPO PERSONAS SERIASEXCELENTESIN QUEJASMUY BUEN PRODUCTOTODO LLEGO EN PERFECTO ESTADOEL PRODUCTO CUMPLI&Oacute; CON LA ESPECTATIVAS
cellphone|I have a Samsung SIII and I brought this for my father - I was amazed by the speed and fluidity of the screen.. Awesome!!
cellphone|The mobile phone is really good, fast, the shape is cool and fits all my needs. Do not hesitate buying it!!!
cellphone|Excelente producto el vendedor tambi&eacute;n es muy responsable la entrega se realizo en el tiempo acordado, lo recomiendo muy confiable
cellphone|buen producto recopmendable para todas aquellas persona que desee adquirido hagalo sin nungun miedo por son 100 % reponsable y confiable
cellphone|La experiencia de adquirir el producto es excelente muy buen vendedor y el producto en perfectas condiciones y garantizado.Muchas gracias.
cellphone|good morningThe product this one good and in perfect conditionsAdo that refer says goodbye of youJose Diaz
cellphone|Hello, the phone is great just what I need, however, sold it to my cell with 8 GBY supposedly came with 4 GB.Samsung Galaxy S III Mini I8190 8GB Unlocked GSM Phone with Android 4.1 OS, Dual Core, Super AMOLED Touchscreen, 5MP Cam
cellphone|Used this phone in costa rica as primary smart phone. Had other phones to compare, this phone would have 0 bars while Nokia and Sony Ericson had 2 or 3. Nokia always in Costa Rica has best signal but OS horrible so went with sony for a cheap smartphone of similar size. Really nice..(I use iphone5 and like galaxy 3 a lot) Same bad reception however with galaxy 2, using KOBI or Moviestar chip bad reception. So if you are not in rural area it might be ok if you are near a tower, but otherwise I found it slow and too small to read web comfortably.These are much cheaper out of the US than on Amazon.
cellphone|I love this phone! Everything about it is as it says it is. The users of the &#34;Bigger&#34; S3 will criticize it because they don't have one. This phone is easy to hold, carry, and use. Remember that no cases or protectors will be available locally because it's not in the U.S. yet.My instructions came in French but don't let that scare you because Samsungs web site offer a users manual in any language that can be down loaded (handy) and let's you learn your phone 100%. Packaging is nice and complete including a USB charger and a Wall charger adapter. If you buy it you won't be sorry.
cellphone|It's a nice cell phone and I'm very satisfied. Comfortable for your pocket, easy to carry on everywhere and software is fast.
cellphone|me encanta muy rapido con buen tamano , se ajusta a todas las necesidades a buen precio , samsung excelente producto
cellphone|Great product at a great price, a real upgrade from my previous smart phone (BB)! Very easy to use as well
cellphone|excelente telefono, bastante interactivo, tenia un BB y ya se me olvid&oacute; este celular es lo maximo, el unico detalle es que consume demasiada bateria por que esta en constante interacci&oacute;n con actualizaciones, lo recomiendo
cellphone|I am really really happy with this purchase, this phone meet ita expectations, works perfect, 3G works (Venezuela), battery last longer than other phones. Totally recommend this product, thanks.
cellphone|ES UN GRAN TELEFONO CELULAR, ES REALMENTE INCREIBLE ES TODO LO QUE ME IMAGINE Y HASTA MAS. LO RECOMIENDO EN UN 1000%.
cellphone|This phone is very fast in prcess.It easy to carry.The bad thing is the application can't move to SD card.
cellphone|SAMSUNG GALAXY ROCKS! I AM NOT A FAN OR LARGE PHONES SO THE MINI SURE WORKS OUT FOR ME. I AM ENJOYING EVERYTHING ABOUT MY NEW PHONE.
cellphone|This smartiphone fits exactly on what a girl wish!! It is thin, light, and its tools are perfect. For me it seems like a mini tablet!! Very very usefull and stilysh!!
cellphone|samsung galaxy s3 mini is the best cellphone i ever have.. it&#347; 100% unlocking.. i hope enjoy a lot.. thanks
cellphone|exelente producto ,muy bueno y llego a la hora el dia correcto, muy buena atencion de parte del vendedorgracias y saludos
cellphone|Its a great phone! fast, responsive, and fluid movement. Only downside of the phone is 2 things it does feel a bit cheap so I would suggest a case and screen protector also the 8GB of storage which is really only like a bit above 5GB because android OS but that is why there are SD cards!
cellphone|very good celphone fast and slim very dinamic and the apps are amazing your, for you value is more than i spect
cellphone|da product was shipped on time also is the product that i choose and have an excellent quality well done
cellphone|This mini version of the popular S3 is excellent and can perfectly replace the latter being more convenient, comfortable and smaller. The quality of the images with a 4in display is very good. The only negative is that it is not easy to write on your keypad displayed on the touch screen.
cellphone|producto en perfecto estado condiciones optimas excelente producto entrega a tiempo pautado recomendado vendedor para pr&oacute;ximas compras de productos ofrecidos
cellphone|the same software than Galaxi SIII, very fast, lightweight, excelente resolution image. get wiffi everywhere fast and simple. A lot of aplication free, easy to download
cellphone|I bought this cellphone the last month(February 2013) and is great! I love it! This phone contains all I need. Thin and powerful with Android.
cellphone|recomiendo el producto, es excelente, les lo que esperaba. llego en el tiempo pautado. lo recomiendo. el empaque es como se ve.
cellphone|buena atenci&oacute;n, los productos son de excelente calidad, las fotograf&iacute;as son exactamente igual al producto en fisico, lo recomiendo como vendedor
cellphone|Me encantaaa.. excelente tel&eacute;fono.. buena resoluci&oacute;n de la pantalla, excelente c&aacute;mara... es una gran smartphone. LLeg&oacute; a la fecha provista, muy responsables!!...
cellphone|I got it as a birthday present for my special someone. Much better than anything by Apple because it's not hostage to iTunes.
cellphone|This phone is great and this smaller size is much more convenient than the regular Galaxy S.I really love the camera.
cellphone|ordered this on valentines day and received it on the 19th. the product was in good working order and connected seamlessly with the Tmobile network here in Georgia (USA). the box still had the factory sticker on it and was brand new. the phone is fast and very fluid. set up was easy and the battery came 56% factory charged. i am extremely pleased with the vender and i will be purchasing a different phone in the near future from this vendor.
cellphone|This is the most advanced smartphone to the size it is, is surprising and beautiful, still I can not believe what I can do
cellphone|i have about 2 months with it and is an exellente product a great phone almost like galaxy s3. best phone i ever have
cellphone|This is a really nice phone fits very well into your hand. Display is good and touch is also nice. Comes with Jelly bean which is also nice and fast.Only concern over this phone is the inability to move apps from internal memory to sd card!. Using sd card to only store music and pictures is just crazy.
cellphone|Producto en excelente condiciones,caja sellada ,buen empaque,SEGURAMENTE vuelva a comprarles .la entrega del producto se hizo en el tiempo que se indico.
cellphone|Smasung Galaxy s3 has attended all my expectations. It has a good camera, its very easy to find the apps and do the basic operations. The quality and definition of the screen can satisfy even the most demanding person.
cellphone|The phone came in French. It was pretty obvious how to change language from pictures and cognates. It works fine with a t-mobile sim card in the SF Bay area (northern California, USA).
cellphone|Love this phone.It does a lot of the same things as it's big sister the galaxy S3 but it's a lot smaller; which is what is great about it. It still fits in your hand comfortably (you can touch every part of the screen with one hand) and in your pocket. It uses a regular sim card and Android jellybean which comes already loaded is awesome. Even though it's 3g and not 4g i still think has a very fast response time.I wanted something quite small responsive, attractive (i have the pebble blue version) and effective. This mobile delivers!!!!!
cellphone|Exactly as the top reviewers said, great phone, i neednt go into the specs since that has been widely been discussed. but i must say i am pleased with the purchase.
cellphone|anyone know if this phone works in Latin America, specifically Costa Rica?alguno sabe si este celular funciona en latinoamerica, espec&iacute;ficamente Costa Rica?
cellphone|Muy buen tel&eacute;fono, todo bien, muy r&aacute;pido, buenas fotos, corren bien las aplicaciones, pantalla n&iacute;tida, buenos colores, 8 Gb de memoria interna.
cellphone|excelente producto, lo solicit&eacute; para que le llegara aq un amigo a USA y no hubo inconvenientes llegaron a tiempo y bien sellada la caja.
cellphone|RECIBI EL MOVIL EN TIEMPO Y FORMA,ESTA TODO IMPECABLE.LO RECIBIERON EN UN HOTEL PUES YO SOY DEL EXTERIOR DE ESTADOS UNIDOS Y CUANDO LLEGUE AL HOTEL ESTABA LA ENTREGA ALLI.
cellphone|EXCELENTE VENDEDOR REALIZARE MAS COMPRAS EN EL FUTURO, QUEDE SATISFECHO CON EL PRODUCTO Y HARE RECOMENDACIONES A TODOS LOS AMIGOS
cellphone|Can do just about everything I needed it to do, and can get pretty much any app from the play store. Camera was not the best, but still pretty clear. No problems at all.
cellphone|muy buena calidad excelente el envio, muy r&aacute;pido el despacho el vendedor muy bueno todo muy bien felicitaciones sigan asi saludos
cellphone|todo perfecto, gracias, excelente producto. todo excelente. perfecta toda la operaci&oacute;n, gracias por todo, excelente toda la operaci&oacute;n. todo bien
cellphone|Have already for a week and it is a great mobile, easy to use and long battery - good value for the money
cellphone|The phone does everything the original galaxy 3s does but it just small sizes. I bought it for my girlfriend she loves it. The only thing she complain battery wears out quick.
cellphone|excelente funciona r&aacute;pidamente en todas sus funciones . con todos sus accesorios incluidos. entrega en tiempo estimado. muy contenta gracias
cellphone|Everything was ok! it was sent it fast and furious :D, i bought 2 S3 mini and they are ok
cellphone|Cubre las Expectativas, buena conexi&oacute;n 3g, wi fi, tama&ntilde;o manejable, presentable est&eacute;ticamente, buena velocidad de procesamiento para la mayor&iacute;a de la aplicaciones
cellphone|Firstly, it arrived earlier than expected, so props to the seller(HassleFreeCell). I'd suggest reading Kevintheyanks review on Dec 24 and the associated comments. That is what sold me on this phone. I'm with T-Mobile on one of their pre-paid plans, Popped in my sim from another phone and it was good to go. Still playing around with it to get it set up the way I like it with no issues so far. I'm not in a 3g area, so haven't had a chance to see how that works. I will be in one next week, so if it doesn't register on the phone, I'll get back on here with any issues. Battery seemed drop a little faster than expected, but that may be due to me not being finished with the fine tuning etc. If any problems occur, I'll be sure to report them.Just a quick update here. Apps from Google Play cannot be moved to SD card, unless your phone is 'Rooted'. Needless to say, you don't need to rush out and get a large SD card,unless you're storing lots of pics,video etc.
cellphone|All Good. Excelent Cellphone. Good size. Everything worked excellent. Not much Gb capacity, only 5GB, so you will need to buy a memory ship, if you want more capacity.
cellphone|realmente es un producto maravilloso.Lo unico es que viene sin el manual y no he logrado bajarlo de la redSin embargo es un producto lleno de abances tecnologicos . Espero descubrirlos todos
cellphone|EXCELENTE PRODUCTO...RECOMENDADO LLEGO DEL COLOR QUE LOS PED&Iacute;, LO MEJOR A TIEMPO, MUY BUEN NEGOCIO, OJALA TODO FUERA AS&Iacute; DE RESPONSABLES.
cellphone|I love this phone. It's exactly like the S3 regular size but just smaller. Everything is Perfect. Brand new, the box and the accesories all sealed and in perfect conditions. They even send me an adaptor for an american plug (Since the charger is a europeen plug). Everything is so sharp that i am in love with my new phone.
cellphone|I tried this phone recently (02/13) and found hardware wise it was quite good. Worked very well on at&t gophone net with existing sim card. Screen looked fine to me graphically, but internet type was too small to read by default, and I could not increase it without chopping up pages. BT/wifi worked just fine in USA (phone came from Poland). Phone is a nice size if you don't have big hands as I really don't want to have to use 2 hands to hold a phone securely, let alone use it. The problem was android is still messy OS (4.2.1) IMHO, after all these years. I had no control over home screen icons (Samsung or Android issue ? not sure or maybe both) and ended up with several blank, orphaned screens that would not delete. I really don't want to spend hours hunting for 3rd party apps that actually make a phone useable for basic needs. That should be covered out of the box. I later found an app that would have given me such user control but had already returned the unit. So if your into doing a lot of OS fiddling this is a great phone. Went back to 3GS becuase everything on need is on home screen, even though I abhor Itunes. This was my second go at android, first was Galaxy SII, and the OS is still a mess. Gave phone 4 stars based on hardware.
cellphone|Excelente!! Aqu&iacute; en vzla trabaja en perfecto estado y levanta 3G.. las aplicaciones muy &uacute;tiles y muy buen funcionamiento. lo recomiendo!
cellphone|excellent, I already recibed teh cellphone and its wonderfull it has no problems and it's in perfect shapethank u very much
cellphone|compre el producto y es excelente lo tengo con linea movistar.levanta 3g .lo que noto la bater&iacute;a dura poco por lo dem&aacute;s,un equipo que cumple con mis expectativas y el precio es una ganga para todo lo que ofrece
cellphone|Son muy r&aacute;pidos enviado el pedido, atentos, no dudes en comprar algo aqu&iacute;, solo hagalo!! lo recomiendo con los ojos cerrados!
cellphone|Hi,I am not satisfied with the product.The phone came with a purple blotch on the screen...good afternoon!
cellphone|lo recomiendo al 1000%, tanto el producto como el vendedor, son excelentes, tal como lo esperaba, gracias. muy veloz y liviano
cellphone|First, the seller is definitely recommended....I made a mistake w my address and they were very quick to respond and were very helpful.Second, the phone is awesome and unlocked as described. Worked perfectly from the first moments in both the USA and Ecuador. Excellent product and I would recommend the seller and product to anyone....
cellphone|Tiene un buen rendimiento, reci&eacute;n ha recibido la ultimas actualizaci&oacute;n a 4.1.2, excelente relacion costo-beneficio, tampoco se puede comparar con una tab o un galaxy S3, recordemos que es un equipo de gama media, que logra buenas prestaciones para las caracter&iacute;sticas que posee.
cellphone|It's a very good option. However here in Colombia doesn't work with movistar 3G operator. For the price you get what you buy
cellphone|I've looked everywhere the phone menu and I can not activate this option seems nfc not have it and the title of the sale of the phone says it has
cellphone|I recieved this phone, after much deliberation and searching the internet. I ordered it believing that the seller actually knew what they were talking about I was displeased because the seller said the phone would work on Straight Talk, and when i asked them about it they said i had to set it up to use MMS and Internet..I did that twice. So I returned it sadly because it was a cool phone .. It was also T Mobile and Tmobile doesn't work with Straight Talk. The phone starts in German, which you shouldn't over look. It starts in German because its a UK phone. I hope this has been of some help to someone so they too don't get taken for a ride. I shipped the phone back to Amazon for a refund.
cellphone|Hello i really appreciate the care you show about my order, the phone takes a while to get to me, because i am outside the united states, but i am very happy and very excited with it, it is what i exactly need, this is a good phone with a lot of options.I firmly recommend wireless everything, they are very good sellers... A+
cellphone|this product its amaizing i recomended a 100% its a good view mobile, greats app, perfect size and a nice screen, you can buy with a close eyes.....
cellphone|if 100% recommend this product as it is very efficient, safe, easy to acquire, is an excellent phone with unique acquisition
cellphone|I am very happy and satisfied with my purchase. The phone arrived on time and it is so much more beautiful then in the picture.I highly recommend this phone to any buyer. That enjoys the smart and technological world.Tswana Nunes
cellphone|It is a wonderful gift. It is the best mobile phone that I have ever had. at the beginning it was a little complicated for me , but i already learned to use it and it is wonderful
cellphone|el telefono es bastante bueno, sin ninguna queja actualmente, recomendado 100%. sobre todo para los que viven en venezuela porque aqui vale como 9k
cellphone|Excelente producto entregado en tiempo y fecha estimada mejor imposible gran calidad y a ese precio inigualable totalmente satisfecho y complacido
cellphone|excellent excellent cellphone unlocked works great my wife loved... i'm from venezuela the cellphone arrive without scrach....and the best of all for a very low price
cellphone|Buen tel&eacute;fono. Para los que nos gustan los smart. Buena pantalla, procesador bueno lo recomiendo (ser&iacute;a el primer paso para el S3)
cellphone|excelente producto que cumple con lo estipulado por mi persona. el vendedor es excelente r&aacute;pida entrega del equipo al destino
cellphone|I recieved the item on time and in full working order and I am in love with my phone .
cellphone|Def loved this phone. Too many features to list. Bought a Net10 sim card package to use my phone. Used the AT&T sim first it worked but the 3G wasn't available where I live but their network is strong here so couldn't understand why I wasn't receiving 3G. Replaced it with a T-Mobile sim and it works great.The sized of this phone is great. Love how thin it is and the vibrant colors of the screen. This phone works very fast and impressed with all the apps it has and the ones you can download. I just upgraded from a Huawei Ascend II and its a big improvement. Recommend this phone to every one.
cellphone|powerful and compact cell in relation to large s3 but equally powerful with the dual-core processor and Android vercion, sleek and lightweight design
cellphone|My daughter is very happy with her cellphone she was waiting for it. I hope she will be better use.
cellphone|I'd recommend this phone to anyone interested in a small, light smart phone.I bought a new oneThank you
cellphone|Compact, fast, battery (though relatively weak) lasts forever...Two minor problem which i found so far:1. When it starts playing mp3 file chosen as a ring tone, it starts on low volume and after couple of seconds boosts up to the selected volume - a little bit annoying... Looks to me like software issue, so there's a chance it will be fixed2. The output from headphone amplifier is weak - have to set car's radio to full volume when connecting the phone from headphones output to AUX input in the car radio
cellphone|finally got my new cell phone hope it works very good out the usa,is my gift so expect a lot from the cell phone
cellphone|It's an excellent cel but idiom is Polaco (PL) i'm going to look out how to change this idiom to spanish, :S Idon't know whyyyyyy seller you could do that ok rrrrrrrrrrr
cellphone|Todo muy bien, el env&iacute;o tard&oacute; s&oacute;lo 2 d&iacute;as y fue gratis!. Excelente equipo! Lleg&oacute; en perfecto estado f&iacute;sico y funcionamiento.
cellphone|This product the best. and the company always ontime..thanks for be honest. I really appreciate that and next time I going to purchase more item.
cellphone|I realy like it. Right size & performance for this level of smartphones. Just the color i would like to have a black one.
cellphone|perfect aasdasda sa dasd as dasd as as dsa a asd as sa as das asda das ads as das
cellphone|This phone is one of the most powerful phone in the market and its very light and fast too. I gave it a four star rating because I am still checking out the phone and there has been no flaws yet. I will recommend this phone to anybody.
cellphone|I use it every day. Good price-product deal! Definitely would by it again. Nice nice nice nice nice nice nice.
cellphone|First all, i am spanish speaking so i apologize if my english is bad at some point.I bought this awesome phone with some strong points in mind and some weak or not so sure, i was sure it would work, but not so sure if the carrier of my prefference could handle it, and yes it could. Movistar venezuela can handle it easy.About the phone performance it is a total success. No problems at all.Sistem android 4.xx so it is very very good.Yes, it has all the play store advantages.Yes it has all the conectivity you can ask internet, wifi, bluetooth and pc usb jack. PLUS it provides wifi hotspot if you know the target device mac adress. Just what i needed.YOU CAN NO LOSE with this phone. A MUST BUY
cellphone|It made my life easier, now I can send emails, read the latest news, and contact instantly in just one device! Highly recommended.
cellphone|This phone is great perfect size for me and the features are wonderful Regular size sim card works great so no worries here!
cellphone|El proveedor es responsable y El producto es excelente y contiene todas las especificaciones del proveedor, lo recomendamos y son de buena calidad.
cellphone|let me tell you this is a very good dial I made goog price and a very good cel thank you
cellphone|Excellent product! I recomend it, It arrived on time and It works perfectly. I love it. You can buy it!
cellphone|Thnak you very much,I am very happy witch your product.Quick delivery and all as described.In the future it will be possible to take advantage of your product again.Good luck.
cellphone|El Samsung esta en excelente estado, cumpli&oacute; con los par&aacute;metros que se esperaban, y se cumpli&oacute; la fecha establecida de envio
cellphone|I purchased this for my mother, she loves it. It arrived on time and just as described. Great phone, not too big and tons of features.
cellphone|Luego de estar casado con Blackberry durante unos 5 anos, tres o cuatro modelos diferentes. Hace un tiempo conoci a Android... a traves de una tablet. Deje mi Blackberry (que carinosamente podemos llamarlo &#34;poteberry&#34;) y estoy disfrutando de esta nueva relacion con mi Samsung Galaxi S3 mini y Android.
cellphone|Selecciono este rango por que el producto es de buena calidad, y la entrega fue a tiempo.Se los recomiendo
cellphone|this is an excellent phone, it's smaller as i want, good responsive, i came from a galaxy ace and the difference is bigger, i really recommend this product
cellphone|el envio no fue bueno tuyve problemas con la direccion del lugar donde lo mandaronde todos modos muchas gracias
cellphone|It's the best phone I ever had! The right size, smooth performance. Enough internal storage for my needs... The materials are better than expected. the glass is oil proof so no fingerprints most times. The battery life its way better than other smartphones. The camera takes pretty sharp pictures. I'm very pleased with this purchase.
cellphone|I switched from a BB Bold 2 to this phone and it was love at first sight! I don't see myself moving away from Android any time soon. I heard it was worth the switch but man it was another thing to experience it. So far the apps seem endless and this device, although called a 'mini', is bigger than my Bold 2. Samsung did something right in releasing this model, making a phone that costs $330 make you feel like you have an Iphone in your hand.
cellphone|This phone is the best one I've had to date. Unlocked. I took my sim card out, popped it in and worked just like the auction stated. Seller was spot on.
cellphone|There are no words to describe how happy I am with this phone. It has surpassed all my expectations. Everyone should own one of these.
cellphone|It is very useful, is a very good communication tool, recently I bought it and so far I have no details, only that it is very practical
cellphone|The samsung Galaxy S III mini is excellent!! beautifull, fast and easy to use.Great resolution and good size. Excllent!
cellphone|I thought this was fake! Im from los angeles and have never heard of a s3 mini but I needed a phone with no contract bad!! SO I took a chance and bought this. ITS THE BEST THING EVER!!! it's unlocked already! I was using the iphone unlocked with a tmobile 50$ a month unlimited sim card and it works just fine with this s3 mini. I went to ebay and found ALL THE ACCESSORIES, portable battery, wallet case, screen protectors, EVERYTHING. I am certainly a happy camper with this phone. Only thing is that the manual is not in english....
cellphone|it's a good phone but the problem is that i dont have it in my hand cuz' i live in venezuela so it's a little hard to bring it over here.. liberty express has much traffic
cellphone|The device is good from the hardware. The only problem i had was the small screen. So i switched to this device [...]
cellphone|kinda expensive, but, its a good invest, so soon it comes the next galaxy, so soon I sell it twice of the price here in my country hahahahahahahahaha capitalistbbastard hahahahahahahaha
cellphone|I have bought this product because I need to use the NFC, in the description said that it was available in the phone but it does not have is false..
cellphone|El tel&eacute;fono no cumple con las especificaciones t&eacute;cnicas que describen. No posee Network Band 3G 900. La telefon&iacute;a que utiliz&oacute; solo levanta 3G por esa banda.Necesito saber si hay alguna forma de activar esta banda (3G 900)??The phone does not meet the technical specifications describing. It has no 3G Network Band 900. The only phone that used up by that band 3G.I need to know if there is any way to change the band (3G 900)??
cellphone|I have 'nt try It yet. Need more time to tell You . It seems to work very good but i dont kwow .
cellphone|Can someone please help me. I can connect to my wifi but m am UNABLE TO BROWSE. DOES ANY ONE ELSE HAVE THIS PROB?
cellphone|seg&uacute;n el equipo viene con 8GB mintieron solo tiene 4GB y el cargador vino malo no funciona. Por estar tan lejos en Venezuela y el flete sale caro no lo devuelvo. Que es lo que provoca.
cellphone|My experience with this product has been a nightmare, from the beginning, without it having ever being dropped, exposed to water, anything. True, some of them are just the curse - yes, CURSE - of touchscreen (baby)technology, which is still quite lame compared to real buttons. And no, these are not "malfunctions," they are design flaws, period - I saw these same issues on other minis.The following are the anti-features you can expect:- a touch screen that often does not respond at the speed demanded - this creates a HUGE risk during driving, when a user has to avert his/her eyes to try, try, try, try, try to answer and activate the speaker (and end the call), especially as the screen repeatedly blacks out (for what? to save the pathetic battery power?) and canNOT be quickly revived. This is particularly fun when answering calls from clients, who do not expect to wait as this little piece of crap decides if and when its owner can answer it, or when dealing with automated systems that don't understand why it takes so long to press the directed key.- the telephone shuts itself off without being touched, and even with a full battery- the telephone cuts off the internet connection on a regular basis, without being touched, without a change in location, even in the middle of an online function during what a second ago had been an active connection. This did not happen to me with my previous telephones.- press on the SMS button, frequently get the camera - repeatedly - until the mail decides to wake up- try to send an SMS, and it tells you it failed even when it didn't, or that it was sent even when it failed; wait 4 days to get an important SMS- try to send an SMS, and it hides the "create new mail" function for a few hours- receive an SMS, and occasionally have to guess who sent it, while being thankful that at least it was designed to display the name/number of the sender- press on the missed calls function, get the last person YOU called- search for a number in your phone, Russian roulette if it comes up- and of course, the battery drains very, very, very quickly when you use it for internet accessIf you need your telephone to really function, try another company. Any suggestion that a more expensive phone is necessary is criminal, as the above issues have to do with very basic functions that should be expected at what is already quite a high price, given that the assemblers make less than minimum wage.
cellphone|good nigth. sorry, but, I need a picture to send the invoice so that I can deliver the product: thanks.!
cellphone|the best value for money option now, but his memory is actually only 4GB very fast processor and its screen is lush
cellphone|has a lot of storage space you can put it with basically any company and it works great. its not tiny its normal size which is good and its really cute has good quality with the pictures you take and is very fast. Also it isn't complicated to use. I think you can do pretty much anything with the phone.
cellphone|Just what I needed an Unlock factory cell phoneI like the price and the functionality of the phoneI recommend it for its size.
cellphone|definitely no NFC apparent, despite it still being listed in the descriptionother than that, it's an excellent phone if you don't want something big. It's slightly smaller than an iphone 5, you don't feel like you're going to scratch the surface, etc. It's a bit under-powered and the screen could be better (higher res). Given those factors I would have expected better battery life than it has, but the battery gets me reliably through the day as long as don't have the screen very bright (which I find acceptable.It has too much Samsung junk that you can't uninstall. It's annoying to bloat the phone up out of the box with that, but even more annoying to make it impossible to remove.They've buried the WiFi hotspot settings and generally made this much less usable than it was on previous Samsung Galaxy models that I've had; I haven't researched whether this is an Android change or a Samsung change. It's just annoying, as I tether over wifi to my phone a lot when traveling.
cellphone|Great product, a gift o wife, she's very happy with it especially that it competes with my Samsung galaxy S3 I9300
cellphone|Buen Vendedor aunque el Producto no ha llegado a mis manos por que estoy en otro pais para verificarlo.!!
cellphone|I love this cel, all of it, shape, screen, and the android os is very easy to use, friendly, that is why i say...my best choice. So try to get it from this seller because it comes into the Samsung original sealed box and really unlocked...thumbs up!!!
cellphone|S GSIII is Great.. The super amoled screen exceeds other smarts phones, is very light, very intelligent and high performance..
cellphone|I dont have a review I just want to know if if the wastsapp application can be downloaded on the mini
cellphone|This cell phone is all that I expected, I am very happy using it. Worked perfectly in Colombia. Thank you very much.
cellphone|First of all, i'm a new samsung user. I just buy a tablet and smart tv, which work great! also my wife has a samsung smart telephone.i'm changin my old s3 iphone. the Mini SIII works great. the first thing that you got to do is to actualize the software, by discharging the Kies application ( in playstore ). Then just begin fun .Despite the 2 cores processor, you can see Excellent image process, very easy menues, and very fast internet process. In short: I'm happy with the phone, so if you are undecided, do not think much, buy this phone, you will not regret
cellphone|One and half year ago I obtained the first Samsung Galaxy Mini ST-5500, internal memory wasn't enough for the apps that I need apply, after to read a lot of reviews I decided to purchase the S3 Mini.First of all, I could make back up of SMS and calls from my previous mobile with a little app, later you can restore all your data on your new mobile.Internal and external camera have a very good quality.The newer version of Android means develop a simplify process, a really fast turn on and restart.As I understood the S3 original version has a Quad core processor, S3 Mini has a dual core processor so I think I can use at least two apps like the music player and the camera with a little stop during the picture caption. Its be able to let your hear music and play chess.I am not sure but the internal memory available to download and install apps is only 4,5 - 5 GB, so far of the 8GB of this title, this is the only cons that I found until today.
cellphone|Had this phone for several months now. Absolutely love it. Was worried I would prefer the larger screen but enjoying its smaller size. Like pizza. You know you could eat more but do you need to?I couldn't afford the larger unlocked version even though I've played with one before. Smart move by Samsung. I'm now a long term customer.
cellphone|I love the price and fast shipping. I love the price and fast shipping. This is my third Galaxy s3 Mini. it is a nice phone.THANKS!
cellphone|It is an awesome phone. The color is beautiful and the size is perfect. I've seen the bigger one and this one is way better.
cellphone|Samsung Galaxy S III Mini I8190 8GB Unlocked GSM Phone with Android 4.1 OS,.........Samsung Excellent product . . .
cellphone|I love my new phone and it by far exceeds my expectations. Multi functional, great battery life and a beautiful operating system. The phone functions as I need it to and is versatile. I can use it in North and South America with my pay as you go sim cards without incident. I think the screen is great and the touch functions work fine. I've seen other reviews of this mid level phone and find myself scratching my head-maybe it's because this is my first smartphone. I also have a couple of buddies who have the Galaxy S III and have done a comparison, to which the minor discepancies are acceptable. I couldn't be happier with my new toy!
cellphone|Love the 4&#34; screen, I've come from 3.2&#34; then 3.7&#34; so the extra size is great, yet the phone feels no bigger. Very slim and light, yet battery life is pretty good. Just bought an Anker hi capacity battery from Amazon so be interested to see if that improves things even more.Jellybean operating system seems stable and quick, although I have the phone's energy saver on which probably slows down processor speed I suspect, yet still works nicely.
cellphone|The telephone works good, but the charger doesn't. Shame. I tried to charge the battery and it doesn't recovers energy.
cellphone|perfecto es lo que yo queria estoy muy satisfecho del producto. lo recomiendo altamente para cualquier persona quw lo deseen
cellphone|This product is very nice good relation phone-price, the sistem android is amicable and very easy to manipulate, is comfortable and the color is only one
cellphone|perfecto estado, envio justo a tiempo, muy buen equipo, lleno mis espectativas, 10 de 10, proveedor serio. muy buena experiencia
cellphone|This phone is actually better than what I expected. I was a little bit doubtful when I first saw it but I'm extremely satisfied & I agree with the other reviews that the Samsung Galaxy S3 mini has nothing to envy of his bigger "sibling". I would highly recommend this phone to others.
cellphone|Phone is exactly as expected and advertised. No issues in the almost one month I have been using it so far. Shipping was very quick and packaging seemed perfectly intact and sealed.
cellphone|Really very good product. I am enjoying a lot this phone.It has shiped at time, and arrived in excellent conditions. Fine!
cellphone|tiempo de respuesta mejor no puede ser, siempre compro los telefonos en esta tienda los recomiendo 100%, compren aqui con garantia
cellphone|All the printed materials were in French and the AC adapt or was EU standard. It was easy to switch the phone's language to English and an AC adapter to US plug was thrown in the packaging; the phone itself had the manufacture's sticker intact.As to the phone, it's smaller and lighter than both the S2 and S3, this one is te rigth size for a shirt pocket. Despite that, the screen is larger than my old LG Optimus.Very satisfied.
cellphone|Llego a tiempo, muy buen producto, nuevo, es lo que espraba, lo recomiemdo ampliamente, la entrega fue rapida y la caja venia sellada
cellphone|I really love this phone. I use it with movilnet in Venezuela and it works fast and perfect in 3G. I highly recommend it!
cellphone|Since I've had an i4s, and have used other phones before I rec'd this one, I am not &#34;gushing&#34; about the phone, however, it is a great phone, and I'm having no problems on the AT&T network. Being an unlocked phone, I will probably see about using it on T-mobile and Straight Talk as well.It came w/a European plug, but an adapter was included for use here, and it also came w/a USB cable for data and charging by computer or via USB charging adapter, so no big deal. Set up was easy, however, if you purchase this phone, make sure that your carrier gives you a data plan for a Smartphone, if you've switched from an iPhone!Got a great cover, screen protector, and I'm set! I noticed HDSPA show up in areas where available, and otherwise, it automatically sets for whatever signal your carrier provides. The built-in apps are a problem, because what you don't want/need, you can't remove, but, not gonna obsess over that, cause that's minor to me, and, other than having to get used to a different &#34;look&#34; w/the camera, I have no regrets over selling my iPhone, and getting my Mini Galaxy!Really like this phone!
cellphone|El equipo tiene muy buenas prestaciones. Excelente relaci&oacute;n precio/valor. Aspecto a mejorar: Rendimiento de la bater&iacute;a (se debe cargar a diario).
cellphone|Good quality product.Satisfied with the purchase. highly recommended product. The quality was as expected and exceeded my expectations Cart.
cellphone|s3 mini looks nice its perfect do everthing like the &#34;father&#34; i recommended for buying . n i c e
cellphone|yes, it's a nice phone. I'm not a techie and a previous blackberry fan. So, the first thing is I miss the blackberry features. One thing for sure, the case bought for the phone is extremely difficult to take off. Not to mention the phone itself is difficult to openMy regular sim card did fit in no problem. Note the extremely helpful review posted December 24 2012.Downloaded whatsapp immediately as thats what all my friends an family use. But, one question. Isn't there a notification light thatwill come on when you get a message or call? If I don't happen to be near the phone when it rings or there's a message there's no way of knowing unless I actually wake up the phone and find the icon. Thats inconvenientMaybe I can't find the setting that allows this and i wanted to pull the battery but now cant get the case off.Argh. Very frustrating
cellphone|Otimo aparelho com otimas funcionalidades, leve e de bom tamanho de tela. Falta bateria de maior capacidade e autonomia, precisa de recargas constantes.
cellphone|I did not buy this exact phone but I wanted to write a review about it because I am so impressed with it. Before getting my Samsung Galaxy s3 I had a iPhone 3gs. I was having a lot of problems with my iPhone even though I kept the updates current and tried my best to baby it when it was acting up. I was kind of over the whole iPhone thing so I decided on this phone. From day one I was so impressed with this phone I couldn't be more happy. The screen is bigger than what I was use to but I don't think it is too big. The screen is also very clear and the colors are very vivid. I am still learning all the fun little tricks you can do on this device but overall I think it is very easy to use. I was worried a little bit about the app store for an android phone but to tell you the truth it has all the apps I loved on my iPhone and some great new ones that I love using. If you are debating on a new phone this is a great phone to consider. I know some places certain colors and how much memory the phone has changes the price. So if you decide on this phone I would suggest getting the cheapest color because you most likely are gonna put a cover on it right!? So it doesn't really matter what the color is. Also I would suggest getting the least memory if it is cheaper than the higher ones because you can always add a card for more memory which is a lot cheaper than paying for more memory on your phone. If anyone has any questions on using the phone I would be happy to give my opinion and answer the best I can.
cellphone|Bought to replace the Galaxy S III. Love the phone but too big for me to carry around all day. The Mini is perfect. You give up a little in screen resolution with the Mini, but its more than adequate. The change in processors (quad in the Galaxy, Duo in the mini) is not noticeable for how I use the phone (email, IM and internet). The posts about needing a &#34;large&#34; SIM are right. THe Galaxy S3 takes a small and the Mini a large. I purchased an adaptor on AMazon that works great and saved me a trip to AT&T.
cellphone|Best smartphone I ever had. Light to carry. Good for simple entertainment like mp3 and ebook! Many apps from android market. Excellent as a cellphone!
cellphone|After years of reaching for glasses.........this one is large enough that you don't have to go cross-eyed to review the daily mail and Facebook register, and courier news.Then you start using something called apps........lol, like applying for a job.Too funny!
cellphone|I was worried about compatibility with T-mobile 3G in the US, but I've seen no issues. All phone features and apps seem to work just fine. Really nice phone.
cellphone|This is just one of the best cellphones i ever had.I had no issues with the delivery, and talking about the cellphone, is just great, the material is very good, the screen is strong, the cover is very good, easy to take off and at the same time, is secure.Talking about the funtions of the cellphone, is very good, i had all i need in there, emails, gps, camara, application (lots of them), games, message, calls, anything, is multitasking, and all that u imagine, is in there.There is only 1 think i dont like, the position and/or the sensibility of the power on/block/unblock button, is impossible to take a call o just take the phone, without clic on that bottom.
cellphone|this phone could have better signal sensitivity. we loose signal a lot with this one connected to T-mobile tower. Also t-Moble could expand their tower assets if you ask me.
cellphone|Exactly what I wanted and it works great. As soon as I got it I put my SIM card in it and started to use it. Great choice. :)
cellphone|I used to be a big fan of iphones, with their ease-of-use and huge app store. Now I'm an even bigger fan of Samsung!I've had several Samsung phones over the years. Most of them fell short. But Samsung has gotten their act together and no longer competes with Apple, but instead, blows them out of the water!This phone's display was larger and much better than my iphone, though the phone itself is the same size - which is something I like! It's also lighter than an iphone. And, since we're on the subject, I prefer the sleeker more rounded style of the Samsung. I also like the fact that you can upgrade (inexpensively) the memory. It comes with 8GB, but I bought a 32 GB micro SD card for $20, and I now have a 40GB phone! One last comparison... The price! This is soooo much cheaper than an unlocked iphone.This phone is smaller than the regular Galaxy S III (hence, &#34;mini&#34;). But still packs amazing features. It used a regular mini SIM card (not a micro SIM), and has a MicroSD slot inside (up to 32GB).The ease of use is wonderful and the style is great.I liked this phone so much, that after only 2 weeks of owning it, I bought one for my wife! (And she loves her's too!)FYI - This phone is an international phone. It came with a European charger, but had an American adapter. You can also charge it via USB (included). My two phones both were in a foreign language when first starting - One in French, the other in German. However the first thing in the set-up process was to choose a language. Very easy! I did have to get into settings to change from a 24-hour format to a 12-hour format, and change Celsius to Fahrenheit - both were very easy to do in &#34;Settings&#34;.This phone is unlocked and will work with GSM carriers (AT&T, T-Mobile, etc... Not Verizon). I bought ours to use with Straight Talk. Easy set-up, easy access, GREAT PHONE!I just took a vacation and had no internet service... That is until I used this phone as a secure hotspot. The benefits keep adding up!Since this is not the regular Galaxy S III, I was worried about finding accessories. No problem! I found chargers (it uses a micro USB, like many other products), cases, skins, etc...If you need a phone, this is the best $300 you'll ever spend!!!
cellphone|Mi esposa esta encantada (My wife is really happy)Mejor imposible (Better is imposible)Un excelente celular(An excelent cell phone)
cellphone|I have no issues, works well. aaa aaa aaa aaa aaa aaa aaa aaa aaa aaa aaa aaa aa aa
cellphone|Great smart phone. I Love its size. I highly recommend it for all. Screen size is amazing, super clear, super clear camera, light weight, easy to use and figure out, tons of applications out there, and super value for money.The only downside of this phone is battery life time. You definitely need couple of chargers around you if you are a frequent user and on the go. I recommend buying a car charger along with this phone.
cellphone|I got the phone in the estimated time frame and it came brand new. So far i have no issues with it and it seems to be working great.
cellphone|Love being up to date with my new phone. 4 of my family members have the samsung phones. It came very fast from the distributor to the day they stated. My only issue is the battery needing to be constantly charged and my nephew's screen shattering within a few weeks of ownership. Love the Samsung brand and will continue to purchase them.
cellphone|I have been enjoying my new phone for 2 months now. It does every to that the full size galaxy does. I like the size better because its my phone not a phone / lap top I don't need it to surf the web with ( but does a great job of it ) I like texting and reading my emails and loaded my music on And most of all a phone. Its fits nicely into my pocket and is just as fast with a clear picture screen.
cellphone|Recomiendo al vendedor, el tel&eacute;fono llego en buen estado, le coloque Digitel y Movistar; y en las 2 operadoras levanta H eso me gusto, un tel&eacute;fono muy r&aacute;pido comparado con los BlackBerry ni se diga.
cellphone|Me funcion&oacute; en Venezuela (Movistar) 3G sin ning&uacute;n problema. Excelente m&oacute;vil, muy completo! Rapido, movimientos suaves, la bateria, lo normal; dura 1 d&iacute;a completo! Todo depende del uso que le des.
cellphone|The best Samsung Phone ever, it fit perfect on your hand on your pocket, more apps and options than iphone.It works very good for me.
cellphone|My wife's phone (an EVO) keep dropping service and would not accept rings, rather rolling over to voice mail immediately. At first we thought there was a problem with the service provider. We were given a second phone however it preformed the same as the first phone. We then received this Samsung Galaxy S 111 phone and it has been great. No more failure to ring and no dropped calls. We are convinced the issues were phone related and not service related. This is a true smart phone in all aspects. I use an iPhone and the first thing we tried was to locate an establishment. We both have 4g service. The Samsung outperforms the iPhone by a great margin. The screen is slightly larger and much more brighter. There are great apps, in fact more than you will ever need or use so don't let a competitor's brag about having lots of apps turn you off.The apps are easy to download and install. Everything that was on the EVO was easily transferred to the Galaxy. There are a limited number of incoming phone ring tones however you can download additional rings if there are none that suit you. We did find that with the sue of hearing aids the ring tones installed as somewhat weak and only a few can be turned up really loud.My wife uses the phone a greta dal for texting and the larger key board makes that much easier on this phone. Providers may try to sell, you insurance on the phone which we found to be extremely high thus we did not purchase and with the amazing record we have with this phone so far that too was a very good decision.The cell phone is thin and slick thus I would highly recommend a plastic case cove for the phone to help with your grip.
cellphone|me gusto mucho este producto, tambi&eacute;n porque es uno de los tel&eacute;fonos mas importantes y usados del momento...ha funcionado bien no he tenido problemas con el
cellphone|Intern memory is It's only 4,54 gb free. Battery only 7 hrs 3G. but the phone in really good. I love it
cellphone|I simply love this phone.I also love the iPhone, so I wasn't sure I was going to like it at first.The phone is UNLOCKED as described and NEW. It did come with a US adaptor, which I won't use, but it's nice that it's there. The size is perfect and it's pretty simple to use.Not particularly impressed by S galaxy ( the correspondent of Siri), but that's not why I bought it!!It works perfectly on Wi-Fi, however I can't say anything about the 3G because I don't have a data plan. Calls and txts are fast and clear ( I have AT&T).I hope it will last long.
cellphone|I've had this phone in hand for more than a week, with T-Mobile service for about a day now. It's fine so far.The phone is a lovely, sleek thing. I've handled its bigger brother, the Galaxy SIII, but that phone is just too big for me. I like the form and size of this one much better. I've been using an HTC Evo 4G phone for more than two years; this Galaxy S3 Mini is about the same size.This is a good phone with plenty of computing horsepower for me. The screen is beautiful and very responsive. In side-by-side comparison to my trusty old HTC Evo phone, this one blows the other one away. And the Galaxy S3 Mini has a slightly smaller screen! I'd wondered if I'd regret it for that reason but I absolutely do not. I don't even realize that the screen is smaller than my old phone, when I'm using this phone.One downside: I don't like the camera. It's laggy.By the way, my phone arrived with packaging in French, and set up with the French language on the phone. The seller included a plug adapter so the Euro style plug on the charger can be used here in the USA. It took a few seconds to get into the phone settings and choose US English as the phone language.PLEASE, people, don't complain if you get a "foreign" phone when you buy this phone unlocked. Because Samsung doesn't package this phone for sale for the US market. (Search for an article on Cnet called "Apple drops patent claim against Samsung Galaxy S3 Mini" from December 2012 for the background.) I found a user manual in English by going to Samsung's UK website (it won't be on Samsung's US website because Samsung doesn't sell or support this phone in the US). If you must have an unlocked phone tailored for US users right out of the box? Try buying an unlocked iPhone direct from Apple, or a Nexus 4 phone from Google (if the Nexus 4 is back in stock).
cellphone|Great phone and best size it fit in your hand and came without a memory card and it was made in China would be better if i got one made in Korea....rated 4/5 if it just had better front cam and more than 8 gigabyte of memory user end up with less than 4.7 gigabyte to use and is not that much and it use normal size sim card and yes this phone is unlocked will work worldwide!!Make sure when you receive it that it is sealed by Samsung!
cellphone|I bought the Samsung S3 Mini excepting 8gb of Internal Memory. What is the issue here? Anyone can give a feedback on this please.
cellphone|Hi guys,I must admit that I when I purchased this mobile, I was a little afraid. I had read lots of reviews and watched some videos on YouTube before the purchase. Anyway, I was worried mainly because of the screen resolution (480 x 800, that means no HD), the battery life and the size of the screen.I can tell you, this mobile is just awesome! It comes with Android 4.1.1 Jelly Bean installed, which is so beautiful and fluid. The screen is great, battery life is very good and the size of the screen is, in my opinion, perfect. I've never considered the &#34;regular&#34; Samsung Galaxy S3 because it is way to big for me. I wanted something quite small (although the screen is bigger than an iPod touch 4th gen), responsible, attractive and efective. This mobile is excellent for me! :-).The mobile accept 3G, it has smart stay, and all those &#34;high-tech&#34; features like his bigger brother the S3.I will reply any question you might have about this device and update this review next saturday.SPANISH:Hola! Debo decirles que antes de comprar este tel&eacute;fono tenia un poco de miedo con respecto a la pantalla, ya sea al tama&ntilde;o como a la resolucion de la misma (no es HD). Tambien estaba desconfiando un poco por las reviews que le&iacute; y videos que vi, sobre la duraci&oacute;n de la bater&iacute;a. Sinceramente el telefono me ENCANTA, yo vivo en Argentina y funciona perfectamente con las redes de ac&aacute;. La pantalla es realmente muy muy buena, todo se ve fluido y es incre&iacute;ble. El tama&ntilde;o tambien es muy bueno, en mi opinion es el tama&ntilde;o perfecto, ya que un Galaxy S3 de los comunes me parece excesivamente grande.El telefono viene con Android 4.1.1 y apenas lo compr&eacute; se me actualizaron unos paquetes (pero sin cambiar de versi&oacute;n). Para los que pasen de un celular con Android 2.2 o 2.3, les puedo asegurar que estamos hablando de dos cosas totalmente distintas. Les cuento que lo que avanz&oacute; este sistema operativo durante los ultimos meses es impresionante.En cuanto a la c&aacute;mara y a la bater&iacute;a, no tuve mucho tiempo de evaluarlos muy a fondo (durante estos d&iacute;as voy a subir un update de mi review sobre estos temas), pero incluso usando un fondo de pantalla de los din&aacute;micos (live wallpaper) la bater&iacute;a ha durado todo un d&iacute;a.Con respecto al tel&eacute;fono en general, anda perfecto sin ning&uacute;n problema. Todo es muy fluido y no hay ning&uacute;n tipo de lag.Cualquier duda que tengan no duden en preguntarme, les contestar&eacute; lo antes posible.Saludos!
cellphone|Love this phone super fast great screen does all the stuff it's big brother does in a smaller BUT prefect size for your hand. FAST shipping too ordered it at 3pm on Thursday and got it 11 am on Friday. Amazon prime ROCKS!!
cellphone|I needed a new phone and didn't want a contract so I went the unlocked phone/month to month route. I wanted a Nexus 4 but couldn't for it to be restocked. I did some looking around and this phone fit my needs. I live in an American city with so coverage isn't an issue. I don't need my phone to be anything more than a phone I can connect to the internet with as needed, as it isn't my primary device for web activities. Needless to say the phone is great. It's not an S3 but that's not what I wanted or needed. The phone has a great aesthetic. It very slim and the curves are pleasing. The phone is light in the hand but also feels well put together. I don't have huge hands so the phone fits in my hand. The call quality is what I have to come expect living in the city, which is pretty good quality as long as I am not underground or in a building. The TouchWiz interface by Samsung works and doesn't feel like it is cheapening my Android experience. I chose to use StraightTalk as my phone service and the phone play s fine with the service as an ATT phone. Also, I accidentally ordered a microsim as opposed to a regular sim card and the slim fits in my phone just fine. Can't say others will but my microsim from Straight talk works no issues. A friend had an extra regular sim he put in my phone that we had a hard time removing. So far a great phone and I will update if anything changes. Also, buy a protective case. The phone feels put together but I am not sure how many drops it would survive.
cellphone|In summary: Good phone if you come with midrange expectations, hopefully Samsung will include better specs next time around.Recently my iPhone didn't just crack, it shattered the very first time I dropped it. I've never been opposed to trying an android phone, just didn't want to commit 2 years and a large sum of money to something I could potentially hate, in addition I'm not interested in phones that are approaching the size of my face. In short I've been quite impressed and the transition was simple as pie. This is not a competitor of the iPhone 5, the specs are just not there, this is a competitor of the iPhone 4S, so I will articulate the differences. At the time of writing this, the Galaxy S3 mini is a full $200+ cheaper (around 40% cheaper) than the iPhone 4S yet I feel nearly comparable in quality.Physical Size: The Galaxy S3 mini is nearly the same size as the iPhone 4S, minimally larger, even though it has a 4 inch screen vs. the iPhone 4S 3.5 inch. In fact, it's so similar, the Glaxy S3 mini fits into the phone sleeve I bought for the iPhone. I have medium sized hands (like, literally, I work in a lab and wear size medium latex gloves), and I think this is the perfect size, my thumb barely reaches the top left corner while still holding the phone securely (i.e. with the first knuckle of my other fingers). I hope they keep future models in the 4" (max 4.2") range, a 5" is just not necessary or comfortable to walk around with in your pocket.Display: Again, 4 inch display vs. 3.5 inch on iPhone 4s, though there are less pixels (480x800 vs 640x960, respectively, 38% less). You can look at this two ways, because you have a 4" screen, you "get" to hold it farther away, or because of the lower pixel density, you "have" to hold it farther away (without noticing the pixels). This just means you just don't get the same clarity if you want to examine something closely. That said, all you have to do is watch the video included in the Gallery of the phone to be wow'ed by the screen, the colors do pop and it looks very nice. Just when you are reading text, the pixels are noticeable, especially if you are accustomed to a "retina" screen.Responsiveness: iPhone users will know the responsiveness of the screen, when you move your finger it looks like you are pushing a coin across the table. On the Galaxy S3 mini, there is a tiny bit of delay, this is more noticeable when moving the finger fast. In addition, there can be some stuttering of the screen if it is processing/downloading something else. These don't detract much from the phone but hope are improved in the next generation.Transition: First of all, I would highly suggest SmoothSync (contacts + calendars). I have all my contacts and calendars set up in iCloud and this software brings them to the Galaxy S3 mini in minutes, turned a potential nightmare into a dream. Next, the above said, there are some features, both physical- and software-based, that make up for the limitations. It has NFC capabilities, you just have to buy a NFC SIM card from your provider, which may be the source of some confusion, there also appears to be talk of a version without NFC though the once I received does have it. They have not set up NFC with my local transportation system yet, so I haven't spent the $30 on the SIM card, will update if/when I do. There is a micro SD slot, so you can chose how much extra memory you want up to 32GB (the phone says 8GB but when I first started it had about 4.5GB free), if you need more room, you can easily expand which is not the case for the iPhone. For the software, it's small but the live wallpaper looks really cool and I think makes up for the lack of pixel density. You can turn off/on GPS/Wifi/Bluetooth, etc. very quickly, just swipe down from the top and tap the icon. I like having "widgets" such as the music player right among the app icons, instead of having to open the app to play music, as well as a number of other small things. Software interaction is pretty similar, just have to get used to using the "back" and "menu" keys in addition to the home button.In case anyone was wondering, yes this does work for me in Singapore on the M1 network.So, again, overall happy with the phone, I will likely upgrade in about a year when I don't have to pay a recontracting fee. I will keep an eye on this line and hope they make some changes in the next version. I feel like this is a trial balloon...they are testing to see customers are interested in "smaller" (still 4-4.2" screen), which I definitely am. Some things that could be/I hope are improved:-Screen: Should be at least in the 600x1024 range, at 4 inches, this brings the pixel density close to 300ppi (like that of the 'full size' galaxy s3).-Processor: Bump up the engine to address the minor lag issues.-LTE: I mean, by next year it should be a pretty standard thing to include on phones.These are straightforward improvements that are already included on the 'full size' Galaxy S3, and would make this baby brother highly desirable to a wide range of people.
cellphone|I purchased this phone with the belief that it was factory unlocked. Well to my surprise, the phone is stuck on Edge, no 3G. I have tried everything on the face of this earth and do not know what to do. I am in Jamaica and usually unlocked phones work on any network, this phone I can only receive data (2G/Edge) on one of them. I spoke to the network (DIGICEL) representative and they said that it seems as if the phone is data locked.The other network (LIME), when I insert the sim it goes straight to roaming. Why?I am quite disturbed about this. Other reviews about the product I see have been great and that's why I went ahead with the purchase, why it had to be me to have the troublesome phone.HELP!
cellphone|Samsung makes a great product. I really liked the feature sets of the SIII and the Note II, but I really did not want a phone that large. The mini SIII has some very similar specifications, though not as powerful, still the phone has all the features I could need, and lives up to Samsung's quality. I've not had a reset once since in two weeks since I started using it. The phones reaction time is smooth, the access to Android features including Amazon Ap Store and Google Play is easy, and the standard use of the mini usb charger allows flexibility with other portable devices I currently use. If you are looking for a tablet and phone all-in-one, consider the Note II or SIII, but if you already have a great tablet, and need a well powered phone that works with all the bells and whistles, this is a great product.
cellphone|For starters, the phone does come fully unlocked when you buy it, brand new packaging and all. I received it quite fast and in great condition. It's 3G and wifi capable. Coverage varies on your service. I have Tmobile so it's not terrific, but suits me well when I need it. Besides the phone, the box comes with a USB adapter, ear phones (which I might add are surprisingly nice quality earphones), and the charger. It also comes with ear phone comforter replacements in different sizes for different sized ears which is a nice addition.Build (4/5): The phone is lightweight and thin, but has a good feel to it. I'm currently using a rubberized protective case which has worked beautifully, but I have to say I'm sure that the back cover would come off from a hard fall. The backing is a thin flexible plastic which made me feel uncomfortable with drops, so that's why I bought a case. The screen is like any other phone screen that probably scratches easily without a screen cover (I have that too). It's not Gorilla Glass like its older brother, but it holds up just fine if you take good care of it. The size of the screen itself is fantastic. You're buying the mini, remember that, so the screen is obviously smaller, but don't be fooled. In this case, smaller is better. The original S3 has an absurdly large screen in my opinion, which is a bit unnecessary (don't even get me started on the galaxy Note). For all original S3 users, I challenge you to hold the phone in your right hand comfortably. And try to touch the top left corner of your screen. Failed? The mini makes this possible allowing full coverage of the screen by your thumb in a single hand grip. I found this very nice to navigate through menus, apps, maps, etc. I love the size, and it also fits into a jean pocket much better. Overall, nice feel, thin and stylish design, just take care of it and it won't be a problem.Display and Camera (4/5): the only thing keeping this from being 5/5 is the front camera. Only at VGA quality, it's grainy, a bit slow, and bad in any lighting that's not bright enough to read in. But now on to the reason it's 4/5. The super AMOLED screen is beautiful for such a small phone and for the price. Again, It's not as vibrant and vivid as its older brother, but you're paying for a mini, so you're getting a mini display of it. At full brightness, you couldn't tell the difference (in my opinion, my friend has the S3). Unfortunately only reaching 720p, the display still is great for videos, games, and beautiful wallpapers. There is no auto brightness function, so you'll be finding yourself constantly adjusting the brightness in the pull down menu. I didn't mind this at all as it saves battery in the way that its not constantly adjusting itself. Plus I liked putting it to just the right brightness depending on the lighting I was in. The screen is just right for me and i love the look, and have even comfortably watched 2 full length movies on it. The back camera is only 5mp compared to other camera with 8mp. The 5mp does just fine at capturing video and decent pictures in good light. Low lighting is taken care of by the LED flash. The back camera is good enough for the price and has been good enough in all the situations I have been in. Bright camera and beautiful screen. Simple as that.Performance (5/5): The phone performance itself gets 5/5 because I knew going into it that it does not have the processing power of the original S3. With 1GB of ram, and Jelly Bean4.0 running out of the box, the UI is smooth, crisp, and easy to use. The phone runs 720p videos with ease if you have a good wifi connection or good 3G coverage. Games will run fine, but the bigger the game, the longer the loading times will be, and the frame rate will drop a bit every now and then but what do you expect from such a small phone running a giant game? The 8GB of space will do justice for the average phone user. If you're an app junky, there is a micro SD slot for more space as you definitely will be needing it. I have a few games and productivity apps, and the 8GB does me just fine. However, it is true that when you get the phone, all the basic stuff that's already on the phone leaves you with about 4GB of free space. But this problem is minuscule, as you're more than welcome to expand the space yourself. Smooth performance, great for casual usage. Allows app junkys to add breathing room. Perfect.Extras [Battery, sound quality, buttons, etc] (3/5): The aspect that accounts for most of those three stars is the sound quality. For such a small phone, I didn't expect much for playing music and what not. I was wrong. The sound quality on this phone is unbelievable. At its loudest, you might think its hooked up to a small speaker. The bass is clear and all types of music sound beautiful on it. Call quality is also fantastic, and when you put people on speaker, it has a boost option that makes it easier. The sound on its own is 5/5. The home, power, and volume rocker buttons aren't something to rave about. I found myself having to press the home button a bit more firmly that I wanted to at times, and sometimes I'd apparently press too far away from the middle of the wide button and wld have to press it again. The volume rocker is fine, but the power button seems to be a bit too sensitive at times. When I pressed it to unlock/lock it, the option to power off came up some times but that's only not picking (2/5). The battery lasts a full stretch day (lasts you into the night) with casual use. If you're on it 24/7, you'll pay for it in battery life. I suggest downloading JuiceDefender as it did a superb job at making the battery last 2 days with casual use. I keep power saver mode on and brightness on medium low, so anything above that I'm not so sure how it will fair. But it did just fine for me (4/5). Web browsing is also simple and easy. Nothing different than browsing on an iPhone 5 despite the text clarity on a retina display. Probably not comfortable to be on it all day to surf the net, but for the temporary search-up and news article, it works just fine (5/5). Another big let down for all non iCustomers is the App Store. A small trinket store compared to the massive mall of the apple App Store. But it had all the apps I wanted, but this varies from person to person (3/5).Overall 4 out of 5 stars because its exactly what I wanted and expected when I bought this phone. A little more than expected actually, as I doubted the screen resolution and performance considering the lowered specs. However, this phone is the little engine that could and then some. Does everything you want a smart phone to do in style. Light weight, fun to use, and a perfect phone for someone like me who thinks the S3 original is too damn big! Besides a disgraceful VGA front facing camera, there's absolutely no reason why you shouldn't get this phone if you're looking for a cheaper, smaller S3 or smart phone in general. Feel free to ask questions! Thanks!
cellphone|Purchased this phone about two weeks ago. It came new with American plug outlet adapter. Downloaded Galaxy s III manual PDF from internet, also there is manual in English in the phone widgets. Took me a while to figure out all settings and apps, camera and video, managed to download all my contacts from old phone using SD card.Uploaded Skype - it worked fine during driving on desert highway.T mobile works fine with their SIM card, showing E, 3G or H connection or no connection at the same spot during a minute. Regular calls are fine so far.Battery works fine and stays all day during playing games, calling, messaging, internet browsing and using camera. The phone itself is small and thin and light, screen is nice and bright.This is my first android smart phone and I like it. :)
cellphone|The Samsung S3 Mini offers everything I needed or wanted from a phone. The phone has Jelly Bean preinstalled, S-Voice, and plenty of other apps and widgets to get you started as soon as you unbox it. As far as the battery is concerned, I haven't had any problems with a charge lasting all day but that depends on the person. I would say I am a moderate user, I keep the GPS turned off when not in use and use the power saving features. If the battery is not large enough for you, there are extended capacity batteries, external backup phone cases or external battery banks. The Kies program available for download from Samsung is very user friendly for transferring files from an old phone or syncing files with a computer. The manual packaged with the phone was not in English but is available from Samsung's website as a PDF. The downloaded manual is VERY easy to understand, with step by step instructions and illustrations. I am using this phone on Straight Talk, with an AT&T SIM card and had no problems getting it set up. As far as Data connection, I am usually on Wi-Fi but have used it with HSDPA, Edge, and 3G.
cellphone|Excellent product: the Samsung S3 Mini arrived on time, very good. Much faster than an Iphone 4 and 5. There really people who criticize these teams but I say why pay more for Iphone when this wonder does the same and much faster. the resolution of the camera is excellent, the display screen and the application load is 2 times more effective and faster than any other tel (iPhone, LG, HTC. etc)   between an iPhone 5 and Samsung: the best team in the personal in screen resolution, density, recording, video, the Samsung is the winner.    Works for Venezuela (Movistar, Digitel and Movilnet) 3G perfectly.    Works for Ecuador, Colombia, Chile, Peru. etc.I recommend, is pefect and the relationship of the price is much better
