cellphone|Misleading advertising. There is no international warranty. I like my Iphone better because the screen is sharper. The touchscreen also seems slower. I've only had it a week and will continue testing.
cellphone|I don't know how it is possible but Samsung galaxy Sii with gorilla glass has a scratch on its visor. Probably because it is not a real gorilla glass. Poor Samsung. It will never be an apple. I am still waiting an answer from you about that. Thanks
cellphone|So far so good, the phone has arrive (USA Address)super fast, i just have to wait to arrive to my addrees in Honduras. as soon as I put my hands on ill update this comment
cellphone|Before buying SII had a Iphone never gave me problems, I bought the SII confiezo led by advertising and all the resources he had also by the Android system. After 7 months of use, the phone locks up often, it remains accessible to answer or make a call, does not allow to use .. I turn on or off, or get the stack or in short, get the edge of madness especially when you have to send an urgent message or make a call that can not wait. Today I decided to throw this phone in the trash and go back to my old iphone which fortunately still preserved. Do not know if it was a virus or that .. but I was on the verge of a heart attack and my children had to do very angry .... I'm better off without the SII.... Do not recommend ...
cellphone|Ordered this as a replacement phone, phone was delivered through Amazon but they should of packed in a box instead of a folded cardboard envolope. This listing should be updated to let people know that this phone is not compatible with Sprint as I found out the hard way, hence the 2 star rating.
cellphone|battery no good,and i can not use data ,and no much app,no use easy ,Samsung i9100 Galaxy S II Unlocked GSM Smartphone with 8 MP Camera, Android OS, 16 GB Internal Memory, Touchscreen, Wi-Fi, and GPS--No Warranty (Noble Black)
cellphone|llevado por la curiosidad y dada la fama del sistema operativo androide decide vender mi blackberry torch (he tenido casi todos los modelos de blackberry) y comprar este samsung galaxy s2 i9100 lo compre en amazon y aun no me llega a mis manos, fue retenido por la aduana y toco pagar 224 dolares de impuestos por este bendito celular desde ya estoy muy decepcionando, tanta demora y que no llene mis expectativas !!!!!
cellphone|Lo mejor de lo mejor!!!el telefono cumple con todas las espectativas.super rapido, la captura de video es asombrosa.los colores de la pantalla super amoled son muy nitidos
cellphone|I cannot believe that there is one smartphone like Galaxy S2 out there which is so amazing and user-friendly. It is THE best phone that i have ever used. The only thing that needs double- checking is whether i could be able to use it in China or not. If so, i will tell the whole world that iPhone no longer dominates smartphone market.
cellphone|The phone came in good condition and works ok. A few times it's shut down and rebooted for no reason, but this seems to be due to running too many programs at the same time and is probably fixable. I didn't like the case that came with the phone, so I'm going to have to get a new one, and the screen protector was very hard to put on straight. Lastly, it came flashed with miui, which is ok, but I'd have preferred the vanilla android build so that I had the option to flash it myself if I wanted.
cellphone|EXELENTE PRODUCTO, RECOMIENDO 100% AL PROVEEDOR. Lo recibi en buenas condiciones y las descripciones indicadas fueron las solicitadas al realizar la compra saludos.
cellphone|The phone is very fast and has great finish, but you need to recharge the battery every day if you use the internet or gps. Despite the battery last only one day, the performance of this phone surprised me. You will need a cover and protective films.
cellphone|I've had phone about 6 weeks and I lOVE it...zero complaints...battery doesn't last as long as other reviewers have said, especially at beginning as you're so busy playing around on phone...surfing every day, camera, whatsapp, twitter, FB, YT, I get about a day's use from battery..I hate when I have to recharge as I love my phone so much...it's a love thing :)Reading on it with Kindle app is great...no need for additional Kindle device. Camera takes great pics, little need for additional camera for everyday shots...I'm in the Caribbean and I was able to use straight out of the box...I have used US,C'dian and local sim cards...zero problems.No manual is included with phone but that doesn't bother me at all...a friend has an Iphone and was able to run through basics with me...very similar except this phone is better...BBM and Iphone users all want to switch...the touch screen is very light...phone can handle multiple apps with no reduction in power. Phone is very easy to use, my first smart phone...lots of android forums online so easy to get answers or information on phone features.Oh my phone woke up in English. Some German apps on it but I just ignore those...just one or two anyway...haven't figured out what they are for yet! Language settings?? they all there including 6 options just for English! Model is exactly as described...GT-I9100. My version is Gingerbread 2.3.5. I bought it from TRD-Trading GmbH
cellphone|Im glad with this phone. It come to me complete new with all its accesories. Is awesome! light and faster, very confortable. Love it
cellphone|Bought Galaxy S2 from WorldWide Distributors, that item is marked as an "International Version" however it's a Spanish version in fact, which has restricted set of languages' supported: Korean, English, Spanish and Portuguese only. Other European languages are not supported by this "International" device :(It's possible to set desired input language and say type an SMS, but phone can't send such an SMS, because language is not supported on the phone level. That's absolutely stupid :( especially for expensive top-level device :(I'm an Android guy and I was a Samsung fun, but next type I would consider iPhone which is really international :(
cellphone|This GS2 is very lihght compare to my old t-989.I would like to recomend this phone who travel abroad.5 x Invisible Screen Protector Shields for Samsung Galaxy S 2 GT-i9100
cellphone|the phone is very impresive!!! I love the features that it has, battery last enough to cover your working day using mail facebook, waze, twiter, etc. very lightweight and thin. My only complaint is that I bought an international version and it won't update the Android version nor Kies or OTA. This is annoying. it seems that the seller loaded a kernel that can't be changed at least easily
cellphone|The online offer for the Samsung Galaxy SII is much better than what I have to pay for in Hong Kong! It works great but can not display Chinese, still not a problem for an english user.
cellphone|The cell phone is quite good, bu he supplier is less than good. The item supplied was intended for a European market. The power connection was for a European connection,the brief startup manual was in French, and there was no complete manual. I think if as item is ordered through Amazon to a U.S. address, the type of required accessories required are obvious.
cellphone|As a former iphoner, I found the Galaxy s2 to be both a pleasure and a pain.It is very fast, rather intuitive to use, but at the same time a bit of a pain.The speed, screen and settings are pretty straight forward.However, it does take way too many button presses to perform a simple operation like dialing a number on the speed dial (5 keys).You have to "Save" any note or change you make, which is again extra punishment.Synchronizing folders between PC and phone is a "do it yourself" task and I still didn't find a good enough solution to something that was built in into the Itunes.Some idiosyncratic issues with the system. Less smooth then the iPhone, but overall very good. Since apple wants a 30% premium, I am still happy I went with this phone.Hope this review helps
cellphone|Perfect phone, received on time, working perfectly till now except for that the in-call voice is too law even when the volume is at its maximum. I bought from wireovia :)
cellphone|This phone does it all....I love it..the android market has everything..it has a great from And b ack camera...its just beautiful..
cellphone|Still a heavy weight smartphone. Blazing fast, great OS with great features. The samsung galaxy S2 is still a top of the line phone till this day.
cellphone|I bought this phone with the hope of replacing my Blackberry as my new black berry freezes alotThe product arrived on time and brand new in great condition thank you SellerI have had this phone for almost a month now and I am blown away at how good this phone is, the features and the freedom you have to customise is amazing. I would recommend this phone to anyoneJust to point out though the battery life isnt all that great as expected, the processor speed and the amazing screen drains the battery quite quickly and also it isnt the best looking phone out there in terms of aesthetics but its super thin super light weight and incredibly fast and feature packed. So it makes up for the small inconvenience. And oh when i purchased this i selected the I9100 and that's exactly what i got the I1900 not the i1900G. So i am not sure about the other reviews saying they got i9100G instead of the I9100 which is the better processor..
cellphone|Excelente telefono movil. Este equipo tiene las herramientas que necesitas para trabajar, mantenerte informado y entretenerte, de facil y agradable manejo. De rapida conexion. Lo recomiendo.
cellphone|Uno de los mejores smartphones del mercado. El upgrade a Android 4.0 lo hace m&aacute;s funcional y que la bater&iacute;a dure casi 18 horas. Es m&aacute;s liviano y barato que el iphone
cellphone|Great phone, I owned one before but this one came with a T-Mobile boot-up logo as well as Telekom apps. Not the unbranded Samsung unlocked international version I had in mind. It may work great but wouldn't have the resale value as a straight Samsung phone. Thumbs down for this OG Wireless seller.
cellphone|El mejor telefono del mundo (casi casi es la tapa del frasco de los telefonos), sin duda la mejor opcion actualmente.
cellphone|Now I didn't buy this phone on Amazon, but since I own one, I felt compelled to write a reviewLadies and Gents, price for specs, this is the phone to own, the only phone I would rank second to this is the LG Optimus 2X ... because that was the grandfather of the Dual Core phone age one of the best and not that much slower than the Galaxy S2But getting back, if you have the moola to spare, get the S2, I have owned this phone for just one week, I just migrated from blackberry and I am not looking back at all it's a beautiful piece of engineering, my hats off to the ppl at samsung they did wonders, I can only imagine what the S3 is going to be likeBut This last concern is for the ppl at amazon and I hope they are paying attention. this Item is listed as the GT-I9100 model .. but if you check the specs, the model says SA-9100 so anyone reading this .. please be aware when making your purchase !
cellphone|pluses- beautiful display, fast processor, SD card slot, big screen, lightweightminuses- slow camera, Android is not very stable, many apps did not work (because I think Google is not really doing good quality control)Amazon is as always best for shopping experience!!!
cellphone|The Amazone service is great, they have the best prices, the cell phone came in good conditions and works wonderful, it is a great cell phone, the delivery is fast and I dont'n give it 5 stars because it came without the respective manual that the owner should have because without it you couln't do it nothing, but my son has one and thanks to that my husband started to learn in part how does this wonderful cell phone works, it is the best cell phone we ever had buySamsung Galaxy S II Epic Touch 4G Android Phone (Sprint)
cellphone|galaxy s2 is pretty good phone bought it for the wife. 2nd bought from fgs trading the phone was suppose to come in next week on tuesday but its already here fri the 16th. This vendor is pretty good well continue ordering from this company.
cellphone|I brought it as a New Year present to my 20 years old son. He chosed Samsung Galaxy S II instead of the very market popular one which I felt strange at the begining, in the end I have to say that this staff is really fit.
cellphone|This smartphone has got it (almost) all!The only thing I haven't got here is Siri!The only negative thing I have to say about it is that I can't connect to Samsung Kies. other than that, I can't stop playing with it!Lovely product!
cellphone|I got this phone like 8 months ago, but I didn't write a review on it since I wanted to get used to the phone and its functionality so I can be fair with the phone itself. First off, I got this order directly from Amazon. Despite people's warning that there's no warranty for this phone and the unusual reported cases of Amazon and some other sellers selling the GT-i9100G series rather than the original GT-i9100, I decided to get one. I got the phone after 2 and a half weeks. Checked the model number and the android version since some people complained about both aspects. Mine was a genuine GT-i9100 with 2.3.4 Android operating system. I did have problems with battery but it isn't a problem at all when you actually get to know what you can do to save battery life in general. Yes, the phone itself is an unlocked version, MEANING.....it may not work with 3G or 4G. I did try both 2G and 3G, and they DID work. As for 4G, haven't tried yet. I dropped this phone a couple of times and had skid marks on the sides but nothing inside broke (that doesn't mean you should be dropping your phone irresponsibly). Overall, so far, no particular problems in terms of the phone's software or hardware configurations.
cellphone|I got this phone one month ago and i cant get away from it. For the first 6 hours i could not put it down. It also has good battery.I can make fro 5:30 am till 9:00 pm with moderate use. i could definitively recommend this phone
cellphone|Excelete telefono, el mejor del 2011 sin duda.. gran camara y video grabadora, procesador 1.2 doble nucleo, algo espectacular. delgado y liviano.. super amoled plus que mas quieren?
cellphone|fast, easy to use, delicate design and technological. Futhermorethis cellphone is ultra slim and lightweight. The product arrived ok, in time and good conditions
cellphone|I like the phone but I've had trouble changing the language to Spanish, is otherwise excellent and very fast. Thanks
cellphone|My biggest complaint is the poor reception characteristic of this phone. I have found a number of other factors to be somewhat obtuse. To be fair, most of the problems that I have had are probably tied strongly to Sprint. The phone's reception is just poor, however, as other Sprint users get signal on other phones when I cannot get service on mine. If you primarily use your phone outside in a nice flat area with lots of towers and no large buildings, or just use it as a camera, you may be happy with this phone. Personally, I get tired of having to walk outside to get decent reception. The battery runs down fast if I use the 4G or bluetooth features, otherwise, it is OK and it does recharge quickly.
cellphone|it was in perfect condition.. actually im answering from the Samsung Galaxy s2 in Caracas Venezuela! works perfectly!!! Caribecell rox
cellphone|This Phone is amazing works great . I love the voice to text .the voice recognition is the best i have ever used . works good on T mobile for you cheap people like Me . is not a 4G phone but hits H+ all the time .HSDPA+ is 4G .I cant install Flash player but I am working on it .and beleive it can be done . so yea it is a good phone . if you can get one new for under 400 bucks do it you will be pleased .it basically replaced my laptop . so if you dont like being without your computer You have to have this .
cellphone|- OS: Android is very nice, only I wish all the apps dindt ask for so many permissions like: access to phones contacts' data, serial number. Once in a while it freezes for a short period of time, but restarting the app solves it.- Device: great for my expectations, 8MP camera, is not that fast but holding it still helps you take good pics, processor is not so fast for modern standards (Nov 2012) but very nice things can be done, edit audio, pics, write notes, (you know). The most important thing for me, even when the new galaxy SIII is now out, is the size, very useful, not too big but not too small. Probably the only really BAD thing is that camera lenses are not very well protected.- Amazon experience: well... even though I'm from Mexico, I still buy here when I can, It's great when you buy from a seller and they send you your products by a delivery company (FedEx, DHL,UPS), BAD when you order via common postal service, USPS I bet is great but Mexico's is horrendous (this might have been stolen) , so amazon does an awesome job coordinating sells from other small businesses and great at not dealing with problematic bureaucracy.
cellphone|This phone was awesome when I bought it and it's still awesome today. I updated it to Android Ice cream sandwich and I don't even need to buy another phone now because this thing is AWESOME. I would rate it 6 out of 5 if I could.
cellphone|It's a perfect cell phone, I9100. Everything about it is OK, a clear talking, fast sppending internet and rich function including FM radio, camera and video player. In general, I pretty like it.
cellphone|A cell phone that meets most of the requirements of middle class people as well as the common. You find in it most of the communication needs that fill your life. I am not a phone expert but I love it.
cellphone|i order the phone, galaxy s 11 GT-19100 and igot a galaxy s11 skyrocket, it got to me without a box and with a battery which is not from samsung, and it does not last 24 hours, i was offered to have it change but if i send back the one i got, i will be left with no phone, and i'm in spain. This tnings are very important and details matter.
cellphone|I love my Galaxy S II GT-I9100 phone it has bigger screen than the iphone and the camera takes excellent photos. I recommend this phone to anyone shopping for an excellent buy.
cellphone|The phone is good. The only I wanted to tell is there was no Chinese language. If there is chinese language would be better.
cellphone|My son was so happy with this phone. He has been wanting one for some time now and was beyond excited to receive it.
cellphone|The phone is OK, but I discovered that you have to call the customer service of the Country where the phone originated (in my case UK), if you need support. Samsung customer service here in the US should learn a thing or two on how to deal with customers: but basically as soon as they discover your phone was not &#34;manufactured in USA&#34;, they try to dump you.Do yourself a BIG favor: buy an unlocked IPhone in an Apple store: whatever it happens to you wherever you are, what you'll need to do is stop by an Apple store and you'll get the support you need.Samsung decided to value better their relationship with phone providers, than the relationship with the single customer.Right now, they have a customer less.
cellphone|ON THE GO SOLUTIONS are very serious and responsible 100% recommended, EXCELENT PEOPLE, The product met my expectations, I am very happy
cellphone|el producto llego en excelentes condiciones, llego en el tiempo pactado y lleno mis expectativas sobre el producto. los recomiendo. very good
cellphone|este es un gran celular de muy buena calidad es de los mejore que he tenido, desbloqueado, tiene todas las mejores funciones
cellphone|I' ve allways been an iphone fan but defenitly not anymore, i love tecnology and i love this phone just amazing
cellphone|The phone works good and all but! the did not send me the charger! how odd? oh well! no stress
cellphone|saludos ya me fue entregada como lo ofrecido . este Samsung Galaxy S II GT-I9100 Unlocked Phone with 8MP Camera and Touchscreen... es exelente
cellphone|What a nice smartphone! Well, I used to have a Galaxy Samsung i-5500, so anything would be better than that.Anyways, despite of what I've stated above, I believe Samsung Galaxy SII is trully the best smartphone nowadays.It's by far, much better than Iphone 4s, and you are relatively free from Apple crap!Well, forgive for such a negative opinion about Iphone. I know iPhone and iPad were the breaktthroug of a generation, it's just because I'm such an anti-apple guy, since the Macintosh annoying computers!Thank you for 'listening' to me!Leo Castro
cellphone|I have a problem with the equipment, software damage and need to know exactly the version of this phone, and what country it comes from?please need an answer as soon as possible
cellphone|What does mind not warranty? if the cell fone doesnt work???it is unlocked only in USA? it could work in SouthAmerica?Samsung Galaxy S II GT-I9100 Unlocked Phone with 8MP Camera and Touchscreen - International Version (Black)
cellphone|I just came from an HTC HD2 and it was great, I didn't thought it could get better is so short time. I was wrong!After my HTC HD2 died I bought this one after reading some reviews and I got very good impression of it. I have been with it for more then a month and I am still finding it very nice and still learning to use it.Great piece of technologyVery well doneVery thin and lightweightFinish is splendid.The only problem I found until now is that my screen have a blue tint on it, specially if I bring the brightness down to 90%, so I keep it always at 100% which is not good for battery. The tint is also very noticeble by a subtle change of view angle. I read that a lot of people is complaining, some says it is a problem and that you can get one without tint, others says it is a characteristic of the SAMOLED display, I just RMA my one to get a new one and hope to get one that does not have blue tint but if it comes this time I will just keep it, because it is not big deal.I use it with a Ballistic case.
cellphone|I received the article and started using it, so far works perfectly. I liked this item because it has international warranty.
cellphone|Very good cell phone. Actually I think it is the best smartphone I have ever seen.Muito bom telefone. Testei varios e acabei escolhendo esse. Não me arrependo. Excelente, &eacute; o melhor smartphone que eu j&aacute; tive e j&aacute; mexi. Arrisco dizer que &eacute; melhor que o Iphone 4.
cellphone|This is a great product! The colors are amazing and the video recording if perfect.But it do not has international warranty as is announced.
cellphone|I am happy with my purchase and the fantastic support I received from this vendor. He stayed in touch and even monitored the transit of the purchase for me. I have purchased a number of items on amazon and believe that this vendor is the best one with whom I have done business.
cellphone|I chose this company over another due to "International Waranty. Love all the features, including the brilliant screen images. But found out that this unlocked phone is only 2G capable... slow in downloading youtube videos. Confirmed by my cellphone carrier in-store tech... there is an 'E' over the communications icon at the top. Even with this disappointment, I still like it on the mediocre level for other awesome features ... I will keep it but will do more research next time.
cellphone|Terrible waste of money, dropped calls, constantly freezing up, not user friendly at all. Bad calling reception...Battery is always used up.
cellphone|Take what I say with a grain of salt. I am no expert with smart phones. Having had a cell phone since they were invented, this is my first smart phone. I am a old dude and have had bad to the bone gaming computers since Commodore 64. This phone is the grand champion of all electronic devices. True to life, basically you get what you pay for. This is up the ying yang for cost, but it totally rocks! In every dept. me thinks. Have a groovy day!Alaska dude
cellphone|Have used the phone for 5 days. It's no doubt the most powerful cell phone before the release of Nexus Prime, with rather colorful screen display and good battery. The dual core processor performs better than HTC sensation XL and Atrix 4G. the TouchWiz 4.0 is also more carefully designed. Just perfect!
cellphone|El telefono es perfectoDesde que lo tuve en mis manos pude comprobar porque es el mejor celular del a&ntilde;o, comenzando por la velocidad y fluidez de sus aplicaciones y su interfaz, complementado con la navegacion por internet, ya que al poseer adobe flash player, permite hacerlo como una computadora.El telefono lo adquiri por amazon y estoy en Ecuador y funciona de mil maravilla, a&ntilde;adiendo que tiene garantia internacional por eso se los recomiendo
cellphone|Para mi de lo mejor del mundo hasta ahora!! es excelente..todas las aplicaciones vuelan y fue solo sacarlo de la caja y ponerle el simcard y listo.. el unico punto menos bueno,es q la bateria dura poco menos de un dia.. pero no es ningun inconveniente! ADORO el SII
cellphone|Warning! They are sending model GTI-9100G not model GTI-9100. That "G" on the end makes a big difference. The "G" unit has a cheaped down single-core GPU (graphics processor) compared to the quad-core powerhouse GPU in the 9100 non "G" models. If the quality of the internal parts matters to you, be warned. Returned.
cellphone|If you compare Samsung`s phones with Iphone or HTC, Samsung`s phones are just trash. I owned an Iphone and HTC before but I have a Samsung galaxy s II right now. It gets freeze, menus are popping themselves up. responding very slowly. Do not waste your money and time, just get an Iphone.
cellphone|the cell phone clearly is refurbished, the batteries are generic, and accessories like, do not say samsung on any side, for the cost of equipment one expects a quality product but in this case was not so clear as the international version is sold the most basic possible because hardly give it back to the seller, I'm from Venezuela and return freight costs involved. I thought it was a robbery
cellphone|El tel&eacute;fono excelente en buen estado y liberado como dec&iacute;a la publicaci&oacute;n!!0 detalles y funciono perfectamente la bater&iacute;a buena tambi&eacute;n gracias
cellphone|There is no way the battery provided with this phone was the factory original - it lasted 4-5 hours at the most. I will be forced to buy an actual new battery if this phone is to work.UPDATE: Now the phone does not turn on at all after 6 days of ownership. Great.Additionally, the phone comes with Chinese bloatware that I cannot uninstall. I have no idea what they do.Find another seller.
cellphone|I LOVE my phone!!!! Before this one I had a Huawei Ascend Y, and it was pretty awful. Going from that to this was amazing! I'm glad I opted for the I9100 version because I found in my research that it has a faster processor than the American one. I was so nervous about setting up with my service provider (I use Straight Talk) since it is a European phone, I was scared I would have problems with it. So far I have had NO problems and it works great. The reception is not quite as good as with the Huaweii, which had it everywhere, but it's still very good. The screen looks AMAZING, and the sound is phenomenal. I was really pleased with how much storage space it has and the camera takes some really great pictures. The only downside to this phone is how obsessed I am with it...my grandmother actually accused me of being addicted to my phone! :P
cellphone|Buyer should be aware that this phone is not compatible with the domestic Samsung Galaxy II accessories. The form factor is different (thinner and narrower & power button in lower location), so it will not fit the domestic cases. The battery is slimmer and narrower, so if you buy a spare battery or a case, make sure that you take the handset with you to ensure a proper fit. Perhaps the seller regards this as common knowledge to have not mentioned it, but it would have saved me some expense and difficulty to have known this at the time of my purchase, as I ordered these accessories, sight unseen so all would arrive in time for my international travel. Now I have a spare battery, remote charging station and a Ballistic case which do not fit this handset and no time to search for these items locally, presuming that they are even available.One more update... Cannot connect with domestic Bluetooth device!!! All attempts to search and find my Plantronics Voyager II fail. No Bluetooth device is ever found. This is a real concern. I wish to know if the European Bluetooth protocol is different than the USA version. Does anyone know about this issue?On the plus side, the phone started right up, is in English and represents the feature rich Samsung quality which other reviewers have summarized.
cellphone|Phone this version does not give you the option to change the phone language to Spanish! So not good for the Latin American market.
cellphone|excelente producto, confiables, bien embalado, segura, transmiten confianza. lo que dice es segun los descrito en que se recibe. muy bueno.....
cellphone|I really like the camera phone takes photos espectular I love the OS is fast compared to other phones besides friendly. 100% recommended.
cellphone|Me ha resultado un telefono muy bueno, si bien luego de casi un a&ntilde;o de uso me ha dado algun problema en el sentido que se cuelga y hay que reiniciarlo. Fuera de eso, es una peque&ntilde;a computadora de mano. Vale la pena.
cellphone|its great more than i expected its my first samsung phone LO recomiendoExcelente Producto muy muy bueno . excelente vendedor
cellphone|Excelente porducto, las herramientas y la versatilidad del equipo son muy buenas, tama&ntilde;o ideal, las aplicaciones son exelentes y para todo topo de usuario
cellphone|Excellent product. Not too versed with Android OS but quite happy with the device. Would recommend to others. Price was quite reasonable.
cellphone|phone does everything , great screen and responce time .light as a feather , i have to keep making sure i didn`t loose it
cellphone|Excelent service and excelent product! I love to buy with this provider. They always be kind and do good follow up to me
cellphone|I have returned the phone without trying it because the earphones were missing and I do not need a phone without earphones.
cellphone|This is everything and more I expected in a phone. It is light, fits in my hand well, has a fast processor, among many other things. I don't think there is anything about this phone that I don't like after using it for 4 weeks. Personally I think it is a better buy than the S3 right now even. If you are looking for a phone, get this one!
cellphone|Excelente m&oacute;vil, y la compra todo bien! el galaxy es el modelo I9100G, que es diferente al I9100, pero estoy totalmente satisfecha con mi compra y funciona muy bien aqu&iacute; en en Venezuela. Saludos.
cellphone|Altough this cellphone is one of the best in the market, the description of this particular item is false.It only comes with 7 languages: english (uk), english (us), french, and the other are middle east or asian languages.The package includes a travel chager (european version) with an adapter that doesnt work.My recomendation is to buy another version of this Galaxy S II.
cellphone|I bought two phones: A Samsung Omnia 7 with Windows Phone and this Samsung Galaxy SII.I can't believe how cheap the quality of SII is. Also the OS is zero friendly compared to my Windows Phone 7.Good things are the camera and the screen size...I like that.
cellphone|Samsung Galaxy S II GT-I9100 Unlocked Phone with 8MP Camera and Touchscreen - International Version (Black). The cell phone arrived to my house (Venezuela) on time in perfect condictions, the box was sealed to me is a good seller.
cellphone|Before purchasing the telephone I double-checked about specs compared with iPhone and I chose this GS2, and let me tell you I haven't been dissappointed at all. Processor, RAM, screen and Google Play are the most relevant advantages over the iPhone. As always, all those smartphones lack on battery duration, but you can handle it easily.I definitely recommend this one, you're going to experience what a real smartphone is!
cellphone|I think any thing i bought and sale by amazon that is excellent ? Therefore, I. Recommend ever one who want buy some thing from amazon should buy it from amazon direct not other because it really excellent what I. Saw before buy and what I got after I bought it the same
cellphone|Overview: The product is good for Google Product Users, but user experience in the international features are not too good. Gingerbread ROM is quite sloppy, hope to get ICS-Icecream Sandwich as soon as I can, and that this may helpUPSIDE:The good features I found interesting up to now is the joining of duplicate contacts (up to 5 contacts in 1) from diferent sources (Facebook, Linkedin, Outlook, Gmail, etc).Another Feature is the sliding on top of the screen for easy access to options of "killing" apps runninng on background, on/off for wifi, bluethooth, GPS, Sound and screen rotation.Found app "MEU CHIP" that make it easy to call independent of the carrier in Brazil.DOWNSIDE:There has been lots of loss of coverage in Brazil, and also doesn't have the Brazilian Portuguese language option.So far it does not update automatically or on Samusung's KIES to ICS - Ice Cream Sandwich ROMUser experience on settings and features for instance on facebook app, photo shooting, copying and sharing by e-mail/facebook, outlook e-mail, contacts and tasks is quite a downgrade from Iphone (I-OS) at least on the Gingerbread ROM that is native.Settings are hard, for instance I can't find for instance how to stop notifications from new messages. Dificult to find an user forum that is easy to chat and find solutions, and channel with tip videos on youtube not very complete.I wish I could trade this for the Iphone 4GS....I would be better off.
cellphone|El producto es tal cual la descripcion indicaba y en el envio llego en tiempo y forma.Estoy muy conforme con la compra
cellphone|This is a nice phone, great screen, very slim and light.But where is the international warranty ???????????????????????????I couldn't find any warranty card in the box.
cellphone|I've received it today and I am amazed by this piece of art, I am working on it for 5 hours and I don't wanna leave it.The size is bigger than expected, but that is good for surfing the internet, also you can add many widgets on many home screens.The phone is very slim and light.I recommend this product, Good luck :)
cellphone|This is my first time getting a Samsung phone. I loved the way the phone is setup but it is CONSTANTLY freezing. It freezes on average 2-3 times a day while I'm using certain apps. No clue how to fix it.
cellphone|Es un excelente telefono, lo compre para ser usado en venezuela, llego en excelentes condiciones y funciona en 3G para todas las operadoras venezolanas
cellphone|es rapido! delgado! bateria dura 2 dias!! levanta 3G!! tiene software 4.04! funciona perfecto movistar !! el mejorrr ningun blackberry le llega a los pies... VENEZUELA
cellphone|I bought Samsung Galaxy S II GT-I9100 Unlocked Phone through amazon. it was working fine but unfortunately, the phone has stopped to search the contact number. it gives an error message which is " the process android.process.acore has stopped unexpectedly. please try again" . i have troubleshooted to fix this issue but i could not fix it.
cellphone|This smartphone is a great product. I am From Venezuela and im using the phone with movistar, it give me Hplus all the time and is very fast and very easy to use. It helps you with a lot of task that you need to do daily, and is very good for use it like a student tool because it can recognize all the documents that you need to use. The screen does not scratch, the camera is awesome, and the apps that you can get with android are great.
cellphone|I have dealt with the iPhone 4s (a family member owns one) and Blackberry (I have one)and this phone is by far the best phone ever! I bought this international version because I am from The Bahamas and need to be able to switch out sim cards when I travel from NY to Freeport, Bahamas and I am happy I did. I attend school in the US and I'm able to install and use video and voice apps beautifully and seemlessly with my family and friends back in The Bahamas. Perfect phone for me and my needs.
cellphone|Overall, I'm delighted with the phone.VERY IMPORTANT: As of the date of this review (21 Sep 2012), the I9100 will only get Edge on T-mobile USA because it doesn't receive 1700 WCDMA. If you want 3g/"4g" you'll have to go to ATT or another carrier that uses the frequencies supported by the phone. These are documented at the Samsung webstie: [...]
cellphone|THIS CELL PHONE IS THE BEST, AND I AM USING IT IN VENEZUELA WITH MOVISTAR; IT WORKS SO WELL I HERE.
cellphone|The smartphone works perfect and is more impressive than any iphone you have seen before for sure. I can't say anything about the warranty, it suppose to be international and I hope I will never need it. My only advice if you buy one is... some companies in Toronto, Canada, and maybe around the world, have been offering this phone as a 4G, but actually this phone comes with a H+ speed, which is a middle point speed between 3G and 4G. Probably you won't find any difference with 4G now because the average speed in the market is slower than 3G and 4G, but be aware of it, you never know in the future things can change.
cellphone|I bought this phone for my friend. She is not very knowledgeable about electronic devices and had a hard time adjusting to this phone after his old Nokia phone. She was complaining about not being able to find menu items, which are only visible if you touch the appropriate part of the screen. She is also not good at using android store.
cellphone|This is also a present !Didn't open the box ! So not much I can say about the product - right ?Looks nice !!!But I heard is one of the best phones !I have the S3 ...it is nice !
cellphone|The Samsung Galaxy SII is an unstable piece of garbage that keeps freezing, loses track of what time zone it's in and has atrocious battery life. I will never buy another Samsung device again after my experience with this block of garbage. To make matters worse, there will be no more OS updates for it, even though the hardware should be able to run Android 4.2. I'm stuck with 4.0. Who knew Samsung would end of life a phone while still selling it?
cellphone|I am going to spend a year in France and I am loking an unlocked cell phone who work there .thank you , if you have any recomendation
cellphone|Well i bought this phone cause i wanted to keep up to date with the new smartphones. This phone blew me away it is much faster than our laptop and its a lot easier to use. The problem is that i can not put it down. This may sound like an exsaderation but my wife said she would leave me if i did not stop messing with my phone. Its the apps im addicted to and e bay is so easy you can browse all day. If i want to play on my phone now i have to sneak to the toilet for a long poo ha ha haAnybody who buys this phone will not be disappointed the only reason it got a 4 star and not a 5 is because of the poor battery life.Enjoy
cellphone|Wow! This is the best smartphone I've had so far. The screen is beautiful and this device is really fast. Camera is outstanding! 100% recommended!
cellphone|Let's put it this way. The micro usb port of the phone is failing for a very significant percentage of us customers. Android becomes crazy and detects battery over heating, it reboots, it enables driving mode, turns on Samsung Kies over and over... and all of this because the port is not working. Search through the internet and find out that this is becoming a headache for most of us. I would certainly turn it back if I didn't live 3000 miles away from the US.Piece of junk... I can't even connect it to my machine and fill it with music anymore.
cellphone|the phone dose not work well in the USA, But when i took it overseas i had do problemthe phone came in a repackage case and i realize it wasn't open for the first time, It also came with a motorola head phone. Im not pleased with my order therefore i would not buy from this store again.Adrian: Samsung Galaxy S II GT-I9100 Unlocked Phone with 8MP Camera and Touchscreen - International Version (Black)]]
cellphone|This pbonne galaxiII, was send with no memory card, I send to my son in Colombia and he have to buy the memory. Can you do somthig for me? Thank you.
cellphone|This awesome gadget works very good and works to me but I think Samsung must improve the life battery because it last a short time, less than 8 hours in normal operation with few applications.
cellphone|I am truly impressed with the versatality of the Galaxy S2. I have read many reviews and must say that some of them nearly put me off buying a Galaxy. I am not sorry I bought one, I have now bought 3 more for my wife and 2 daughters!
cellphone|This phone is amazing! It's powerful enough to handle any tasks designed for the top smartphones. I won't be surprised if Galaxy s2 will eventually beat the Galaxy Nexus S by overal feedbacks as well as by popualarity. I was lucky enough to get this phone in October for $530. Since I bought it the price was gradually increasing reaching $699. If you wanna be "an independent smartphone user", not being locked to useless services, applications and borring interface then this cellphone is a great solution for you!
cellphone|The only issue i've had with it is that i've had it for 2 days and it already got scratched on the back plate so PLEASE buy yourself a cover for it right away the backplate is stupidly easy to scratch.Speed awesome, reception awesome, battery life? was my main concern, it's been 12 hrs now of semi- consistent 3G browsing facebooking (not much calls tho) and i'm still 35% of battery left.
cellphone|Before purchasing this phone I compared several phones including the iPhone 4S. I was looking for a phone that would have fast performance, good camera, access to synchronization with my company's Mail Exchange server 2010 and personal web email, social network activity, and ease of use. Also, wanted the best price possible without compromise.I decided on the Samsung Galaxy Sii because has everything I want including the price. I have used it for a month now and feels I have used it longer. It is very intuitive and has the right size screen (I have big fingers). I used the manual only one time, the rest of the setup was very easy, again, intuitive.I spend a significant amount of time in Europe and this phone is perfect. It works with all the carriers I use and I do not have to adjust the SIM card like with the iPhone because uses the standard size. The phone came with the European plug and the adapter to USA electrical outlets.If you are looking for a phone that you will be happy with for many years look no further, the Samsung Galaxy Sii is the one you need.
cellphone|I purchased Samsung Galaxy S2 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0053HSZQG/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title and had very good experience with the shipper and the product itself. highly recommended and a great phone guess the best out there in the market today.
cellphone|I had the phone for a few days and it's really amazing. Performance, design, UI, everything runs smoothly. More than just a phone, best I ever had
cellphone|Excellent phone really quick, good screen, the trouble is the battery life... Excelente tel&eacute;fono realmente r&aacute;pido el &uacute;nico desacierto es la duraci&oacute;n de la bater&iacute;a y alg&uacute;n recalentamiento de cerca de la c&aacute;mara cuando se usan aplicaciones exigentes!!! Pero una buena inversi&oacute;n... y estoy seguro que con ICS va a funcionar realmente mejor!!!
cellphone|I have owned a Samsung Plasma and Laptop for over 6 years and am 100% delighted with their performances. So when considering a new Smart Phone, I researched the Galaxy S II (and the I-Phone, Sony, Nokia). It was delivered next day to me from AMAZON for a small shipping charge. It is a pleasure to navigate thru its functions and its 8.0 mega pixel camera is very convenient. I like the large numerals on the dialer and the Qwerty key pad. It will make nice Christmas gifts for the other members of my family.
cellphone|THE GALAXY 1900 I JUST BOUGHT OPERATES IN SEVERAL LANGUAGES BUT NOT IN SPANISH. IT IS A REAL DISSAPOINTMENT FOR SPANISH SPEAKING PEOPLE BECAUSE I THINK WE ALSO ARE GOOD CUSTOMERS. WHY THEY DONT EXPLAIN TAT IN THEIR ANNOUNCEMENT IN AMAZON?
cellphone|good day, the delivery time was fast, the team arrived in perfect condition, the cell is a marvel does everything they say and even more, I would totally recommend the best phone in the world until now ... The only bad thing was that the home charger that came with the phone, is not used in Latin America but I could fix :-( buy an adapter to be fitted to the charger which cost me a few cents and it works perfectly ...
cellphone|This phone is definitely an iphone killer. It has everything one needs. The screen is perfect. It is thinner than other high end phones. It works fast and can do anything a computer does.
cellphone|It is a very fast device. There are no delays when clicking an application. The integration with my google account is just perfect. It has an excellent screen size with a very bright high resolution. So far I lack nothing about it.
cellphone|The difference between this one and the usual android phones is the screen size and the front facing camera. I use skype a lot so i think it makes a huge difference.
cellphone|The phone is exactly as specified. Delivered on time and great to use. Even the headphones have great sound.More than happy with the product.
cellphone|I'm very happy with this phone. There is no problem with that and run very fast and light.If you want a real smartphone this is your option.
cellphone|Very good! Delivery and product! PERFECT! The best cell phone i ever had...Beautiful, fast, with a lot of functions and so easy to use!
cellphone|Better than the iPhone 4 which was my previous phone. Just make sure to update the firmware to have a decent battery life. By decent I mean 15 hours with wifi on.
cellphone|Great product, it was delivered in two business day, and works perfect with Brazilian service provider (Tim).It displays the logo of "T-Mobile" when initializing, but aside from that it works perfectly in Brazil, no configuration required.The only inconvenience is that turning it on for the first time, the language is configured to German, once you discover how to change it to English (or Portuguese) everything else works fine.The android market has a great variety of apps, I'm starting to like it better than my ipad.
cellphone|Best phone ever. If you want the best of the best this is what you are looking for Lightweight and powerful, forget the iphone
cellphone|Excelente Samsung Galaxy S2 GT-I9100, el producto lo recibi tal cual se describia en la publicaci&oacute;n totalmente nuevo, liberado para cualquier operadora en Venezuela. Recomiendo ampliamente a este vendedor. Gracias
cellphone|excelente producto, perfecto estado muy rapida atencion y respuesta a tiempo, envios seguro producto perfecto estado atencion muy buena gracias
cellphone|The phone its excellent but this is the french version, the processor was regulated from the original S2 and that make this model i little bit slowEl telefono es excelente pero esta es la version francesa, que fue regulada en comparacion al S2 original, y pues a veces se nota porque el telefono se pone pesado en algunos momentos, a pesar de eso sigue siendo un buen telefono bastante recomendable
cellphone|In 8 months I have problems in the sound parts and samsung usa asked me to sent the device to London. I I need an address in London for samsung deliverd the phone. It's crazy because I bought this phone in amazon.com from a famous seller ABE-123. I can't believe I'm living such a nightmare!I had called samsung UK for many times and they never look for a way to solve the phone problem. Always they'd brought more and more barries. And now, what amazon.com can do for me?
cellphone|Thanks to Amazon for it's on time delivery the phone is good so far. The only disappointment is that the manualis written in Spanish. So setting up of the phone is a bit awkward having to be going online to learn how to operate the phone.It was only Today I was on a flight and was required to turn the phone off and could not figure out where the power button was. I had to exercise some wisdom along with touching some buttons on and around the phone SMH in confusion. so I am still learning how to operate this phone it would be nice if the supplier could help me out with this it would save me some internet time. however I strongly recommend this unlock version of the Samsung Galaxy II to anyone it is an excellent phone.
cellphone|arrived from Germany with Polish instructions.It had a european connection which was perfect for me.But could be a small annoyance in the US (although it came with a proper adapter)
cellphone|screen size is perfect, for me it looks better than the Samsung galaxy s3 TALKING ABOUT size. I extremely recommend it!
cellphone|Love this phone, and love the price too... This phone is fast an works really well. Skype videocalls are great if you have a good data service or conected to wifi. The size of the screen is probably ideal, not as little as the iPhone but not as big as the Samsung S3... Recommend it! Note: I have observed a glitch, sometimes the home screen will show only half of the wallpaper... weird. I hope there's a solution to that..
cellphone|This SmartPhone is almost perfect, but the cam not as good as my blackberry 9780.I think that is the only contra....
cellphone|Very nice phone: ultra fast, stylish, light weighted.. a little big but the specs worth it.Pros:Fast CPU, I've installed CM 10.1 (JB 4.2) and runs smooth like the stock OS.Plenty internal memLight WeightCons:Sometimes result too bigNo indication ledBattery life: one day medium use
cellphone|es el mejor equipo que he tenido hasta los momentos, seriedad en el vendedor lo recomiendo en un 100%. excelente calidad
cellphone|Excellent product, arrived without incident and in perfect condition. New product, 100% recomiento seller, very responsible and punctual. The best relationship between price and quality, do not hesitate to buy. The phone is very functional, fast and has incredible graphics.Excelente producto, llego sin contratiempo y en perfecto estado. Producto nuevo, recomiento 100% al vendedor, muy responsable y puntual. La mejor relacion entre precio y calidad, no duden en comprar. El telefono es muy funcional, rapido y tiene unos graficos increibles.
cellphone|Bought this Samsung Galaxy SII back in Nov 2011 after getting frustrated with a cheap android LG Optimus One due to the severely limited internal memory for apps. (Lesson learnt: Always get the best phone out there if you want your phone to last at least 2 years)Pros:- Generous 2G internal device memory + 12G internal usb storage + 32G external micro SD card storage (bought separately) giving you 14G of internal memory to store those pesky apps which could not be moved to external storage.- Gorgeous Amoled plus screen. Black and colours don't look any better.- Pretty good camera.- Probably just the right size to use with one hand. I use the built-in Swype as my text input and could actually write faster than normal typing.- Fast, responsive and surfing the net with one hand is actually a pretty decent experience.- Wifi tethering works great.- Really enjoyed using the phone for the past year.- Latest android update 4.0.3Cons:- Battery life. All smartphones probably face this issue. Bought a 3500mah extended battery (which however makes the phone look ghastly - Samsung should really, REALLY, think about incorporating optional heavy duty battery packs into its design yet have a relatively slim, even, stream-lined appearance). The ugly extended battery allows for really heavy duty surfing and usage throughout the day or two. Activate android's power saving feature in settings for greater effect.- Home button also used for Vlingo's irritating voice talk feature, so you get to Voice talk instead of home. (Samsung - There's no need to ape Apple's Siri - voice recognition is a dead in the water feature for most people and not worth incorporating it as a core).Conclusion:I think this phone fulfils all my smartphone expectations and I think the chief difference for choosing between this older model and Galaxy SIII would probably be the screen size. But for one hand use, think this phone should be the best.
cellphone|Phone screen is very fragile, I can understand that. But the vendor I puchase this from, FSG Trading, via Amazon, was not interested in assisting me to get it repaired, even though I am willing to pay in full for the repairs. They simple said go get it fixed locally. My best advise- "Never buy from this vendor"! Not even a AAA battery....
cellphone|This was a gift for my daughter and the reason why I bought her this one is she already has an iPod touch, where she can do anything on the Apple environment. So, I told her it would be a great idea having an opportunity to see the alternate OS and find out what good things it has, and now that she tried it for a while she loves it! She thinks it was the right decision taking the chance to try the other OS as she now has access to both and she gets to do the same things as she does in the iPhone, so it's a good alternative. Now that the Galaxy S3 is out, she says the S2 is powerful enough and she does not think she needs any upgrade for the short term. Probably when the S5 comes out, in a couple of years, she will think differently, but by then Aple will also have a better offer, so we'll see...
cellphone|Very good product! It's attended my all my expectations. It is not the newest model, but low price has compensated it!
cellphone|This is the best phone ever, it has everything I need from a cell phone. I am really happy with my purchase.
cellphone|I recently purchased this phone despite all of the hype about the iphone, because I have only PC's at home and knew it would be more difficult to sync everything I've ever owned just to get the "glorious iphone". Simultaneously I had a friend get the iphone 4s. After using both at the same time a few things became very obvious- 1. the samsung is much lighter and inobtrusive, it feels more like a phone and less like a brick with a speaker 2. the quality of the picture looked sharper to me 3. the samsung seems much more user friendly. Of course if you're used to all of the Apple operating systems I suppose it's relative, but once you start with Apple you have to convert everything you've ever owned- completely not worth it. Quite frankly, I prefer the samsung hands down.It works great, I've had no problems with the battery because I only use the web sparingly. You really won't want to put this phone down! It also came quickly in the mail, in the original box, and has given me no problems. As an international customer, I was happy to see that it came with a European charger instead of an American one. If you're buying for use only in the US, don't get the international version, or at least be aware you'll have to buy a charger. The seller seems very credible and has a great product.
cellphone|I love this phone I recently upgraded to my first smartphone and I have to say it does more than I ever imagined a smartphone was capable of doing. This is really like you never have to be away from a computer wherever you go
cellphone|Excelent Phone, delivered on time, charger is european, but the adaptor came with the box, really nice screen.When connected to the computer with Kies automatically upgraded to Ice Cream Sandwitch.I also bought a 64GB Micro SD, that worked with the phome.
cellphone|I was very supprised with what this cell phone could all do and how fast it was doing it, it is very easy to carry it as it is much lighter then the IPhone and much faster and with better screen then it.Samsung Galaxy S II GT-I9100 Unlocked Phone with 8MP Camera and Touchscreen - International Warranty (Black)
cellphone|He comprado 4 equipos a este proveedor, con excelentes resultados. Muy cumplido. Sobre el smartphone puedo decir que es excelente, incluso la pila me ha sorprendido frente otros telefonos de igual gama o un poco m&aacute;s baja que he tenido, ya que se ha comportado muy aceptablemente. El software "Android" impecable. Dos telefonos llegaron en aleman, pero se cambia el idioma y perfecto.I bought 4 teams of this provider, with excellent results. Very satisfied. About the smartphone this is excellent, even the battery has surprised me in front of other phones in the same range than I had, as it has done very acceptably. The software "Android" impeccable. Two smartphones arrived in German, but changing the language works perfect.
cellphone|This phone is the best on it's category. Has a great display, user friendly interface and allows lots of customization. Freedom to the user is the greatest point.
cellphone|first experience with android and have to say the phone itself is amazing..android is still behind apple in terms of user experience though.don't hesitate to buy this darling.
cellphone|The samsung galaxy s2 is the best phone I've had to date hands down! battery life is much better than reported ( i have been getting roughly 15-18 hours per charge with average use of internet browsing videos camera games and various apps and calls and i never let it go below 15%) and it has been giving mw no problems. still early days (3 to be exact) but i am very impressed and would recommend it to anyone. the screen is AMAZING and there is no lag at all. physically despite the flimsy back cover the whole unit is quite sturdy and very light. it fits in my pocket without any problems. viewing angles are incredible also and this super amoled plus rechnology is quite awesome. i think this is definitely the phone of the year!Edit: i did this entire review from my sgs2 ;-)
cellphone|661$ for what ??? I paid 25$ extra for the one with the International Warranty . I paid another extra 15$ by buying it from Amazon.com not from the other retail sellers as I didnt want to get frustrated. Well, here we go, I opened the package and saw there was no seal on the box. The phone had dirt all over it. And the biggest problem : there was no WARRANTY documents ... I am so much frustrated and angry right now. Filed a claim and sent the package back. I'll see what happens next as I still want to have this AMAZING phone !!!update : I did get my money back and got another one with warranty and I am way more happy with it since then.It is an incredible phone, way better than so called Iphone 4 and 4s. Recommend it to all !!
cellphone|After buy this phone, I stoped using my computer a lot because the phone can do EVERITHINGI can read news, check the mail, answer the mail, chat, etcAlso I can download music directly from internet without a computer (Not like Itunes and it monopoly)Android is excellent and running over this tiny computer is awesome.In only one word I can describe this phone as Excellent.***************************Luego de comprar este telefono, deje de usar mi pc un monton, porque este telefono puede hacer de todoPuedo leer noticias, ver el email y responderlos facilmente, chatear, etcTambien puedo descargar musica directamente de internet (Megaupload) sin nececidad de una pc (No como Itunes y su monopolio)Android es excelente y corriendo sobre esta joya es aun mas sorprendente.Excelente es con la palabra que lo puedo describir.Saludos desde Costa Rica.
cellphone|lo compre para usarlo en m&eacute;xico y funciona al 100,sin tener que hacerle ningun cambio, solo la bateria que le dura 36 horas pero espero solucionarlo con otra de mas capacidad
cellphone|I don't know why but the camera and battery didn't work. It fell down from a chair and the display screen broke. Don't buy from this seller EVER!
cellphone|I could not get android upgrades since I bought the device. Kies says that the device is not eligible for upgrade. Some offer to root the phone for upgrade but I don't want to root it. This problem could be mentioned on the page at amazon.com. If I knew device has such a problem I would not have bought it.Secondly, the internal (system) memory gets full in every 2-3 months and I have to reset the device to factory settings again and again. There is no solution for this and Hey! I had not been warned that I was about to buy a defective device.
cellphone|Product in perfect conditions, box complete. The phone is the same model that is in the ad. Deliveried on time.Works perfectly!
cellphone|Samsung Galxy II is one of the best phones.Considerations:It is I9100M not I9100, so it only has English, French and Korean languages, no Spanish. For me, it is not a real international version.Kernel version is not the standar version of I9100 it has 3.015-i9100mugld3, if you want to root or advanced options, it could be a little different.
cellphone|The mobile is great but the battery onlu last for around 8-10 hours without using very much the phone, so you have to be always with the charger or another battery.
cellphone|This item Samsung Galaxy S II GT-I9100 Unlocked Phone with 8MP Camera and Touchscreen - International Version (Black) has been nothing but trouble. After a couple of months it froze. Could not turn it off, nor on past the Galaxy SII image. Could not do reeset of any kind. Had to find someone who could load up original software from scratch. Since then it seems to have trouble recognizing 4G signal. It works okay on WIFI but with 4G I have to restart it about every 20 minutes. Then it tells me that Internet has stopped again which is not the case. Also, all of the home page icons disappear several times each day and yes I have to restart to get them back. And the battery sometimes runs down in one hour even when not in use.I have tried a soft reset and factory reset to no avail. After the factory reset I tried to sync with my desktop and it proceeded to delete all of my contacts from the computer.Oh, and by the way I have not been able to find anyone in Samsung nor at Amazon who wants to know. Apparently this Samsung product comes with no guarantee even though I was assured when I purchased it that Samsung would stand behind it. Unfortunately I did not get that in writing.Lesson learned: No more Samsung and no more purchases of similar items from Amazon.Overall a very bad experience with both the product and the seller.
cellphone|The phone itself is excellent. It's sleek and very responsive. I've messed with other android phones in the past and it always felt like there was a slight lag whenever I pressed a button or if I was using the touchscreen. The Galaxy S2 doesn't have any of those issues. The phone is easy to navigate, has good battery life, and I'm happy with it overall.The only downside is that it will not work with T-mobile 4G in the US.
cellphone|they advertised the non-G version here and thats what i ordered cause thats what i wanted. when i received the phone, it was the G version. i contacted customer service i was reassured it would work just the same.however, from couple weeks after receiving it, the problems started. it freezes, restarts on its own, turns off by itself,cannot connect to kies etc. now, the vibrator motor doesnt work. its dead. i had to order a replacement part from hong kong and currently awaiting delivery. i think i got a very bad deal..too late now to return it
cellphone|muy buen producto tal cual lo describen y llego rapidisimo, funcionando al 100% en Claro El Salvador, y sobre el telefono esta exelente con esa pantalla Super AMOLED los colores son impresionantes.
cellphone|Samsung Galaxy S II GT-I9100 is simply better than the best. I started to use this phone alongside with a different brand I found it the best to use and to carry. Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic is one of the unique features of this phone.8 MP camera with LED flash plus Geo-tagging, touch focus, face and smile detection, image stabilization have just been outstanding features for me. I am loving this phone and it's all features. Big screen, good to watch videos and games.
cellphone|I love this phone. I had iPhone 4s and I still prefer this one. Bigger screen, and something that for me is very important Battery!. It last longer way longer that iPhone. The camera is great too. On the cons, a few minor details I don't like android so much, contacts are very difficult to manage, and that's it.
cellphone|excellent cpabalities, amazing screen, very fast and easy to use...lots of application from the market, very useful. a bit big in size but very slim.
cellphone|I have bought this phone about a year ago. Hardware wise it is just fine however the phone shuts down unexpectedly with the battery depleted afterwards (it could be just 5 minutes after being fully charged). The problem is known with Galaxy s 2 (just google galaxy s2 shuts down unexpectedly) and related to the OS (4.0.X ). Update date to the OS is unknown. In light of this issue I don't recommend anyone to purchase it until software update is released.
cellphone|Muy buen producto, todo excelente lo recomiendo.. tal y como fue descrito el telefono por el propietario, la cual llego muy bien ..
cellphone|The basic problem with bad reviews is Samsung not sufficiently advertising the wide range of family products, the lack of investigation from customers and the sellers not being throughout in the description of the products; because this is one of the best cutting edge phones available, even now in early 2013. In my case, this purchase was fantastic, I received (in time) a Samsung Galaxy S II GT-I9100P and is one of the most amazing phones in the S II family if not the best. However, I recommend the seller to be more specific about the particular item it's offering. The one they sent me is the same as the GT-I9100 plus it has the NFC technology; it's the european version, first released in late 2011; started in spanish, provided by Movistar-Spain (it has a subtle small white logo in the back, at the bottom, and has some Movistar apps in the system as well), it came packed with Android "Ice Cream Sandwitch" 4.0.4 and upgradable to "Jelly Bean" 4.1 (at least) via the Samsung KIES software. I hate huge bulky phones, yet this one is so thin and light I have absolutely no complaints, I love Apple products but I prefer the S II over the Iphone, in part for the Android system, but it has top notch design, hats off to Samsung (even if you say it's a rip off), and even though the S III is a bit more capable I still prefer the S II for the disign. The only drawback I have found so far is the poor battery life, with regular to extensive use it barely last a day, don't use the wi-fi or data package and you're good to go, but I don't see the use of having a smartphone and not be internet connected. For a great full description of the phone you can search the article in wikipedia, it's even better than the Samsung's web pages descriptions.
cellphone|very good , muy buen producto , excelente atencion, lo recomiendo 100 % . . . . . . .
cellphone|This phone WOULD receive a five-star rating if it wasn't for the fact that it broke after seven months of light use. It will not register a cell phone signal matter what SIM card is used even in places with a strong signal on an identical phone on the same carrier. It's definitely a hardware problem as I've tried erasing the phone and re-installing the android software from scratch. Samsung will NOT honor the warranty and they simply keep repeating that the phone's IMEI number isn't in their system. So now I have a $585 paper weight. Thanks Samsung.
cellphone|Excellent product, everything works perfectly, all the package arrived without problems, works in Venezuela Movistar to H +, the product is worth because the hardware and software are high technology according to the sales price. Recommended 100%. Do not forget to buy.
cellphone|This smartphone is Great. I love it! too fast, is light, I can install a lot of applications, games and more. the camera is surprising good.
cellphone|Compared to other phones on the market I would definitely have to say I love it. Apps are easily accessible and the interface is very userfriendly!
cellphone|Accessory) I bought the tel 1 month ago in USA. The phone comes in a box with charger Movistar European (2 round pins, plus an adapter for flat USA plug) The phone is unlocked, but not a "factory unlocked original".Use: While in USA the phone froze a few times. Nothing terrible, but it seems that the unlock was a topic of soft. Data connection through wifi is very good, but the phone activates the power saving mode and the wifi often disconnects when the tel. is idle (idle enough to get him back online) The quality of the device is very good, it has very good sound on the loudspeaker and the definition of the screen is great. The sound quality is also very good to talk. The battery lasts approx. 1 day according to use (like most current smartphones).My opinion: SII seems a very good alternative to the iPhone but 1/3 cheaper (comparing prices for unlocked devices). The software platform of Android (google play) has the same popular applications that are available for apple (dropbox, instagram, social networking, games, etc, etc, etc). For USD400 I think this is a great alternative, I am very happy with the purchase.Compr&eacute; el tel hace 1 mes en USA. el tel&eacute;fono viene en una caja de Movistar con cargador europeo (2 patas redondas, mas un adaptador para patas planas de USA) El tel&eacute;fono est&aacute; desbloqueado, pero no es un "factory unlocked original".Uso: mientras estuve en USA el tel&eacute;fono se congel&oacute; unas cuantas veces. Nada terrible, pero pareciera que al desbloquearlo qued&oacute; alg&uacute;n tema de soft. Laconexi&oacute;n de datos x wifi es muy buena, pero el telefono activa el modo ahorro energ&iacute;a y el wifi suele desconectarse cuando el tel. est&aacute; en reposo (basta sacarlo de reposo para que vuelva a conectarse) La calidad del aparato es muy buena, tiene muy buen sonido el altoparlante y la definici&oacute;n de la pantalla es buen&iacute;sima. La calidad de sonido para hablar tambi&eacute;n es buen&iacute;sima. La bater&iacute;a dura aprox. 1 dia seg&uacute;n el uso (como la mayor&iacute;a de los smartphones actuales).Mi opini&oacute;n: el SII me parece una muy buena alternativa al iPhone pero 1/3 mas barato (comparando precios de aparatos desbloqueados). La plataforma de soft de Android (google play) tiene las mismas aplicaciones populares que se consiguen para apple (dropbox, instagram, redes sociales, juegos, etc, etc, etc). P
cellphone|There are two major issues with this handset which I received: I received I9100P1. I am not able to connect to AT&T GoPhone(prepaid) data plans. AT&T customer care says its not possible to use this handset.2. The battery backup is not as expected. Screen display is consuming lot of battery even if the settings is in low brightness. My earlier Samsung smartphone had better battery backup for the same usage.
cellphone|I did not get my phone from Amazon, but the Samsung Galaxy S2 is the WORST phone I have ever had the displeasure of owning. Thankfully, I was with my provider so long that they gifted me with any phone of my choice. Desperately wanting to get rid of my Blackberry Curve and go outside my usual box of phone choices, I got the Galaxy S2.I have no idea why anyone likes this phone so much. It looks nice but that's about it. It constantly turns off when I'm trying to make a call. I had to spend TWENTY MINUTES trying to find where to even make a call in the first place! And I am only 20 years old, I can figure out new technology in a few minutes.The sad excuse of a keyboard is the biggest problem. It's a touch screen, and the keys are so incredibly, ridiculously close to each other that even autocorrect (which is an abomination within itself) always gets what I am typing wrong, and I've got pretty slim fingers. The spacebar is so freaking tiny and far down that most of the time I end up hitting the period button and every.word.ends.up.being.typed.like.this. I am a fast typer, running well over 80wpm on keyboard and probably nearly as fast on any cellphone I've ever used and I cannot describe how annoying this is.And the MOST annoying thing about the sad excuse for a keyboard is the permanent button that switches between English and Spanish. I can either focus on trying to type things correctly, just to look back to my text and see half of it is in spanish, or try to guess at what I'm typing and watch the screen every second. On every phone I've had before, they keyboard was the best. This is horrible.They say that the S2 has no option for notification lights, but when you look near the front facing camera, there is indeed an option for notification lights, but for some reason just doesn't work? Does that have any function at all?The phone also has no option for setting an alarm AND being able to turn the phone off, and the alarm would still sound. I DON'T MEAN SLEEP MODE. These are entirely different. So I must resort to keeping it on. Of course occasionally I have to turn it off completely so that it doesn't glitch, but I could do this every day and it would still glitch constantly. When I had a lock screen, it would frequently glitch and load the screen up in the corner, making me have to turn it off and restart so I could use it properly. Nearly each time I've had to make an emergency call to a friend or family member, it just shuts right off!It also comes preloaded with SO MUCH CRAP that I will never use and uses a good deal of the memory. I also am forced to update the software, which doesn't do much. All it does is add on more programs and networks that you will never use.Rearranging icons is difficult; hold, wait, drag. hold, wait, drag. can't just move anything and it's slow.And lastly, the reception is horrible; no one can ever hear me. That may just be my provider, though, even though I am supposedly in a "hot spot" for them. I've never had issues before this phone.Even my sidekick was better.I could go on more, but my point as been made. I regret this phone and will be getting something different as soon as my contract is up.
cellphone|If you drop the galaxy S2 and the screen becomes damaged, do not bother to repair it, the original Samsung screen replacement is $150 to $ 200, cheap china made screen is around $90 to $120. In top of that you have to add the labor cost. The risk of repairing it for such a high price is not worth it, just drop in the garbage and buy a new phone.It is good material for an artificial reef.Lesson learned if you are going to buy an unlocked phone with a price range of $400 to $600, first check how much the replacement screen is.
cellphone|I was a little scare about buying this phone afraid of maybe it is not what i was waiting for. But the phone it is just great working perfect with my AT&T 3G sim card. I didn't get my 4G yet. It is fast and no problems at all.Just when you start it you have to set up the language and it is ready to go.The screen it is just beautiful very bright with deep colors.Download and surf the web sites very fast nothing to compare to other phones I think it is the best phone out till now.The videos and video games working just perfect (some mp4 videos that i had didn't work but I convert them to the right format and they look and work very nice).Only having problems with the Wi-fi connection so I am leaving my phone just working with the data plan all the time. Well I have unlimited data so that is not a problem. And about the warranty i got one from a other company. Well the phone It is worth it the extra money. I hear that Samsung is going to release new more powerful phones but i am sure I will be happy with this phone for a long time. Sorry Apple but this is a winner.I think Samsung really got a GREAT PHONE!!!
cellphone|the best android ... Thanks and Congratulations Amazon!Definitivamente los felicito todas mis compras han llegado a su destino, y en cuanto al SamsungGalaxyS2 llego a su destino pero todavia no a su due&ntilde;o! ningun inconveniente ! recomendados!
cellphone|Hello my name is Jose Garcia bought a phone on thanksgiving day, finally when I got my phone It says IMEI UNKNOW these means that I don't communication no matter what I do! this is a completely sindle
cellphone|El vendedor en ningun momento especifica que el telefono es usado, por favor tenga mas seriedad en sus ventas, el telefono llego con muchos detalles en la carcaza, es un irresponsable.
cellphone|el telefono vino con defecto de sofware no bloquea la pantalla ni con clave ni con patron ni con bloqueo facial y la bateria vino da&ntilde;ada no dura una hora cargada
cellphone|hello, my question is, the product model (Samsung Galaxy S II GT-I9100 Unlocked Phone with 8MP Camera and Touchscreen - International Version (Black)) is Samsung Galaxy GT-I9100 or Samsung Galaxy GT-I9100G?
cellphone|This is the best phone that I have had; you can have a lot of free applications in the android store.
cellphone|The product arrived at the agreed time and to the data shown, the only detail was that the device came with an anomaly, it is presumed that it was in transit. Recommended seller.
cellphone|I had a lot of expectations about this phone because of all the great reviews and advertisements in the web.Pos:- Camera: takes awesome photos and videos at daylight and also at night! i never seen a phone with a better camera than the galaxy s2- Screen size and display: great colors and great size comfortable for typing and finding the apps- Very thin and lightweight- PriceThe only bad thing about this phone is the battery life, :( and i dont know if the voice command only works in a wireless connection, but i really recommend to anyone so thats why i give samsung galaxy s2 five stars for this wonderful phone
cellphone|pretty cool phoneno problems at all, even tho it is hard to swap to Android from iPhone - lot of different settings etc ...very glad I got rid off my iPhone tho ...
cellphone|Hi,I just got my phone GT-I9100G last Friday.. Without knowing the issue about GT-I9100 and GT-I9100G, I started using the phone and fell in love at first sight and touch.. It is a awesome phone , way better than iPhone 4s .. Now today while I opened the review of this phone in Amazon I came to know about the fight between G and no G.. I became concerned and worried.. I did a deep research online.. First I came to know G at the end comes when it is made outside US.. And then after a extensive research I am convinced that both these two models have ALMOST identical product features and they both have a little advantages over other.. If you are concerned about the battery life, less over heating, then G is better than no G.. GT-I9100 uses 1.2Ghz dual core Exynox 4210, while GT-I9100G uses 1.2Ghz dual core TI OMAP4430. This is the only difference.. So it is reported that GT-I9100G might feel lag when opening up too many app compare to GT-I9100 model. Believe me, I did not have this problem with multi-tasking though.. So I have decided not to return this model as I am not a hardcore gamer and l do not like to play with the custom firmware and kernel modification thing. To me battery life and less over heating is more important.. So it is time not be afraid with GT-I9100G... Probably it is better than GT-I9100...For more information, see the link..[...]
cellphone|This mobile was already used and I guess they change the covers, because it was with glue around the borders....also the telephone was BLOCK! so this means that they dont sell factory unblock mobiles....they unblock them at the store....
cellphone|It's ok, it didnt come with the SIM unlocked and the model was sgh-i777 so it was not as described but i'll try to make it work
cellphone|First of all the device is great ( not this particular one, in general).The problem is when I bought the device it said international warranty but it never had one ( you don't have one in US).Then with tracking the IMEI number I found that my device is from brazil, so to get international warranty(except US) I tried to register the device. I couldn't because Samsung Brazil website wants Brazil citizen number( or something like SSN) to register the device. That means at that time I paid extra 100 dollars to Amazon for nothing!!!Secondly if you are into xda-developers you can get amazing performance from the device.!!!!!Most important part of the review: Please check condition of your battery all the time! If it gets very hot when you charge it, or if the battery's shape has changed(like swollen) get the battery out quickly and get a new (original ) one. This is very important guys.!!!!!Right now my battery is swollen and when I try to do some heavy things(like surfing on the web, or playing games) the screen flickers and then the phone turns off. When I restart it again, the battery percentage is 1% and it turns off itself again.Other than these issues, the phone gets hot a lot (especially in summer time don't leave it under direct sunlight).If you are having software issues, try installing custom roms because already you don't have a warranty thanks to Amazon!!!
cellphone|Front camera didn t work,the rest of the phone is really fantastic.The quality of the phone,the wi fi antenna and the programs are fantastic
cellphone|I love this phone. It is really sleek and easy to use. So far I have had no problems at all with it. Admittedly, it is bit larger than my previous phone(a Blackberry Bold 9700 which gave me no end of trouble, until it leapt off of my bedisde table and the screen went white), but the thin build makes up for the height. I went for this one over the Samsung Galaxy S III because of the price and size (it's smaller than th S III) and it would allow to have almost the same experience as the S III.
cellphone|I give it a 4 star because at times it suddenly shuts down and i have to pull out the battery in order for it to start again. Ive been reading about this issue and apparently it has something to due with the battery contacts lossing contact with the phone ones. other than this great phone
cellphone|Ordered GT-I9100 as stated on Amazon but received GT-I9100G from Global Mobiles. While I am aware that they are highly similar, I specifically ordered the GT-I9100 for the Exynos processor which is not available on the "G" version. Will not be ordering from Global Mobiles again.
cellphone|I ordered Samsung Galaxy S II GT-I9100, but a T-Mobile version of S2 (Samsung Galaxy S II sgth-989) was sent. It does not work properly with other carriers.
cellphone|I had this phone for about 9 months and thought it was the perfect phone. Everything seemed perfect. Then, suddenly, the maps stopped working. I was driving out in the country and when I tried to use navigation, the map app simply reported "Waiting for location" and never started working. It hasn't worked since. I have searched for insight online and have found that numerous other people have experienced the same failure of their maps. Nothing about the map app works any more; I can't view any map nor navigate. Fail. This phone is below valueless because it is almost dangerous. Do not buy this phone.
cellphone|Te cell phone is good , nice , and new....... but it is not as described . It is not the GT-I9100 model, instead it is the GT-I9100G version. I got rid of it within three days.
cellphone|the phone is not new and has repowered damage and sell it as new which is a hoaxSamsung Galaxy S II GT-I9100 Unlocked Phone with 8MP Camera and Touchscreen - International Version (Black)
cellphone|I RECEIVED THE PHONE ON TIME AND THATS THE ONLY GOOD THING. THE PHONE WOULD NOT UPDATE ON SAMSUNG KIES SOFTWARE, RADIO DOES NOT WORK, SWIPE DOES NOT WORK. I WILL ADMIT THAT THE PHONE WILL MAKE AND RECEIVE CALLS.BUT THATS IT. DONT KNOW WHY SELLER PLAYED WITH PHONE. THE PROBLEM IS THAT ITS NOT WORTH RETURNING THE PHONE FOR A REFUND AS I AM OVERSEAS LIVING IN THE CARIBBEAN. PHONE WAS BOUGHT AND SHIIPED TO A FREIGHT FORWARDER. WOULD NEVER BUY FROM THIS SELLER AGAIN.
cellphone|The GT-i9100, also known as the Galaxy S II is one of the best android phones on the market. However, there are two factors that prevent it from attaining a perfect score. Firstly, there are known problems with the camera sensor, there are two different kinds out there, and it is mostly up to chance whether you get one that works or one that doesn't. The other issue is really poor samsung support, after scouring the xda forums for a solution it was evident that a possible firmware solution to this problem, has yet to be released to the public.Design: This is one of the thinnest dual core phones out of the market. Coming in slightly thinner than my girlfriends iPhone 4s. I appreciate the fact that the headphone jack is located at the top of the device. My previous Droid (Inspire 4g) had both the usb port and headphone jack on the bottom of the device, it was quite crowded, and unsightly. You have your volume rocker on the left side of the device. It can sometimes be difficult to tell if you are hitting the button, as the volume rocker cannot wake up the device. The power button is located on the right side of the device. This is not only an odd place for the button, but it can be very irritating if you are holding the device with one hand and accidentally hit the power button, forcing you to re-enter your PIN or Pattern. I think the power button would have been fine up top with the head phone jack.The international has one tactile button and two capacitive buttons. This is one button less than the American version, which has a dedicated search button. While initially i missed the dedicated search button I have learned to live without it. The tactile button is your home button similar to the iPhone, you press this to take you back to your home-screen. You can double tap to activate Samsung's voice command module. The capacitive button to the left is your menu button, and the one to your right is your back arrow button. Both are responsive and function the same as the American version.Display: The super AMOLED screen is bright, and vibrant. It is large and responsive. Supposedly some devices have had the dreaded oil slick issue, fortunately I did not have that in my unit. However, this further adds to the gamble of purchasing this device. This thing is a finger print magnet, if you don't have a screen protector (I'm waiting on mine) you may want to carry a microfiber cloth on you so you can wipe off smudges.Software: One of the major advantages to purchasing the international version is the fact that it does not have any carrier bloatware. The device is travel friendly since it has a quad band radio and unlocked sim card. The Touch-Wiz 4.0 interface is lightweight and does not appear to bog down the processor. All the built in android OS features are there such as the wireless hotspot, and USB tethering abilities. These features are traditionally removed in the American version to force you into shelling out more money on to their two year contracts with them. The device can handle multi-tasking beautifully, and picks up GPS signal much faster than my Inspire 4G.Camera: Probably the most disappointing thing about the unit I have received. Unfortunately I have a faulty Fujitsu module. I have yet to determine if this is merely a firmware issue, or a true hardware flaw. The camera cannot focus on any object at all. Close up photos work well. However, this is hardly practical. The front facing camera appears to be okay, though I have only used it a couple of times. In either case, you may be out of luck with warranty support if you are stateside.Battery: The battery life on this thing is excellent. I can stream music continously for up to 6-6.5 hrs before I have to plug in. With light Internet browsing it can easily last for 1-1.5 days That is a significant improvement over the Inspire 4g I had which had to be plugged in to last the day.Overall: I really enjoy this device. I love it. However, I am truly disappointed over the camera. I have given much thought about this, and decided I will try to stick it out. I hardly ever take photos, and I love everything else about the phone so its hard to say that it is a deal breaker for what I need it for, which is, mainly calls, messaging, and light Internet browsing with the occasional navigation.
cellphone|Samsung Galaxy S II GT-I9100 Unlocked Phone with 8MP Camera and Touchscreen - International Version (Black)I have been tracking this phone for a while until I was able to buy it but now the price has gone sky high and it is too expensive... The phone is actually cheaper than what you are selling it for in my country... I would of bought it if you had it for the original $512 but now........ ebay has this phone cheaper so if anyone is looking for one but at a better price try ebay
cellphone|Is the best smart phone I ever had, it has a lote of free good programa and Is a very ligth phone.
cellphone|This phone is more than I expected. I was about to purchase an IPhone, but this phone has everything and more. Fast, light, amazing screen. All in all, best phone until know.
cellphone|When i buy the phone.. i got surprise because i couldnt get this work on 3g .. i was travelling in nyc... over the the company (verizon) that only if i buy the phono with them i would have 3g conexion....Buuut when i returned my country.. it connects on the very first try and automatically on 4g coneczion !!!!!!This phone is amazzinnnggg all my friends just cant believe the quality of the videos... internez works perfect i can access my banks applications fast and easy ... if i loose this phone i definetly buy another one !!!
cellphone|El Samsung Galaxy SII es una completa obra de arte, lo compre a trav&eacute;s de esta v&iacute;a y todo result&oacute; un &eacute;xito, lleg&oacute; en perfectas condiciones a Maracay (Aragua, Venezuela). Totalmente OEM, no necesitas configurarle nada, esto si es un verdadero Smartphone, &eacute;l solo se configura para Digitel, Movistar o Movilnet. Levanta el 3G de Digitel muy bien. Definitivamente comprobado, es el tel&eacute;fono del a&ntilde;o. Enciendelo y listo, &uacute;salo. Viene como si fuera especialmente para Venezuela. Desde la empresa que lo vendi&oacute; (en Van Nuys, California) hasta la empresa que lo trajo de Miami a Maracay se portaron a la altura. 100% recomendado
cellphone|Ok, when i broke my HD2 which decided me to get this phone, and man this phone is a phenomenon. Its simply awsome.I cant compare to the iphone 4 and I bet that Iphone 5 will be garbage as well. the 4.3 screen is just so cool, colors pops out and stand through, battery life is awsome as well.The feeling of having the phone itself feels like you dont want to have another phone that not better than the galaxy s2 and damn, I walk around in the mall and then those cellphone service att, verizon, etc ask hey whats ur phone company, i simply tell them nah im good and when they ask what phone is that, i say galaxy s2, and they just shut up.. they knew they got no phone to compare it to.and also the phone is rootable and custom roms already exist. the phone itself is extremely fast and responsive so if u have money to shell out for this phone then definitely buy it. IT IS WORTH IT.
cellphone|Bs. As. (Argentina):I am a compulsive user of mobile phones and technology is changing very often. I tried several Nokia (E and N series), various iphone and some others (LG, Pantech). To make a proper review is necessary to separate two things: software and hardware.1) Hardware: In a world where every month new devices come to market, it is impossible to say for a period longer than 3 months "I have the best phone in the world" In this case we can say "I have an excellent phone, the best of his generation and will continue to be well regarded by at least 2 years." It's fast, versatile, has a great camera (photo 8Mpx and video 1080p). AMOLED screen with incredible brightness and clarity and a lot of conectivity options.2) Software: comes with Android 2.3.4. So far (2 weeks of use) is just perfect. It had no freeze or reboot problems. Ran ran smoothly any program. It's true: Iphone wins in number of programs, but Android is growing faster in these days because of the differents brands that are using it. I am not an anti-iphone, I admit that the iphone OS is currently the best, but clearly on a limited equipment, that also does not facilitate user interaction 100%Cons:No doubt the battery. But if I have a Ferrari with 5.0 engine and I use it all day on a race track, clearly I have to put gas on it often ...(forgive me for the English, I speak Spanish natively)Bs. As. (Argentina):Soy un compulsivo usuario de celulares y cambio de equipos muy seguido. Prob&eacute; varios nokia (serie E y N), distintos iphone y algunos otros (LG, Pantech). Para hacer una review correcta hay que separar 2 cosas: software y hardware.1) Hardware: en un mundo donde mes a mes salen al mercado aparatos nuevos, es imposible decir por un periodo mayor a 3 meses "tengo el mejor equipo". En este caso podemos decir "tengo un excelente equipo, el mejor de su generaci&oacute;n y que seguir&aacute; siendo bien visto por, al menos, 2 a&ntilde;os". Es r&aacute;pido, vers&aacute;til, tiene una excelente c&aacute;mara (8mpx y videos 1080p). Pantalla de amoled con un brillo y claridad incre&iacute;bles.2) Software: de origen viene con Android 2.3.4. Por ahora (2 semanas de uso) es simplemente perfecto. No tuvo ning&uacute;n freeze ni problemas de reinicio. No se trabo ning&uacute;n programa y, por mas que iphone gane en cantidad de programas, Android esta creciendo a un ritmo mucho mas vertiginoso el dia de hoy. No soy un anti iphone, admito que el OS de iphone es hoy por hoy el mejor, pero claramente en un equipo limitado y que no facilita la interacci&oacute;n del usuario al 100%Contras:Sin dudas la bater&iacute;a. Pero si tengo una ferrari con motor 5.0 y la uso todo el d&iacute;a en una pista de carreras, claramente tendr&eacute; que cargarle nafta seguido...
cellphone|One of the thinnest smartphones on the market. Very nice screen, decent camera for a phone. I get over two days of usage out of a charge, which is pretty good for a smartphone, but I don't use cellular data, only wifi data and cellular voice / texts, and I also rooted it and slimmed down the software running on it.Which brings me to the second part of this review, the software: The firmware it comes with is actually rather good, and this version of TouchWiz isn't as bad as I've heard previous versions were. There are many quite customized roms available, including a stable release of cyanogenmod, but I went back to the stock firmware but rooted and with various samsung components uninstalled, and I like it quite well. I'm not fond of the default lock screen options, and it is silly that one has to root the phone to uninstall junk and customize the lock screen, but most phones are even worse in this regard.Rooting and installing mods is not very hard and doesn't depend upon security holes which samsung would periodically fix in updated firmware requiring new rooting tools: instead you restart the device and hold a combination of physical buttons to put it into "download mode" and use a tool available for windows or an open source one available for linux or mac to flash new software onto it. There's no cat-and-mouse game with Samsung. It's worked quite well for me.One final note, this is the European original GT-I9100 I'm talking about, the galaxy S2 variations available from US carriers are going to have worse prospects with rooting and rom compatibility (in addition to being thicker and generally being worse designs).
cellphone|Excellent product. I recommend to everyone. Perhaps one of the best phones you already own. You are in the same position with the iphone 4. It has the same functions, but has a better sharing of files with other devices. The screen has a perfect and your internet connection is great.I am very happy with the purchase and the speed of delivery. Everything went as expected.
cellphone|excellent product, easy to use, the real iphone 4 killer, super fast, excellent camera, excellent memory, browsing, no weights at all (less than half an iphone)
cellphone|As a happy owner of a galaxy S (the first one), the galaxy S2 is a big change, more colors, more screen, more speed, more everything. This phone never hangs, its really fast and you can play videos with a great quality, still as Android or Smartphone the battery is stiil a little bit low, but this is not a stopper and the phone can be usable up to 8 hours (my case)
cellphone|Just one thing to tell...this is the most amazing cellphone I've ever seen!Don't waste your time with Iphone or other brands. If you have available around 600 bucks, that's the best choice!
cellphone|Very True. Even I was told that we get a 1 year warrenty which was not true. AMAZON.COM Please stop promising people on Warranty Advertisement.
cellphone|Desde hace 5 a&ntilde;os todos mis smartphones los he comprado v&iacute;a Amazon. El Samsung Galaxy SII no fue la excepci&oacute;n y luego de usarlo por unos d&iacute;as me doy cuenta que sin duda su procesador y calidad de imagen son lo mejor en el mercado. Aunque a&uacute;n sufrimos del mismo problema que los dem&aacute;s gadgets: Duraci&oacute;n de bater&iacute;a. Afortunadamente, atin&eacute; a comprarle una bater&iacute;a extra.Buen producto, buen servicio de entrega y espero jam&aacute;s tener que usar la garant&iacute;a internacional :PSaludos desde Per&uacute;
cellphone|The phone is great, the Android is great, Samsung is great. this phone is really awesome, and the iphone is no match for it (even the iphone 5, believe me)but we have a serious problem here, this seller announces it as it has a "worldwide warranty", while its not true, waste 5min calling Samsung costumer support and see that they only provide warranty for the country you purchased the phone OFFICIALLY. this phone announced here is imported unofficially from many countries, as you can read the feedbacks, some people received it in german language, others in spanish language...so if you want to buy this, be aware that you ill be uncovered by factory warranty.AMAZON.COM, PLEASE ASK FOR THE SELLER TO REMOVE THE INTERNATIONAL WARRANTY ADVERTISEMENT. THATS NOT TRUE.SELLER, STOP LYING!
cellphone|It is as good as the other reviews say. So good in fact, that you can't stop playing with it, and here is the problem - the gorgeous screen finishes the battery within ~4 hours. In standby and normal use (not much talking) it lives fine for a day, maybe even 2.I've heard a rumor the new 2.3.4 improves the battery life over the original 2.3.3, but you'd have to root the phone as it's not official yet. so far I don't have the burning need for that.You'll be able to see most internet sites just fine, also writing some notes and emails is bearable. I had issues trying to submit this review from it, though (it has issues handling the big open text boxes, especially in horizontal mode).Wi-Fi reception is decent; not as good as in laptops or my old Nokia E71, but usually good enough.Another plus on this matter - free internet access points requiring you to hit 'ok' on their start page are now accessible for web browsing and then to any other app (unlike E71).Amazon site mentioned international warranty, but I didn't find any document on that in the box. Keeping the receipt and hoping I won't need to use the warranty which I suspect I don't really have. BTW, the device woke up in Spanish, but asked from the start which language I prefer. So it probably comes from Latin America...As long as you're ready for the few drawbacks, it's a great device.
cellphone|I was just about to buy this phone from the seller. But before I did, I called Samsung US's mobile department to see if the phone would be covered if something malfunctioned, they said no; only phones official in the US are covered. I was a little confused, so I called the seller. The person I talked to said it's an International Warranty, "except not in the US." A little false advertisement there... Just wanted fellow S II enthusiasts who wanted to buy this phone, and have bought it already, know!
cellphone|Just received this phone - truly a work of art (and science)!Bought this version because of the international warranty, and the box label repeats the international warranty phrase. The included instructions are in Spanish, as this is an "SA" version, which apparently means South America.When you first turn the phone on, everything's in Spanish, however one can tap right on the first screen to change everything to a different language, and I changed it to English.Lots of positive reviews on this phone already on the web - mine would be superfluous, and a bit premature since I've only had it for about 22 hours.Everything's great so far - and it's especially easy to integrate it with Gmail - no surprise there with Google behind the scenes!
cellphone|The Samsung GT-I9100 Galaxy S II does not support the T-Mobile transmission frequencies required for 4G in the USA. T-Mobile requires both 1700-MHz and 2100-MHz frequencies (1700/2100) to enable 4G uplinks and downlinks. This phone supports only quadband frequencies (850/900/1800/1900 MHz). If using T-Mobile in the United States, the maximum speed you can get from this device is 2G at 1900-MHz.Repeat: This device does not work with T-Mobile 4G in the United States.
cellphone|Galaxy S II is great phone. The problem with this seller is that they are advertising model GT-i9100, but they will ship you *** GT-i9100G *** instead. The difference btwn these two is that GT-9100G uses a different GPU and chipset and is slightly under-powered compared to i9100.However, what this really means is that you can not ROOT your phone or install CM9 ROMs on it!!! All of the available cutom ROM's out there, including CM7 & CM9, only support the GT-i9100 chipset, and not the G model. So you will be stuck with whatever bloatwear Samsung puts on it.I returned mine unopend within an hour after receiving it. I will buy a i9100 model just as soon as I find it somewhere.
cellphone|Pros: Performance, Screen, Design, Camera, Battery, An Overall well rounded SmartPhoneCons: Plastic body Particularly the Battery cover (I would have preferred metal, even though it would have added a tiny bit of weight)Summary: The Samsung Galaxy S II is absolutely amazing and I would recommend it to anybody looking for a smartphone, first-time and experienced users alike. There seems to be absolutely no lag on this phone whatsoever & flash plays perfectly. The screen is absolutely Vibrant & Crisper looking then advertised, The Colors pop and are not over-saturated like the first Galaxy S. I'm using this phone in Kuwait and there has been no call quality issue whatsoever. It is the thinnest phone on the market which explains the lightweight plastics they use to make it so light. With that being said I don't recommend you use this phone with out a very good protective case like an outterbox. I bought 2 extra Hyperion batteries (because they have the smart chip that wont let you overcharge the battery), 1 USB EVO sync Dock/Batt. charger, and an anti scratch Zagg shield (because it will keep all scratches away from the screen and the body of the phone so when the next model comes out your current phone will be resaleable in like new condition :-) with the Dual core processors on the Galaxy S II you get the fastest phone in the world. This will probably remain true for another year or two until Tegra 3 processor phones come out. Finally, I understand that apple has successfully brainwashed us all into thinking we need them but,I've slowly come to like the advantages of Android based phones & with a little bit more time the Android market will be even with Apple. The Galaxy S II Phone itself is better than iphone4 but we know its the apps that have us all zombified into the apple world. Soon the Android app and iphone app markets will be neck and neck. So don't be afraid to jump of the apple band wagon NOW.
cellphone|This cellphone it's not a I9100 it's the I9100G version.The I9100G version had different technicals details than the discribed by the seller.This is a BIG DISAPPOINTMENT!!!Seller, stop deceiving!!!
cellphone|I confirmed with Samsung representatives after calling in and verifying with them the product serial number on the phone I received that there is no such thing as a International Warranty with this phone.I promptly returned it.This is false advertisement and needs to be changed.Phone is great, but the fact that I paid extra for non-existent warranty is not.
cellphone|Having been a Blackberry user for several years but also owning an iPod4 64G, I finally decided to replace my 2-year old Blackberry Curve with a smartphone and went for the Samsung Galaxy S2 Android, which is cheaper than the iPhone and has had generally positive reviews from users.I've been using the Samsung now for a couple of weeks. Before getting into details about a few of the amazing features of this excellent phone, here is a summary of what I really liked about the Blackberry Curve and how the new Galaxy S2 compares:1. It was easy to type text on the Blackberry because it has a physical keyboard which even a user with big fingers can cope with. I was put off on-screen keyboards a couple of years ago by the truly appalling and virtually un-usable Blackberry Storm, but the Samsung is really OK in this department even though its keyboard appears on-screen because the key points are so large, and when you finger a key a larger image of it pops up to confirm which key you have activated.2. The Blackberry's party piece was very easy and intuitive email management, which I need to use all day long for business messages. Well, the Samsung is surprisingly good here too, with the added bonus of a huge screen and the facility to enlarge or reduce text size with a sweep of the fingers, iPhone style. The text clarity is first class.3. The Blackberry has very long battery life and typically I'd only need to charge it every 4 or 5 days, even with heavy usage. The Samsung does not fare well in comparison and needs daily charging, but there's a number of things you can do to prevent high power consumption like turning off features you're not using and not playing music through it (if using the phone principally as an iPod-like music player is important to you, then this Samsung may not be for you as battery life will be reduced to a few hours).4. The Blackberry is small and handy in size, whereas the Galaxy is 3x larger (but about the same thickness) - however in compensation, you get that amazing huge screenFor a really comprehensive techy overview, please look to other excellent reviews of this product. Here's a summary of the main features of this amazing phone from my simpler perspective:* The AMOLED screen on the Galaxy is definitely its star attraction: huge, bright and clear with fabulous colour definition, it's even better than the iPhone or iPod. Designers have finally copped-on that people don't want ever smaller and smaller phones and no-one wants to watch a movie on a screen 1.5cm square; they want something of a convenient size that they can use and read easily at arm's length* Despite the substantial size, it's thin and lightweight at only 116g which makes it no problem in your pocket and a big advantage to a smaller person when making long calls (the iPhone for example is around 20g heavier)* All functions are very intuitive and easy to use - at least as good as the iPod4 with a similar feel* Calls are easy to make due to the big clear graphics and easy-to-follow menus - however it has some minor quirks like you can't answer a call by actually pressing the green phone symbol, you have to `sweep' across it - but once you learn this, everything is OK. The ear-speaker and voice-mike are both very good and very clear; reception so far first-class with no dropped calls* The quality of the image from the camera is also exemplary (but make sure the flash is turned on)* The Galaxy has a standard connect-to-computer/mains charger socket, a micro-USB port located on the base-edge of the phone. Finally manufacturers have chosen (not before time) to stop ripping-off their customers by making them buy new chargers with every new handset and begun to standardize - FINALLY!In summary I'd say if you're looking for a smartphone, the Galaxy S2 is a very serious contender. It's beautifully designed, its screen is absolutely amazing - you need to just use it for a couple of minutes to appreciate how good it is - yet it's lightweight. The menus are intuitive and easy to master; it has loads of optional software and aps (mostly free to the user, unlike with Apple); making calls and managing email is a breeze. It's a weather forecaster, a GPS street-finder and a web browser with astoundingly clear screen definition unlike anything I ever used before.Possible cautions include barely acceptable battery life, and for this it drops a star: if you're a current Blackberry user you'll really notice this, and especially so if you use it as a music player. Also the Galaxy might be intimidating if you're a technophobe who just wants a simple phone to make calls. But it compares very well in all essentials against the iPhone: it's lighter, cheaper and the screen is better, and most of the aps for which Apple charges you, you get with the Galaxy for free.One final point: make sure you buy a good robust case and a screen protector for it; there's plenty of choice and most of them do the job OK.
cellphone|If it matters to you about the model number...I bought this phone from Amazon itself, a couple of weeks ago. What they sent me was the GT-I9100G (note G) model. I reported it, but the item description has not been changed. I don't know what the other sellers are sending out, but I think only the G model is now being made. Samsung changed the processors, and put a lesser video chipset in the G model, but it is supposed to get better battery life, and not overheat under heavy load, because the cpu max is limited.There is a huge outcry internationally, because Samsung put the G model in the non-G box originally, without telling anybody, but the box I got had the G on the end.I spent many hours on this because of the SA-I9100 listed in the item model section, and it was not what Amazon shipped at all!Also, this phone works on ATT if you can get a signal. Does not work well in my house, even though I am in Birmingham, AL, where Bellsouth was big, and merged into ATT. Duh! I ordered a T-Mobile sim card, also, but only get Edge because this phone does not have the 1700 MHZ frequency that T-Mobile uses for 4G in the US. I think ATT uses the 1900, but has made post failed merger deal for T-Mobile to deploy it at some time, whch is a rumor only. It might already be available out west in the US.You have to know or search how to set the APN to even get this phone to show the data availability.At least T-Mobile works every time slowly, but during the day, ATT is unusable at my house in the city limits. Good luck! If you are in US, you need a strong ATT signal to make this one work right, but when it does, it's a babe.
cellphone|I require a lot in order to impress me. The speed and power of this device has me in amazement. I have had this phone for almost two months and still everyday I am amazed at the things it allows me to do, from simple email to powerpoint to excel spreads, i even create my html docs and preview them on the phone. It's like a mini computer. Not to mention the apps available on the Android network that expands the usability. It's super light and the screen quality is the best I've ever seen people always comment on it. In summary this handy device is a must have and is worth every penny!
cellphone|I have bought this phone in December when it just hit the shelves in few places. I knew before that it was coming in the market, read its reviews online and waited anxiously for it.I am very happy that I bought this phone cum tablet and because of its larger size, it is much better for me that Samsung Galaxy SII.I have previously bought Samsung Galaxy SII as the larger screen phone (4.3" display) and was very happy with it but found that the screen was smallish for me and so I looked forward to a bigger phone. I found Samsung Galaxy Note (5.3" display) to be that wish come true although I still sometimes feel that I can even be fine with 6" screen size.So after more than a month of use, following are my conclusions:Review Highlights:Price:It is more than iPad2 and all the other tablets I have seen till now but as it is unique, I am compelled to pay. If it was at a lower price, it would have been better.Size and Weight:Samsung Galaxy Note is the largest of phones available in the market. Because of it large size and Android Gingerbread 2.3, it is a very nice mini-tablet as well as a secondary phone. Unless there is a 6" phone-cum-tablet is launched, this is the best phone-cum-tablet your money can buy. Its weight (178g)is perfectly acceptable considering the size of the phone and its thickness (9.65mm) is nearly as of Samsung Galaxy SII (8.49mm), a really thin phone.Display:Very nice Super AMOLED display and it is really great watching movies and photos on this big display. It feels like a mini-tablet and it displays very well. Because of high pixel density (285ppi), the text and details are very smooth.Speed:The speed is good due for dual core (1.4GHz dual core) processor and I don't feel it slow. Although when I installed more than 15 apps, then I found it getting slower and sometimes was taking too long to start an app. Therefore, I always try to keep only those apps installed which I actually need.Battery Life:It depends upon how many apps are running in the background, whether the phone is in energy saver mode, the WiFi is switched on or not and the extent of brightness of display. A CPU hogging app can drain the battery within few hours but if I use WiFi selectively, keep brightness to near minimum brightness (which is still fine for display), in energy saver mode and just run basic applications and minimize widgets, I can get battery life of up to a day. I suggest not using Samsung Galaxy Note as your main phone as you may end up connecting to charger all the time. Use it as a tablet and secondary phone, along with another primary phone and that is the way it brilliantly shines.Android Gingerbread 2.3 Experience:I like its user interface and widgets but I have uninstalled some widgets to keep it fast and have low battery usage. Widgets take a lot of battery life and also use CPU continuously as well so I always uninstall Samsung widgets that I do not need.As a Phone:It feels big as phone but I do not use it as my main phone. My main phone is Blackberry Bold 9780 and so I use Samsung Galaxy Note as secondary phone. For secondary usage, it is fine although I do not like the fact that at higher sound volumes, the telephone call sound from ear piece is loud enough that people nearby can hear the conversation. Therefore, during calls I reduce the earpiece volume. The speakerphone is very good and video calling through Skype is very enjoyable.The large touch keys and display makes it very easy to use it as a phone.As a Tablet:It is very nice as a small tablet. My son uses it for gaming and likes gaming on this phone a lot. For me, I can browse internet much better than a Samsung Galaxy SII, read emails better and its kindle app is great. I feel that a kindle 6" is not required when you have this phone. As it is not an Eink screen, I can read it well during night when lights are switched off.There are many apps in the market but I install only those ones that I really need as I want to save memory, CPU usage and battery life. Many of the apps keep running in the background after usage once so a number of times, I go in Settings> Manage Applications to clear cache and stop applications that I do not require running.Use with Data:It has usual GSM, WCDMA and HSPA+ capabilities and I have seen its performance to be very good.Photos:Photos look brilliant on this phone and its both front and dual cameras are excellent. The low light photos are not as great as a dedicated camera but its LED flash is strong as well.Videos:It has taken very nice family HD videos and I really like those. It plays videos very smoothly as well. Because of brilliant display, dual cameras (8MP rear and 2MP front) which take good shots and videos, and efficient microphone, it is an excellent device for photos and video capture and playback.Sensors:I have mainly used the Accelerometer which works fine. I am not a huge fan of digital compass in a mobile phone. The digital compass in phone always behaves erratically.Two features that I want:1. I need a similar touch button as for Wi-Fi switch on and off TO switch on and off the usage of data using Mobile networks.Final Verdict:Excellent secondary phone and a small tablet. Use another phone as primary phone and you will be fine. Keep widgets and running apps to minimum and you will be happy with it.Use of a plastic cover and front display screen guard will keep the phone safe even when it uses Corning Gorilla glass to prevent scratches.
cellphone|This phone is all you need these days, it is fast, not too big and not too small, the display is amazing and the price i bought it (530$) is the best value to money ratio in the market today!The only drawback is its battery life, which is ~ for one day.Love it!
cellphone|Still one of the best phones out there! All features are great. I use it a lot and I don't think battery life is as bad as people say. Very satisfied. Also very good & efficient seller (Global Mobile)
cellphone|Excellent working, really fast operative system.Incredible camera for taking pictures y record video (you can also record video with de light on!)Short time battery (you will usually charge the battery every day)
cellphone|i was a bit worried about which one to choose between iPhone 4s, Galaxy Nexus, Motorola Razr, HTC Sensaton and this one. I decided to try a smartphone that runs android and it satisfies me very much, this smartphone can do everything i want and also provides me access to websites that need adobe flash player and Galaxy S2 also lets me download all files I want and open many emails I can't open in Apple devices. The best of all is that you can customize your background and put it your way. A must have smartphone. What a wonderful world!
cellphone|It is an fantastic phone. easy to configure and you really get used to the options very soon....The performance is great...Speed is superb and on top of it it wieghs very very less....The battery cover is made up of plastic but once it fits in you dont have to worry about it at all...The looks are amazing...Battery life - havent seen any. Apps - Trying to figure out couple of things like Gtalk that is not working...but i will figure it out...should'nt be aproblem. The only thing that i did not get it is the Warranty card that was there in the Box. It says that your warranty is for 24 months from the date of arrival. However how does one get the serail nos\ IMEA nos mentioned in the same bill...Coz the Warranty card says that you need to document this stuff and it should match the details on your invoice..But something i will be able to figure out. Amazon did a great job along with the vendor. Got the Phone in my hands on time. A Big Thank you!
cellphone|This's a great piece of technology, it's thin, light, incredible screen and fast. I bought this for my brother and he's so happy with it. Totally recommended.
cellphone|This phone is one the best available on the market. It works impressively well with blazing speeds and amazing screen on which everything looks great. The only downside is that like all android crashes sometimes unexplicably.
cellphone|Love it, love it!!! No problem to use it in south america, slipped my Sim card, and done, I have all in my new phone. Worked perfect from day one. I am a happy owner aprox. a month ago, and still learning to get the best from it. I wish for a longer battery life, I have to have the charger with me all times, obviously, there is no reason, not to use it to the fullest, so don't forget the charger.
cellphone|The phone was a wrong one.I ordered a SAMSUNG GALAXY S2 GT-I9100, and what I gotwas a SAMSUNG GALAXY S2 GT-I9100G. Watch for the "G".That's not the same phone, but far worse than the original.It looks like a SAMSUNG GALAXY S2 GT-I9100, but it definitely is not.I researched on Samsung, and several other information sourcesaround the world and found out:Samsung is cheating -and annoying- their customers around the world.Samsung stopped the production of the SAMSUNG GALAXY S2 GT-I9100 by the endof 2011 and as a replacement Samsung ejects worldwide the pale immitationof the SGS2, with no information, hoping that nobody will get knowledgeof this lousy trick.Unfortunately even the seller didn't know about this Samsung policy andhe got trouble with me.But he really, really tried to solve the issue, ensuring me to do everythingto make me satisfied in 100%!Finally I kept the phone and got a reputable refund from the seller.
cellphone|There seems to be two versions available through Amazon, one being an "unlocked version" and this one, which is labeled the "unlocked international version." The listing itself doesn't distinguish the two much, if at all.I ordered the international version and this is what I got:-Model Number GT-I9100-4.3" screen (some U.S. versions have 4.5")-Running Gingerbread 2.3.3 (the latest I as of writing is 2.3.6 on my Nexus S)-No NFC-Connects to U.S. AT&T on 3G and HSPA+ where available-Connects to U.S. T-Mobile on Edge-Manual indicating middle eastern origins (though there is no indication that is the only international source)-Charger with Type C prongs (two round prongs; Amazon included an adapter to fit U.S. outlets)Regarding the phone itself, there are plenty of reviews out there telling you how this is one of the best phones released in 2011, and I have nothing to add beyond that. It works very fast compared to my Nexus S. The screen, although only 480x800 resolution, is very bright, clear and vivid. The screen also resist fingerprints much better than my Nexus S. The hardware is in every way superior to my Nexus S. It does have the Samsung version of Gingerbread, which is very much iOS-like (iPhone) in feel including the one big "Home" button at the bottom center of the phone.The only reason I took off one star is because it uses Samsung's version of Gingerbread instead of stock Android. You can't tell if it slows down the phone with such powerful hardware, but you don't get the latest updates as fast (Nexus S is on 2.3.6, while GS2 is on 2.3.3). Samsung has said they will bring the next version of Android, Ice Cream Sandwich, to the Galaxy S2, but it will most likely be later than the Nexus S.
cellphone|Despu&eacute;s de probar este tel&eacute;fono, todos los dem&aacute;s me parecen de mala calidad.Incre&iacute;ble la rapidez de entrega de Amazon, (Pague un poco mas que si lo hubiera comprado a uno de los vendedores asociados, pero no es nada con la tranquilidad de no ser estafado).El tel&eacute;fono en si mismo es muy r&aacute;pido y la pantalla es tan grande y brillante que provoca quedarse vi&eacute;ndola.Todo trabaja tan r&aacute;pido y fluido que no se veo una raz&oacute;n para instalarle una ROM distinta a la original.Una de las pocas cosas que no me gustan es que no tiene una luz led que parpadee cuando hay llamadas o mensajes perdidos, pero ni modo, se puede vivir con eso.Venia con Android 2.3.4 y al conectarlo al Kies hab&iacute;a una actualizaci&oacute;n disponible, lamentablemente no era para 2.3.5... Espero que para enero tengamos Ice Cream disponible.Toma tiempo acostumbrarse a manejar una pantalla tan grande, las personas que tengan dedos peque&ntilde;os necesariamente tendr&aacute;n que usar las dos manos.Por los momentos estoy satisfecho con esta obra de arte... Aqu&iacute; en Venezuela funciona con todas las operadoras, incluso en 3G.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Well after trying this phone everything else seems poorly made to my eyes.Amazon shipping time incredible (I pay a little more than 3rd party sellers but no big deal since it gave me peace of mind), phone itself is very fast, the screen is so bright you may want to stare at it.Everything works so smooth that I dont see the point in gettin a custom room in anytime soon.I dont like ithe phone dont have a led light to let me know if theres sms's or missed calls, but i can deal with it.Android 2.3.4, connected right off the box Kies told me and update was avalaible, but it was not for 2.3.5 too bad... I hope we get Ice Cream in january...You may get time to get used to handle it due the screen size, fortunatly isnt heavy at all, but if you have short fingers you will need to use it with both hands...For now I'm very pleased with this piece of art... Here in Venezuela works with all the companies even in 3G.
cellphone|ENGLISH (abajo en Espa&ntilde;ol)This mobile phone is more than I expected after reading all the reviews found in the web.Even when there was no "warranty" and no stamp in the box about warranty, once you turn it up you will find that this device is amazing.This one (I bought it from the OEM Shop) is running Andriod 2.3.4 using the UHKG7 kernel, so its not necessary to be updated.Video calls from Gtalk are not supported in this firmware but the batterylife is quite good. It can last one day (regular use).Writting with "SWYPE" is a very delightfull experience. The swype writting is just one step ahead of the others, is state of the art.I thought it would be so big to take in my hands, but it isn't, I feel very confortable holding it and also I can take it into my pocket, is very very thin.The videos and pictures are amazing, very clear. It features 1080p for real, I recorded a video and then I used the Micro USB to HDMI MHL adapterto plug it to my HDTV and the picture and video quality was perfect!The screen is perfect, is very clear, it has a very good resolution and everybody around me love the screen of this phone.I haven't tried the GPS and still other features, but with this "toy" there are many things to play with.I am a very happy SGSII owner, a satisfied customer.I highly reccomend to get this device instead of any BB or iPhone.Meet you in the Hubs...Este tel&eacute;fono es m&aacute;s de lo que esperaba despu&eacute;s de leer todas las revisiones que se encuentran en Internet.A&uacute;n cuando no hab&iacute;a "garant&iacute;a" y ning&uacute;n sello de garant&iacute;a en la caja, una vez que enciendes el tel&eacute;fono te das cuenta de que esun aparato incre&iacute;ble.Este que compr&eacute; (lo compr&eacute; con The OEM Shop) vino corriendo Android 2.3.4 usando el Kernel UHKG7, por lo que no se necesita actualizarlo.No est&aacute;n habilitadas las videollamadas desde Gtalk en este firmware, pero la duraci&oacute;n de la bater&iacute;a es muy buena. Puede durar todo un d&iacute;a (d&aacute;ndole un uso regular).Escribir con "SWYPE" es una experiencia &uacute;nica. La escritura swype est&aacute; un paso m&aacute;s adelante de los dem&aacute;s, es tecnolog&iacute;a de punta.Pens&eacute; que el tel&eacute;fono ser&iacute;a muy grande para llevarlo en las manos, pero no lo es, me siento muy c&oacute;modo sosteni&eacute;ndolo y adem&aacute;s puedo llevarlo en mi bolsillo (del pantal&oacute;n), es muy muy delgado.Los videos y las fotos son excelentes, muy claras. Graba 1080p de verdad, grab&eacute; un video y utilic&eacute; el adaptador Micro USB a HDMI MHL para conectarlo a mi TV HD y la calidad de las fotos y videos es impresionante.La pantalla es perfecta, muy n&iacute;tida, tiene una muy buena resoluci&oacute;n y a todo el mundo alrededor de m&iacute; le encanta la pantalla de este tel&eacute;fono.No he probado ni el GPS ni otras funciones, pero con este "juguete" hay muchas cosas con las que se puede jugar.Soy un feliz due&ntilde;o de un SGSII, un cliente satisfecho.Recomiendo altamente comprar este equipo en lugar de un BB o un iPhone.Nos vemos en las redes...
cellphone|Phone is awesome. However, it does not have 4G support for T-Mobile prepaid, so it gets 2G speeds only on T-Mobile pre-paid and does not work at all on the cheap Canadian networks (Wind or Mobilicity). Wish I knew that before I bought.
cellphone|I bought this phone as Christmas present for my wife here in Quito. She unwrapped it on Christmas Eve, popped the back off, inserted the chip from the phone she'd been using here, and presto! It connected with the local service provider here (Movistar) in less than a minute. Since then, she's downloaded apps and put her S II to good use without any problems at all. Happy S II owners here in Quito!
cellphone|Es un exelente tel&eacute;fono cumple todo lo que dicen que hace incluso la bateria es bastante buena pero si tiene un gran problema.. este telefono consume exageradamente datos de internet sin ni siquiera tener algun programa abierto y obviamente esto hace que la bateria dure menos. Imaginense que en 12 dias se me me acabo 1000mb que es mi plan de datos para un mes cuando con mi anterior telefono (nokia n8) me sobraba mas de la mitad de mi plan de datos. Ojala y en proximas actualizaciones arreglen este problema.
cellphone|My last phone before this was a HTC and it was a nice product and very good quality. After I bought the Samsung Galaxy S II ,I only can say "This is the best smart phone ever".
cellphone|The phone is really light compare to the previous samsung phone that I had. This is definitely a great product that you would want to spend your money on. Lastly, Amazon did a good job on shipping it the next day! FTW Amazon!!
cellphone|I ordered this unlocked phone for mother's day and this seller is selling i9100G instead of i9100. The 'G' version is of inferior quality and old release. Really regret that I tried to purchase but Thanks to Amazon that I could return it and get my money back!!!
cellphone|The smarthphone had a serious problem after 30 days in use. After a sync PC with the software Kies, Samsung's own, the cellphone no longer recognizes the chip carrier. Despite having purchased on Amazon with international warranty, Samsung Brazil refuses to repair the unit under warranty.How should I proceed?ThanksAirton BarrosUniversity Federal FluminenseRio de Janeiro - Brazil
cellphone|The order I placed was for the Samsung Galaxy S II GT-I9100 (International version). The one I received today has the correct box but the cell phone deliberatly placed inside is the GT-I9100G which is not the international version. For those who doesnt know, this model has a different processor.I am returning the phone right now!!!!I hope the seller will comment on this entry.
cellphone|I'm using it for Movistar Venezuela, it works perfectly as it should. It's a beautiful phone with Android OS which makes it an excelent device.Everything you can see about this phone is perfectly great, the ONLY ONE thing nobody would like is the battery, it waste very fast but making some changes on the OS you can make it improve.It uses the same bands as Movistar, so it works with 3G and HSPA.
cellphone|Phone is a beast. As of now there's not much that can compete with Sammy's latest. But that's just it. Sammy's latest isn't the latest for too long so I've already begun to regret a little after hearing about some phones that will be making their debut soon like the Samsung Note which may not be available here in the U.S. (sorta like this bad boy, the unlocked international version SGSII). Whatever, that's the way things are these days. However, if there's one thing I'd really like to know, it's how to register the darned warranty for this thing cuz it's not offered in the U.S. So, Samsung U.S. doesn't know what to do with you when you try to register on their site. If you talk to a "representative", they'll tell you something absurd like "Seems your phone is from South Africa so you'll have to call them", or "Seems your phone is From the U.K. so you'll have to call them". Seems to me the "reps" are just making stuff up if my phone "seems" to be from South Africa AND the U.K. So, international warranty, are you worth the extra $30-$40? So far, that's a negative. Nothing against the phone, just the "service". Quotes can make anything seem shady;) "Seriously".
cellphone|I'm not sure where to start or what should be the focus of the review. So if someone has an specific question, ask, and I'll do my best to answer it.First of all, I had an N8 Nokia phone which I loved (mainly for the camera and GPS navigation), but had enough draw backs with the OS (Symbian) that I started looking else where for my next phone.I evaluated carefully this phone for a month and decided to keep it, at the end.The phone is crazy fast (changing between screen, menus, apps, etc.), the OS (Android Gingerbread) is really smooth and friendly.The resolution is amazing.The 5.1 sound is really nice (saw a movie with this option ON, and it sounded great).Internet browsing is as fluid as with a PC.There are TOO many apps, so you'll have a lot of fun with that.One issue that a heard before was the battery life, so my test and results are these:* 3G ON, Wifi ON, Sync ON, Notification ON: 8 - 10 hours* 3G OFF, Wifi ON, Sync ON, Notification ON: 20-24 hours* 3G OFF, Wifi OFF, Sync OFF, Notification OFF (only turning data ON when needed): 36 - 40 hours.So in my case, it really depends on how much time 3G is ON and how my personal configuration (data sync) was set. In my opinion, this is not a problem at all.Camera is great (even compared to the N8).Video is great.GPS is good, but not great (I miss the Ovi Maps ... which, at this point, would like them to sell their software). Google Maps won't do without data (or at least won't work efficiently). Bought CoPilot and the result is average, but at least it was cheap (around 10 dollars).Tested (successfully 3G) with the following carriers:* AT&T (U.S.)* Telcel (Mexico)Of course, if I compare any of these features with the N8, the difference is enormous, but the real rival is the iPhone. So I tried my wife iPhone4 for a while, so I could get a better perspective. And I'm sorry to say (to Android fans ... or Apple fans, for that matter) that between these two, it totally depends on taste or the one that you actually own.I wouldn't trade this phone for an iPhone, and my wife wouldn't trade her iPhone for my GS2 (but we both thought that the other ones phone seemed really great), so you see, I guess what I can resume from this is that both phones are really good ... the details, well it depends on the user, I guess.Anyways, really fast, fun and time consuming.So overall, really happy with the phone.Oh yeah, before I forget, one important fact (for some, I'm guessing), although I'm a tekkie and might ROOT and put some special ROM on the phone at some point (just for kicks), the review and my final opinion is on the phone as sold, so I wouldn't go and say that these android phones are only for geeks/tekkies.Cheers.
cellphone|The phone itself is great and lived up to the expectations. Just wished that I had double check with seller about where their phones come from because I had no idea how to register my phone for international warranty due to the fact that my phone was from Russia and the warranty card is in Russian. Also, I would like to be able to type in both Chinese and Japanese but since the phone was from Russia, it didn't come with those languages, only the European languages and Russian.So if you think you'd need to type in Asian languages you may want to check with the seller where they import their phones from.
cellphone|I bought it from the OEM shop. It arrived on time but with NO warranty and NO earphone. The box was dirty and there were some fingerprints on the phone screen. I have doubts that this is really brand new phone, but since it functions well at this moment, I'm ok with it.It has just 837 Mb RAM and 11.5+1.97 (NOT 16) Gb memory. And it arrived with Spanish menu.The phone itself is great. Fast, beautiful and very slim. It gets a bit hot when with some applications running at the same time, but nothing much. Amazing phone but fake advertisement.I'll update my review after a while if I'll find out something more to say, which I hope will be helpful for the others. I'll recommend this to a friend... but be careful about the warranty (btw, I contacted Amazon about this and earphones: they told me that since the phone is shipped just within US, it doesn't have an international warranty and the advertisement was just for trade in. They suggested to contact directly Samsung about this (and Samsung doesn't "recognize" the phone). From Amazon they also told me that nowhere is written that there is an ear phone included in the box. I've been thinking that since it is supposed to be a brand new phone, it should have one in the box. This is strange at least: to make such a good product and don't provide a simple earphone?).----UPDATEIt also had a very weak battery. I put it on power saving mode, didn't use for ANYTHING. Just charged fully and waited to see how long will it last. And it lasted less than 2 days. I had to return it. Maybe I just was not lucky but I suggest you NOT to by from the OEM shop. That was NOT a brand new phone (I'm pretty sure): the box was open, the earphone was missing, it had a tiny scratch on the body, some fingerprints on the screen, and also a very weak battery. The box was dirty and it arrived in SPANISH menu (but it's easy to change the language to English) and with only Spanish user guide.I returned it and bought another one directly from Amazon (not from this link but from Samsung i9100 Galaxy S II Unlocked GSM Smartphone with 8 MP Camera, Android OS, 16 GB Internal Memory, Touchscreen, Wi-Fi, and GPS--No Warranty (Noble Black)). It arrived with English user guide (but the phone was in Spanish again when I turned it on first time), with a warranty card. Had an earphone in the box and looked really new. This one also had 837 Mb RAM and 11.5+1.97=13.43 Gb (not 16) memory (probably Android takes the rest). About 230-250 Mb RAM is busy with your stuff running, the rest is free. The free internal memory is 11.5+1.97 Gb.This phone is amazing. Really great. A bit expensive but worthy. Thank you Amazon.I'm putting here one star because the advertisement is fake (there is NO international warranty) and I'm not satisfied with my purchase from the OEM shop.
cellphone|My brother-in-law and I both purchased this phone from the same link, within minutes of each other. His phone came in a black samsung box that was sealed. When my phone came, the box wasn't sealed and it was considerably smaller than the other box. My box also had "Made in China" written on it, whereas, my bro-in-law's phone box did not make mention of where it was manufactured.Both phones are fabulous, but I have begun to notice some difficulties with the touchscreen. Sometimes it does not respond.I am confused as to why 2 phones bought via the same link, cost the same, but turned out to be of 2 different qualities......
cellphone|I was sent a i9100g instead of the plain i9100. The phone seems to work fine but I don't like the hardware home button. I also can't seem to update it to ICS even though I am reading around the web that it's available in the US. Maybe it's because of the g model? I'm giving it 4 stars because it's not exactly what was advertised. That's the one thing dislike about Amazon in general.
