camera|I have 2 other Sony cameras that I love but this model, I do not care for. It feels boxy, and I hate the flash. It's a poorly made pop up flash that feels like it will be easily broken if you're not extremely careful. It got stuck up several times while I tried using the camera. This is also not a touch screen, I'm kind of disappointed with the quality of this camera for the price.
camera|My Panasonic DMC-FZ150K 12.1 MP Digital Camera with CMOS Sensor and 24x Optical Zoom (Black) will zoom out to X127!With no telephoto lens. Just digital. I think enough said.
camera|After using my trusty solid metal Canon PowerShot SD9900 digital Elph for years and years, I wanted to upgrade to this highly-rated Sony. What a surprise to find it made of cheap black plastic. The almost-impossible-to-open flimsy teensy door which will be frequently used to charge the camera (and to upload photos to my computer) doesn't look like it will last more than a week. Followed the instructions in the manual on setting the date, but it wouldn't set it. Took some photos around the house and uploaded them to my I-Mac. Unfortunately, when I turned off the camera, an error message came up on the I-Photo screen saying I had to go to Finder and eject the disc and that Mac would "try to repair" the damage to the disc the next time!! Never had to do that with my old Canon camera. When I turned that one off, that was all I had to do using I-Photo on either of my I-Macs. Then I looked at the photos, and they were okay, but nothing to write home about. Worse yet, when one photo required a flash, the flash cube popped up okay and that was fine, but when I turned off the camera, the flash cube stayed up and I had to push it back in! The camera actually looks like a cheap throw-away camera. I'm still plowing through the owner's manual and will probably get to like it, but what a disappointment for all that money!!February 2013: Now that I've used it for quite a while, I feel it's a great camera with FAR FAR FAR more options than I'll ever use. I took photos of a bike race and even though the rider was at least 50 feet away, when I viewed the photo on my computer, I was able to see his face very clearly. So I'll update the stars.
camera|incorrect size for the memory card recording element in the package- still 3 days later and no response from Sony- their quality control and customer service is obviously poor
camera|Why the hell would you pay this much for a pocket camera that looks like a kids toy instead of a real mans camera like a DSLR which is the same price for an entry level which is over 9000 times better? AMATEURS.
camera|The colr to ex and the picture quality is excellent. I have owned several Sony cameras and this by far is the best
camera|AMAZING...best digital camera i have EVER HAD. and i have had ALOT. this wins hands down... bye dslri recommend this to anyone!!!!!! if you want EXCELLENT pics and the no hassle of a big camera with alot of lenses this will become your baby..:)
camera|I love the weight and feel of this camera. The best additon would be some rubber adhesive on the finger holds.The only problem for me as a newbie to shooting is a non existant tutorial or educational dvd on this camera. If anyone has heard of one of these I'd love get it. Please advise here or email me the url. Thanks
camera|Bought this camera 15 days back. Nice camera. Nice images for closer takes. But please do not compare with digital SLR cameras. If you ccompare with compact this is the BEST.
camera|1. Other Sony cameras had the battery life left indicated in minutes, not bars so one could know accurately when to change it.2. the camera is too hard to grip, making a wrist strap and 2 hands mandatory. Google 'camera grip for Sony RX100' for a solution.3. Lack of a manual (except on-line,) even on a CD, hides the versatility and depth of the camera's ability.4. For close-ups, the large sensor and longer lens that goes with it work against you, but they give you better cropping ability on normal scenes at higher image sizes (20mb.)Otherwise, a nice piece of hardware and software, my 1st choice to take with me (vs. my 2 other Sony's- an R-1 and an HX-9V.)
camera|This is a great camera. It is suprisingly small with the lens retracted. It has many features that I haven't used yet but one of the picture enhancements is "Illustration." I took a picture of our vet's cat and Illiustration drew black lines around her whiskers, eyes, eyeballs, etc. It makes a very interesting picture. This camera has received top of the line reviews and I agree with them. It is truely a professional's point-and-shoot. It has a Zeiss lens which is extremely sharp throughout the zoom range. It has a metal body and is built like a tank.
camera|I am not a pro, just a grandma who travels and wants to take the best pictures of grandkids and low light European churches and museums with a camera that fits in my small purse. The Sony RX100 is that camera. I've used the Canon S90 for the last three years and have been very pleased, but the RX100 is even better! Others have reviewed that the screen can be easily scratched so I just put a BoxWave Clear Touch Crystal Screen Protector on my RX100. I ordered the screen protector for an Olympus Tough TG-810 which had almost the same dimensions as the RX100 screen. I had to trim just a little on one side for it to fit. I've used BoxWave screen protectors before and like the absence of bubbles and that they last a long time. After three years the one on my S90 is still good. Here is the BoxWave link: [...]
camera|There are too many reviews (though excellent) for me to confirm the absence of the following: a. An optical view-finder, in addition to the screen? b. GPS, as in the Sony DSC HX 20V and 30V? c. A comprehensive guide to the operation and abilities of the camera?Sony DSC-RX100 20.2 MP Exmor CMOS Sensor Digital Camera with 3.6x ZoomSony DSC-RX100 20.2 MP Exmor CMOS Sensor Digital Camera with 3.6x Zoom
camera|I am a traditional (amateur) photographer, and I simply don't like cameras that have no viewfinder. With that said, this is a good camera. The photo quality is fantastic, and the speed is also awesome. If I had to do it again, I would have gotten one of the canon models that has zoom and an optical viewfinder. I know - the optical viewfinders are not accurate representations of what you're going to get. Neither are the LCD's. As a backup camera, I'm willing to accept this model for what it is, but I won't buy another point and shoot in the future unless it has some way of letting me isolate the shot, and frame without looking at a screen as though it is a cellphone. At that point, I'll just use my iPhone camera. Another thing - there are SO MANY settings on this camera, I just don't know which one is right; I don't have all the time in the world to test fire shots either, so I'm more likely to use manual anyway.
camera|I buy almost everything from Amazon.com but this is only my 2nd review on particular product. I am extremely happy that I decided to buy Sony rx 100. It wasn't easy to finalize the winner among all other competitors. Especially this camera is the one of the most expensive out there. However, This is what you can expect from this camera and this is what happened to me after 2 days use.1. You will see your beloved ones big happy smile when you share the precious moment that you captured with this camera because it looks so real and so clear!2. You will think of buying all protective gears because you want to use this camera as long as possibleSimply put, you will not need any other cameras including DSLR or SLR since rx 100 will be the only one that you need to and want to carry all the time!Great Great Job sony! I really appreciate this!
camera|I am Canon 5D series SLR user and have been looking at several small pocket cameras for portability, but with manual controls and a fast zoom lens. The picture quality is great as well as being relatively fast for a P&S, along with great build quality. The manual controls are easy, but not intuitive - the Fuji X10 wins out here. The most irritating thing for me is not having a dedicated flash button. Going through the menus takes away from the spontaneity of the moment. Also, there are some issues with being able to import video in different formats. All in all, a great camera, but at this price point I would expect near perfection for 5 stars.
camera|I bought the rx100 by sonyThe quality is anything but phonyIts auto focus is fastPics in low light are a blastThis camera is straight cash my homie!In other words... it's the best point and shoot I've ever used and it's quality is about 80-85% of a DSLR but it fits in your pocket. Amazing!
camera|This camera really provides great pictures, without requiring a BS in photographic arts.Preset scenes allow great actions in low light (I just took some beautiful shots at the Jellyfish exhibit in the Monterey aquarium which I could not have done with my few year old superzoom), and it's nice to have a high end camera that sits in my pocket.My biggest complaint is that like most screen cameras, it's hard to see the screen in bright light. An external viewfinder would be nice
camera|I sold my DSLR, Nikon D90, with all 4 other lenses, which helped me raised some $4000.Then I bought this little baby at less than a grand! Yet the picture quality is as good as what my D90 could produce!This camera is a must-buy people! SERIOUSLY!
camera|Perfect in every respect, Please do not forget this is a pocket camera not a full size DSLR. This camera Remind me of , those who still remember Olympus XA .
camera|I am a long time user of point of shoot camera's. Always's had a desire for better shots - but never wanted to commit to the (bigger) hardware.Having taken photography in College (25 years ago ;-) I thought I might be able to pick this camera up and remember how to use the manual controls. Boy was I wrong. I was taking terrible pictures in manual mode. Pictures in auto mode were slightly better than in auto on my Sony HX9V point and shoot.Well, I watched a couple of online intro's to digital photography. I can now see the potential of this camera and am really excited about continuing my exploration into better photography.I can now shoot decent low light (party shots) without a flash (be ready, however, to hear from the guests "the flash didn't go off").My opinion is - I would not spend my $$$ money if I planned to leave this in automatic mode. With the ability to shoot in manual mode - and work with RAW files - I think it is a great "pocketable" camera to grow with.
camera|Love it, am taking on vacation to have time to learn how to use it, but it's super fast, feature rich, like an SLR, and takes great low light shots.
camera|This camera, in my opinion, is the best point and shoot that's currently available. It all starts with the large sensor. On top of that (and because of that), the camera has amazing low-light capabilities. I've gotten really good quality photos in the complete dark (can't see anything with the naked eye), hand held, pointing toward the east long before dawn...and the resulting photos show wonderful color in the eastern sky. The ONLY drawback with this camera - and it as a deal-breaker for me - is the lens. It's only 28 mm wide, with only a 3.8x zoom. If that doesn't matter to you, then this camera is worth the $$ and will give you amazing photos.
camera|I love this camera. There are alot of function to play with. I have no clue about camera, I just want point and shoot but this one help me learn more option and want to know more about taking picture.The picture came out great, nice and sharp. The camera is a bit heavy and bigger compare to my nikon coolpix.This camera will good for the one that want to upgrade from small coolpix camera and want to take a better picture but still easy to used, still point and shoot. The price is a bit high but it worth it when you see your first picture.
camera|The RX100 is a pretty stunning display of technical virtuosity. It feels good at hand, the pictures are magnificent, and the range of abilities is pretty stunning.i use it in "intelligent auto" mode and am quite pleasantly surprised at how well it stitches together multiple pictures. It does the same thing in panarama mode. I didn't realize image processing had progressed quite as much as the RX100 demonstrates it has.Another thing I like: built-in help/manual. Really quite well done.What I don't like? Going back about a decade in terms of UX (user experience.) Complex, convoluted menuing, illogical flow of control, and arbitrary organization make this a product I have to really concentrate to fully use. Not much different than the Canon S95 it replaced or my Nikon SLR, but somehow the additional capabilities have added more than their share of conceptual difficulty. This is not a modern smartphone with a core consistency and elegant design relative to its complexity.Still, an amazing product and it works really, really well. I'm pleased I bought it.
camera|I ordered this camera as soon as the spec came out and got it a few days ago. It's a great camera on paper, but even better in action. Main plug points for me are super-fast auto focus and awesome low light performance. These are the two main reasons why I do carry my DSLR to parties/events sometimes. Generally, I don't like to drag a big DSLR to social gatherings and this camera is now my weapon of choice for those occasions. PnS cameras have come a long way in the past few years. I've been very happy with my previous advance PnS camera AKA the Canon S95, but this boy definitely redefined PnS camera landscape. It's on the pricy side, but you get what you paid for.
camera|Other have detailed reviews. Features, etc. I have been shooting with a D7000 and S100 for quite awhile. I have tried many pocket-carmeras. Returned several, gifted others. This one I shall keep. Images stunning. Handling excellent. Options. Too many but enjoyable to discover. Sit with the camera. Play with it. Discover what it does. My only neg is the zoom. But as all have said the images, so, so very good. For me it has been a matter of getting past the fact that I can edit my photos instantly on my ubiquitous iPhone5 and have become super lazy with regard to shooting with my DSLR or for that matter my S100. Sorry I am a "real" photographer (made a living for years) but do love uploading to instagram and FB. So it goes. Now I am taking the extra steps, camera to computer to phone to wherever. I print from time to time. Photobooks as well... and now with the RX100 I am back shooting with a camera once again... very cool. Worth the money... The last star missing is the zoom/macro... could be longer and closer...
camera|I upgraded from the Canon S95. Unquestionably, the RX100 is the best compact camera that will fit in a normal pocket on the market today. The 20MP sensor resolves a ton of detail, the colors are vibrant and the lens is sharp. Focusing is fast, the built-in flash is decent, and low light performance is substantially improved over the last generation of compact cameras. The price is the only downside but given what Sony has crammed into this miniscule camera, it's worth it.If you want better image quality than the RX100, get a Nikon D600.
camera|I've had the RX100 for about a month and love being able to turn it on and shoot with one hand when necessary. It produces good images and has a much better menu system than the NEX series. Although there are drawbacks like no filter threads, short focal range (28-100mm) and slow lens at max zoom (f4.9 @ 100mm) I can live with these. But the main drawback is the camera frequently powers on by itself in my pocket and I sometimes find the battery has been completely run down when I go to use the camera. I've found several other complaints of this on DPReview.com. Hopefully this is something they can remedy in firmware.
camera|I really like this camera. Although it doesn't have all the advantages or bells and whistles of my DSLR, it fits in my pocket. Rather than miss shots (going for a late night street stroll, meeting friends or dining out) I have this with me. In fact, after getting used to it, I took only this camera on a weeklong trip to Mexico and it worked great. The RX100 has a ton of manual controls but also has a good "point and shoot" mentality for when you want to turn your brain off. I don't publish dozens of photos to Facebook so I post-process every photo I print. For me, that means shooting in RAW which the RX100 does. The bigger sensor means I can get a clear and detailed photo when I blow up to 16x20 (the largest I have printed so far with this camera.) There are plenty of reviews of this camera both here and on the net so for my 2 cents:1) This isn't a camera for everyone, you are paying for RAW, a fairly fast lens and bigger sensor2) The RX seems to go through the battery fairly quickly, so buy a couple of spares3) As others have mentioned, the start video button is inconveniently located and easy to turn on accidently4) The camera has lots of features, I found a secondary handbook on how to use it, was helpfulIf you want a cheap point and shoot, you'd probably do better looking elsewhere. If you really enjoy photography but want some convenience, seriously consider this camera.
camera|I love the RX-100! It has amazing features and small size that have made me put away my digital SLR. The Zeiss lens is razor sharp and has quick focusing. The screen is bright enough for use in the sunshine, something my DSC-TX10 cannot do. My one reservation is the lack of threads on the lens barrel to take filters, something I hope to overcome with a magnetic filter attachment that attaches with sticky tape. I would definitely recommend the RX-100 to anyone who wants a small, super high quality camera.
camera|best compact camera out there. a bit pricey but you get what you pay for. photo quality aproaches dslr. status
camera|I've owned at least a dozen (maybe more) digital cameras over the past 12 years from Pentax, Canon and Panasonic. I was ready to upgrade again and strongly considered getting another DSLR to replace my older Pentax DSLR, but after a lot of study and thought I realized that a small camera would continue to get more use from me. I am so happy I made the choice -- this is all the camera I need, and more, and even in idiot-proof fully automatic mode I get great photos. The only downside of this camera is the truly pathetic product manual, and Sony's website doesn't provide much more help. I've supplemented this by an aftermarket e-book published here on Amazon and am only just now beginning to explore this camera's real capabilities after six months of use. This is a real winner.
camera|I love this camera and the price is worth it. It can do HD videos and it is awesome for low light. The pictures are very sharp. I bought it because it had a decent size sensor for a small camera. I did not want to get a big DSLR camera to carry around with me and this is next best thing.
camera|I did use quite a few of P&S cameras for leisure/travel (together with Nikon D3s and Nikon D800) and Sony RX100 is the best of all.I also want to say that Amazon Customer Service is simply excellent and I am happy to be their customer (they very nice and professional and I feel very safe to buy on Amazon)Thank you for great service!
camera|I own Nikon D3s with another full frame lens but I still carry this compact SONY "all the time". No camera bag, no strap needed to carry this thing. It fits into every pants I wear.Not trying to replace this my Nikon pro gear with this tiny thing but it is so fast that I can catch every moment (fast focus) at everywhere (small camera does not catch attention). What else can I ask for with $600? A very smart compact so hard to screw up.The high ISO noise can not compare with FX, the accuracy/speed is not pro level but I bet you will like to carry it everywhere you go. The best choice for pro user. I own a Canon S100 a few months before this but I found this SONY is the one I always carry.
camera|I bought it at best buy as an open item for $100 less, Best Buy will match any amazon price. I could not wait to put my hands on it. It is really small with a big lens. So far I love the pictures I have taken.
camera|worth the money. with 2 kids, we don't want to lug around a SLR. this camera fits in your pocket and takes great pictures.
camera|I received mine from sony 2 weeks ago and I must say. I'm impressed with the IQ and the performance of this little compact camera. Sony stepped it up again where others have to follow. Great Job Sony! Love the leaf shutter too very quiet.
camera|I was looking for something that would be an option to my DSLR and this fits the bill. I am extremely happy with the camera and the features and options.
camera|I am in love with this camera! It takes great, high quality pictures. It works just like a DSLR and it is so much smaller and easier to lug around. I took it to Disney World with me and it took fantastic photos, particularly at night. I was terrified of taking night shots using my old DSLR because of all of the settings I needed to change, but with this camera, all I have to do is switch it to intelligent auto and voila! Instant beautiful night shots. It is a little tricky to understand the programs at first, but within a week I understood it completely. I only wish that manual focusing using the dial was a little smoother.
camera|The other reviews nailed it for the RX100; it's an awesome camera in a small package. I'd buy one again tomorrow. I want to write about two issues that will matter for some and haven't been spoken of too much. It is hard NOT to hit the Menu or Movie buttons with the heel of your thumb along the right side when getting ready to shoot. As there's no sound associated with the buttons you can be in for a surprised when you look at the LED viewer. It's maddening to discover you're shooting a video of your shoes.The other is the panorama sweep. Think about it, you're swinging the camera from left to right while shooting. Guess what, the image quality suffers from a moving camera. Even on a bright day the focus isn't as sharp as a still photo. Add to that that you are not shooting as tall an image (1856 versus 3648 vertical pixels). I have learned that it's far, far better to shoot a series of stills and stitch them together in Photoshop.But the camera is still worth it!!!
camera|Ever since I started shooting digital in 1999, I have been looking for a pocket camera that would produce image quality similar to a DSLR. As the years went by and I became more and more tired of lugging DSLRs around and compromising my desire for a pocketable camera with cameras that you had to squeeze into a large coat pocket, I came across the RX100. I had a Fuji X10, which was extremely well built and had a great optical view finder, however, it did not fit in my pants pocket, it's image quality was good, but not quite what I wanted. It had a hit and miss auto focus and it's low light performance left a bit to be desired.Admittedly, the RX100 is expensive when compared to others, but you get what you pay for. In this case, you are paying for exceptional image quality (as good as some DSLRs) with excellent auto focus, good low light performance and clean images. My quest is complete.
camera|I am a blogger as well as someone who just wants my everyday photos to look good, but I was tired of carrying a heavy camera everywhere--especially carrying lenses in my purse. It's just such a hassle for me, when I can just use my phone or iPod to snap photos on the go. Until now, previous point & shoots just weren't worth it to carry around when the quality was comparable to photos taken my my phone.When I heard about the RX100, I wasn't sure if I could justify a $650 point & shoot. After about two weeks and reading at least two dozen reviews and viewing flickr galleries taken with the RX100, I finally decided to go ahead and order it. I will be moving to Japan in a month, so I figured it will be a worthwhile investment. Plus the value in always having a camera on you is priceless. For $650 though, I debated if I should just get a Sony NEX5 instead... it is a little bigger than an RX100, lighter/smaller than my Canon Rebel T3i. The reason I didn't is I didn't want to fall into the habit or purchasing lens for yet another camera.So far, the image quality has been pretty good. Photos are great. Taking high-quality HD videos is a cinch (just get a 64 GB memory card and maybe an extra battery). The camera feels good in my hand--it feels very solid and isn't too heavy or light, though I am considering purchasing a grip (if not the case). It takes photos/starts up very quickly, takes excellent photos in low-light settings. Regular photos still look very crisp.The RX100 still gets a five star review from me. Highly recommended, as the RX100 is years ahead of other point & shoot cameras.
camera|It took a while to purchase a good point and shoot camera that would equal at least or close to a DSLR camera when it comes to IQ. There are times I dont wanna bring my dslr because of the size and in some occasion I wished I had a decent camera with me. I was looking at M4/3 and even the Sony NEX's but bringing a lens or combination of lens is somehow a hassle. So, a fix lens or something that slips into my pocket is the only right choice but looking and reading the Specs on most point and shoot cameras are dissapointing...the downside is, small sensors. I dont care what everyone says but Im not a firm believer that a sensor smaller than an inch yield high quality pictures, There are some cameras that are exceptionssuch as the G series of the Canon line and well known brand like Sony. Then the Nikon V1 came out but still it didn't convinced me strong enough to pull the trigger. I know it's a good quality camera and the technological advances it packs in such a small form factor camera but I needed something with a fix lens. The G1X and G15 of Canon are good candidates but they are still big as a pocket camera. Then Sony RX100 came out, read the specs, and finally oredered it from Amazon. My first reaction when I opened the box like a kid opening a box of toy was the size. This camera is packed with technology in a small form factor which I really want. I like the feel, its solid metal and it doesn't feel cheap. Overall construction is superb and the lens..my favorite, Carl Zeiss lens with a "T" designation. It takes stunning picture and it beats my T2i with kit lens attach. Sony's color, clarity,and contrast is hard to beat. Im still a Canon fan and uses Canon 5dII and few L lenses and one of which is the 24-105mm IS USM L. As I have mentioned earlier, its just a huge gear to pack all the time. Now, Im a Sony fan specially when it comes to their compact cameras. I highly recommend this camera to anyone who wanted a professional camera in a point and shoot size body. Just amazing. Love it.
camera|There are already lengthy reviews about the quality of this product, let me simply say that as someone who takes many photos for work, this camera is spectacular, despite the high price point. Macro shots come out clearly, and the high resolution >20MP allows for amazing landscape shots with perfect quality. There are many features beyond my understanding on this camera, I do not have a single complaint about this camera, worth every dollar.
camera|I don't know much about cameras but I know that I appreciate great shots of family, friends, and landscapes. I am very surprised and extremely happy with the image quality of this camera. The clarity of the images is mind blowing. I also love that it fits right in my pocket and is user friendly. I keep the camera on 10 MP in order to save space on my hard drive and the picts still look great. I would highly recommend this camera to anybody who is on the fence.
camera|This is the Sony product you should own. Solid construction and innovation. If you want to take impressive photos without much camera knowledge or effort, you can! The panorama mode is very cool as well as the comic/graphic mode and B&W with one color. All features react very fast as the system is snappy and very easy to use. Using the innovative ring around the lens does take some getting used to, but if you are a fully automatic mode, you don't need to adjust it. The ring can be assigned to do several manual tasks instead of fiddling with the internal menu. The price of this camera is a bit steep for a non-DSLR, but it is worth it. It is simply the best consumer friendly camera Sony has ever produced. Even David Pogue says so!
camera|I am very pleased with this camera. It is like having a mini DSLR in your hands. You can charge the battery without removing it from the camera. Great camera!
camera|As a photography amateur, and owner of a Nikon D700, this camera delivers the goods. Finally there is a serious digital point and shoot camera in a small package. I carry it everywhere and feel well equipped to seize a photographic moment when it presents. I am not saying this camera replaces my main camera but the RX100 does a decent job when I don't have it around, macros, night photography, good DOF, fast lens and optics, good zoom, etc, etc. Make sure to visit Adobe Labs - they just made available (August 20/12) their latest LR 4.2 RC with support for the RX100 AWR format, it enabled me to unlock all the possibilities this camera offers.
camera|This is a fantastic camera. Believe the great reviews. And believe reviewers who report that Sony's RAW software (Image Data Converter - IDC) is weak, at best. My guess is Adobe will release a good converter soon. Meanwhile I found an easy workaround that gives me most of the capabilities of an excellent RAW converter. I use Sony's IDC to send 16- or 8-bit TIF files to Photoshop. (IDC didn't find my copy of PS-5 until I told it where to look.) That way I can keep all 20+ megapixels and have access to Photoshop's huge palette of magic tools when adjusting the TIFs.
camera|After a few days I still love this camera--amazing quality and versatility. Yes, the manual included is totally inaequate, but there is a pretty good one available online. Answered almost all my questions.My remaining question is this: how can I process images taken in RAW? I have Photoshop Elements #7, and it readily handles images from my SLR. But, while I can see my RAW shots in the camera viewer, so far I have been unable to open them on my computer for processing. I tried a reference in the manual to something on the SONY website, but it was mostly in Japanese.Can anyone suggest where (and maybe when) I can look for appropriate software?
camera|Having used a DSLR for the last 5 years, it has been a vacation using this camera! You still have full manual control if you want it, but also have an &#34;easy&#34; button so you can pass the camera around with the family! Takes great pictures. Does OK in low light. Love the pop up bounce flash! If you want a camera that is portable but that still takes wonderful pictures, this is the camera for you!What I love:- High Resolution- Larger Sensor- Bounce Flash- Manual Controls (Aperture control, thank you!)- Fits in pocketWhat I compromised on:- Low Light- No Viewfinder- No external battery charger (have to charge the batteries in camera, not that big of a deal)
camera|To make things short and simple :Daylight shooting: Don't even worry about a Thing !Low Light shots : THE KING of low light compact cameras , THE KING !Don't think , just go ahead and buy it if that's your price range for a compact camera ( just think of it as a tiny/compact DSLR)
camera|2/10/13 update: just returned from a very nice warm vacation. This camera continues to amaze in excellent ways. Low light performance is astounding for a point and shoot. The "hand held twilight" setting alone is worth its weight in gold. Also the "dynamic range optimization" options are very very good and make a great difference in the pictures. Took this to the beach daily (in a great USA gear case and plastic zip lock bag). Wonderful beach pictures - detail is excellent, colors are great. I can find no faults with this technological marvel. So, OK, I'll up my rating to 5 stars even though the user manual is an abomination.Really a great camera. Very versatile, excellent stills and video. The only complaint is the user manual: Virtually useless for anything but the most basic of functions, An unnavigable, poorly thought-out piece which was obviously put together by a bunch of engineers. PLEASE, Sony, hire some marketing/ technical writer types to figure out how to present all the great features of this camera in a usable, readable, navigable, user-friendly and readily accessible document.
camera|I bought the Sony RX100 to replace my 5 year old Canon G9 which I use for travel and to shoot photos and videos and blues and rock concerts. While the Canon G9 was great in its day, for concert photos you had to use a high ISO setting and the photos had a lot of noise in them that required some editing to improve sharpness, increase contrast etc.I've looked into more recent G10, G11, G12, G1X, Fujifilm X10 and others, but the Sony Rx100 beats them all. It is the most compact and has the largest sensor and a very fast lens. It's also got extremely fast focus and shot-to-shot time. So overall it's excellent for travel or for concert photos. Even though the optical zoom is only 3.6x because of the large sensor and 20mp photo size, you can use the fancy digital zoom without much degradation.Alas, the Sony RX100 is not perfect. The audio quality for concerts is not as good as the G9 or G10. At loud volumes (e.g. 100db) there will be some distortion (e.g. clipping) of the audio. It's better than the Fujifilm X10 or Canon S95, S100, but not as good as Canon G9, G10. Still if you are not in really loud concerts it may be fine.I highly recommend this camera. Great image quality, fast focus, great burst mode, built-in creative effects and small enough you can take it anywhere. Very easy to use; you can keep it on automatic for most things and get great shots or use the Aperature or Shutter Priority or other modes as you want to explore and learn more.
camera|I've had this camera for a couple weeks and have taken it on a few trips. In short- I love it. I've posted a handful of images in the gallery. Look for them, it's really the best way to see for yourself. None are edited. It is REALLY easy to get that depth of field bokeh effect. The camera is really easy to use, but makes you look like you know what you're doing. I really do love it, and feel like I have the quality of a DSLR in a size that fits in my pocket.EDIT: I've realized that Amazon compresses the images uploaded, which really kind of kills some of their pop. Check out some of the full resolution pictures here:[...]Happy camera hunting!
camera|Sony really nailed it - a pocketable camera with good low light performance. The picture quality is on par with many DSLR's and for the first time I can shoot with indoor sports with pocket cam using a fast shutter speed and attain proper exposure without severe high ISO image degradation.Couple tips:1. It exposes for the face well but in high contrast situations dial down EV to -.3 or more to avoid blowing out some highlights.2. Set flash compensation to -1 and you get great portrait fill light in sunny situations.3. The velour pouch from a Flip camcorder works great for pocket storage.It is built like a tank but I think this is one of those cameras that will have some serious battle scars (character) due to frequent use.Sony is back.
camera|Folks, the RAW converter for the Sony RX100 has been available on the Sony web site since June. It is an upgrade of the RAW converter used by all other Sony cameras. It is called Image Data Converter V4.1. The June update to V4.1 has the RX100 as well as other models. I found the link in the PDF file of the manual that you can download from Sony's support pages. Here is the link:[...]I just received this camera today and have not had the time to take any photos outside, but the few I did indoors are amazing. Macro at ISO 6400. I shot a closeup of a label on a bottle of pills under florescent light with the WB set to AUTO, and opened it in the raw converter. It is a little grainy, but very sharp. The detail is unbelievable for such a small camera. These RAW file are large; this one is 19.8 mb.I didn't find any problems with the menus or making setting as others have mentioned. It took me about 10 minutes to review all of the main feature I will be using.I bought this camera to carry around when I don't feel like using my NEX-5N which is now my primary camera.
camera|This camera takes incredible pictures from a technical perspective. Lens reach is the only thing that keeps me from selling my Nikon gear. The sensor in this camera is awesome and really does extend lens reach through cropping. I have been a wannabe photographer for 50 years. Technology will, in the near future, replace SLRs. On reviewing the specs and reviews, I knew this camera was the first release of this future and I can carry it in my pants pocket. I love it and look forward to its further development.Sony: please, please enable bracketing in 1EV+- increments for up to 7+ exposures. Why not? This is needed and would make this instrument complete from my perspective.
camera|I'm a serial camera upgrader (way too much disposable income) and this thing blows away every camera I've ever had. It has completely changed the game -- this is a DSLR sensor in a pocketable camera. Every other manufacturer is way behind. If you can swing the $650 price tage (September 2012), this camera is incredible. The detail is unbelievable. Hopefully this will spur every other manufacturer (Canon, Fuji, etc.) to focus on the thing that matters, sensor size. Instead of wowing us with optical zoom and megapixels, focus on large DSLR-quality sensors in pocketable cameras.
camera|I had ordered this from Amazon, but when it was available elsewhere weeks before here, I ordered directly through Sony. As a result, I've been using this camera for almost a month now, and it is superb.Up to now, the camera I most recommended for those looking for a lightweight compact was the Canon S100. The Sony RX100, while adding only low additional size and weight, doubles the capacities of the S100, and hence is now my new favorite camera and I highly recommend it.The reality is - that since getting the RX100 I have not used my dSLR camera once -- it has all the features I normally use, is equally fast, and the IQ of the shots is stunning. I've posted photos elsewhere so I won't repeat them here....but the IQ is simply stunning for a small pocketable camera.Some tips: if you shoot exclusively JPG, make sure you go into your creativity settings and change Saturation Standard to +3, and sharpness to +2 for perfect out-of-the-camera JPG's -- also turn DRO OFF, it comes ON as default and it will cause noise and anomalies in dark areas. (Sony took the lead from Nikon here, and its not a good choice. Turn it off. (You can increase highlights in PP if needed).
camera|I bought this at a high end camera store in Seattle. I went in and said to the salesman, "I want a camera that will take a picture when I push the button!!!!". I was tired of missing the shot I was trying to get of my very active boys on my old digital camera because of the delay after pushing the button. I was planning on buying the Fujifilm X100, but he encouraged me to try this one instead. I love it!Pros:- Minimal delay when taking pictures, and it has a great rapid fire function that keeps shooting pictures as long as you hold the button down.- Great quality photos- Really compact. Much smaller than the Fujifilm- has a lot of great functions and options - more than I will ever really need or useCons:- user interface is a little tedious. It isn't always obvious where to go to change a setting and it can take a few minutes to change things like flash settings. Very small dial for controlling the interface.- no optical sightI would buy this camera again. Absolutely great for somebody who wants to take pictures of kids who never hold still, but doesn't want to carry anything big.
camera|Fantastic camera. I took some extraordinary shots, and i'm a stupid photographer. It is small but works like the big ones. I didn't want to worry about lens cap and wanted to slide into my pocket. It does ! If it's not a tight one.
camera|Great images and can skip flash most of the time. Approaches slr image quality. Somewhat complex menus and incomplete owners manual.
camera|Great at... 1. Pic Quality. 2. Physical Size. 3. Lots of User Control.For me at this price I am not sure I can live with... 1. Fixed (no tilt) Screen. 2. Relatively low battery life -- I know it is small, but more important to me is functional. 3. Battery has to be charged in Camera - does not come with a separate Battery Charging Dock--not very convenient. 4. No Eye-Fi Setting Eye-Fi Connect X2 4 GB Class 6 SDHC Wireless Flash Memory Card EYE-FI-4CN.Bottom-line IMHO the Value Quotient is tough to justify.
camera|this is a nifty little camera but to maximize its potential one must obviously understand how to operate it. sony provides a tiny but generally useless instruction booklet which covers the most basic issues (e.g. how to charge the battery), most of which are already obvious. one can also access a similarly brief set of instructions on the camera by pressing an information button on it.there is however a link to sony's support page [...] in which a moderately detailed online manual ("cybershot user guide") is available. unfortunately, it is not formatted in a way (e.g. PDF file) that allows for downloading and printing the manual as a complete document so one must hunt and peck online. this is important as such a written document would be valuable as a reference when one is actually working in the field. for a camera this expensive and complex it is unfortunate that sony has not provided this information in a more easily accessible format. this strategy would seem to be a penny wise/pound foolish one for sony which is sure to annoy and irritate their customers.also, as many other reviewers have noted, be forewarned that the RAW files created by this camera are not yet supported by outside software vendors, e.g. adobe. i spoke w/ adobe support and they stated that a raw support file for this camera should be available sometime in september 2012 as a download.
camera|Initially loved the camera, feel, sensor size, automated settings etc. Until I tried to import the photos on a Mac. Latest Mountain Lion, latest versions of Lightroom (from Amazon 3 weeks ago) and latest iPhoto 11. Senior tech at Sony assured me that iPhoto would work as did two other people in Sony support. It didn't. After attempting iPhoto 11 imports error message said said "unrecognized file format". Yes, JPEGs transfer without a problem. Sony never they offered any apologies, last tech person said that the software wasn't ready yet.For a $700 camera not to universally be able to export RAW files is unacceptable to any photographer. For Sony to then say that its the customer's responsibility to know the incompatability issue exists, even though its not stated clearly is even worse. Do I need to buy a Sony computer? a Play Station. I can understand proprietary controls on a Playstation. This ends a 40 year customer relationship. I will not buy anything Sony ever again based on this experience.Sony said 'BUYER BEWARE!"
camera|I just received this camera this afternoon and am extremely disappointed! I bought this camera from amazon with a &#34;Used- Like New&#34; description (because I know how many times cameras are opened as gifts and are returned un-used and often un-touched). Once receiving the camera, it looked great. Flawless even. I was thrilled to charge the battery and start shooting. Unfortunately, as soon as I turned the camera on the &#34;memory card&#34; was unable to be read and prompted me to re-insert it. I did this several times and have tried EVERYTHING to re-inserting, giving it time, trying to format it on my computer, trying to reformat it in the camera, using other camera's working memory cards, etc and still it tells me that &#34;Memory Card cannot be read - please insert memory card.&#34; I am uterally disappointed as it seems that this is a flaw in a handful of these cameras. For such an awesome camera and review, I cannot believe a detail like was unnoticed. Even more so, that amazon or a seller would try to re-sell a defective camera. Now off to returning and looking for another travel camera. Not happy. ps - the memory card I am using is a SD32 which is compatable for a sony rx100. So I don't know what the deal is...
camera|This is my "just out of the box" review.I'll write a review of how well it actually works after I've used it for a while.First I must explain that I'm 77 years old and I HATE "miniaturization".I'd much prefer it if this camera were about twice as big, with mare easily readable controls.The camera retails for $648 on Amazon, but you can't really use it without a thirty-two dollar SD card, and you have to charge the battery in the camera, unless you purchase a separate battery charger. You need a camera bag (sold separately) in order to properly carry it around without damaging it.So, what we really have here is an eight-hundred dollar camera.Two flimsy-looking but apparently effective little "straps" are included. These are supposed to be inserted in the two teeny-weenie little slots on either side of the camera. But the straps are too big to be easily (or any other way) slipped through the slots. I am utterly at a loss here. I cannot for the life of me figure out how to get these things into the slots provided. Even if I DO get these things attached, I need to by a "strap" (sold separately) that attaches to them. Marvelous marketing strategy except that in my case I'm not a happy customer.I'm wondering what else will not work quite as I expected, without the purchase of some other "extra". I'm predicting that before I;m done, this will be a thousand-dollar camera. At that point I'll be afraid to take it out of the house.I think I'd better buy the warranty and the accidental damage insurance...
camera|The lack of detail in the final pictures was a deal breaker for me and sent it back.Not to mention that I got a used one from Amazon Warehouse and most parts were missing from the box. My two star rating is solely based on camera's output. I expected some lack of detail knowing that I deal with a P&S from the beginning, but I didn't really expect the lack of detail (mushy) in the pictures from a 1&#34; sensor. Honestly, the detail is as 'good' as my iPhone's. What Sony does better is Dinamic range, start up time and the bright lens, wide open at short tele. I probably expected way too much from a point and shoot. I remember having at one point a Panasonic LX5. The RX100 is as good as the Panasonic which can be found for one third of the price
camera|The camera rx 100 was nice on specification but it is not reliable. battery/camera died after a week and I had to return for an exchange.I feel it is a good one and bought it because many of my friends recommended. But I regret buying it with this price. Too expensive
camera|Sony DSC-RX100 20.2 MP Exmor CMOS Sensor Digital Camera with 3.6x ZoomAverage users can't handle raw image issue of this cameras.Most of the point and shoot camera users are not professionals, so it is an issue.Camera is too small to handle and delicate too.Cannons G1X is a better model, it has 1.5" size sensor but Sony got only 1" sensor.Cyber-shot DSC-RX100 should be priced under $300.00,$699.00 to high for the current market condition. It might be available in the n market soon with better price range.You should wait couple of month by that time Sony's competitors will be in the market and fight for their share and price will comedown drastically.Average user can't handle the complicated menu either.It is a good camera in general. Price is too high! Be patient, you will save!
camera|Cons: NO PRINTED MANUAL, NO PRINTED MANUAL, NO PRINTED MANUAL!!!!!!! $650 and NO PRINTED MANUAL! ARW not yet supported by Adobe.Takes very nice pictures. Has instructions in camera. Has instructions as HTML - not even downloadable pdf. And, did I forget to mention, NO PRINTED MANUAL!
camera|The RX100 may have all these shiny specs but I have found that in my experience it has much to be desired. I did not buy the RX-100 through Amazon, but wanted to warn other people from making my mistake. Do not believe all the hype. My biggest problem with the camera is that it does not focus correctly.
camera|I used the camera to take 30 or 40 shots inside a yoga studio. Lighting conditions were not easy. Put it on full auto. Almost half the pictures didn't turn out well. In many photos, the flash didn't come on. Why?My regular camera is a Nikon D 90. It would have handled these shots with no problem. Based on all the hype, I certainly expected better.
camera|Excellent quality photos. Too thick for pants or shirt pocket. For go everywhere point and shoot camera I still prefer the Canon Elph 300 HS or 310 HS.
camera|"Pocket" camera? You have to have very big pockets...I've been using a Sony DSC-TX66 for the past 6 months as my daily camera and generally love it, but when I saw the enthusiastic NY Times review for this DSC-RX100, I got very excited and ordered one.The RX100 is a great camera. It is fast and takes great pictures and has every manual setting that a serious photographer could want.But compared to my DSC-TX66, it is huge. My TX66 comfortably fits into my front pants pocket with my wallet. The RX100 does not comfortably fit into any pocket I have, even by itself. This is a big drawback for me.If the photos from the RX100 really were *amazingly* better then any other smallish camera, I might find a way to live with the extra size but I shot both cameras side by side for several days and I really don't think there was a clear winner on image quality. I know that the RX100 has an amazingly huge sensor, but in real life it does not seem to make a noticeable difference in final image quality- at least not for the photos I take. I even took a lot of low light and fast motions shots, but the fact is that the smaller TX66 is also a great low-light performer.One plus is that this RX100 does finally have a standard micro USB port which is nice. The TX66 (like every other Sony I've ever had) uses a proprietary cable, which is just one more cable to have/lug around.Overall, I am sticking to my TX66. If you are looking for lots of manual settings and focus, and don't mind carrying your camera around your neck or in a bag, then maybe the RX100 is for you. If you just want to take great pictures, and want to always have your camera in your pocket then I'd recommend you look at the older and smaller TX66 instead.Sony Cyber-shot DSC-TX66 18.2 MP Exmor R CMOS Digital Camera with 5x Optical Zoom and 3.3-inch OLED (White) (2012 Model)
camera|I bought one from a sony store but eventually returned it. My gripe was with the banding and constant flickering on the screen whenever i half pressed the shutter to focus. I found it highly distracting and unacceptable for a $650 camera. In fact all the other demo units in the store were having similar screen issue. I'm surprised nobody has mentioned this problem here. I must say I'm extremely disappointed with sony. So much for &lt;made in japan> quality.
camera|I went out and bought this camera after reading excellent reviews in the New York Times and elsewhere.My first evening with the camera was very frustrating, because the manual included with the camera is really the WORST owner' manual I've ever seen from a camera. The on-camera helpis pretty useless as well.Several kind readers have directed my attention to the "cyber-shot user's guide" on the essuport area of sony dot com.Amazon won't let me put the site here, but look at comments below for the exact address. The on-screen guide is a bitclumsy to use, but it does tell you a lot about most features of the camera.Sony: how about putting a card in the box directing people to the on-screen manual?I took it out for a shoot in the field today, and had a lot of fun. I'm slowly getting the hang of its manyoptions. The camera fits in a shirt pocket, though it's not feather-light. The view screen is very clear and bright, thoughit's less visible in bright sunlight. There's essentially no shutterlag on standard settings. (If you use special settings to reduce dynamic range, however, you willloose a couple of seconds to processing.)Looking at photos on my mac's screen, I've yet to notice a huge increase in sharpness overmy $150 Canon Camera, but I have been able to print out small areas of those shots with littleloss of detail, which is pretty amazing.
camera|I bought this camera to document a trip. I've used a Canon 7D and 5D and although I wasn't expecting perfection in such a small package, I was disappointed. The focus ring on camera is a bit of a joke. It could take as much a full 360 degree turn just to pull focus on the subject. Not responsive enough to justify the cost when the rebel t2i can be had for less money.
camera|I had high expectations for the sony rx100 after seeing all the rave reviews, and the specs. I got it and tried it for last two days with different indoor shots, took about 100 shots total. The result: image quality is about the same as my two year old nikon s8100 which cost me 250usd back then. Sorry folks, but it's all hype and clever marketing.I can't tell much difference between pictures taken by rx100 vs my s8100. The main difference I notice is much bigger jpeg files about 4-5 MB in size vs 2 MB. Unless I care to zoom and crop the image, or blow it up to poster size, I don't see any point in buying and keeping the rx100, and don't see the benefit of having 20mb pixel. The colors on the rx100 are too cool, and I prefer warmer colors like those produced by canon. The lens are fast, but only if you don't zoom and don't use flash. Shot to shot with flash on was a pity, almost 2 to 4 seconds lag in between depending on the charge level of the battery and amount of zoom. SLRs are a different animal because you can get great shots without flash, but not your average point and shoot. The battery drained much faster than I expected. Grip is not so good because the body is too smooth. What's worse? The rx100 struggled to focus on some of the macros I tried especially with full zoom. The 3.6x zoom is simply not sufficient; 7x to 10x zoom is needed for taking pics of anything out of your reach such as a water lilly in a pond, or a singer far away on stage in a concert.For a 650usd camera, I can't justify keeping it unless I'm overwhelmingly impressed and pleased by all the features. At this price level, I would recommend skipping this camera and go for a real SLR instead. I'm waiting for the next generation of the sony nex 5n.
camera|There are already a lot of in depth reviews on here. I think the camera is great. I hope SONy adds one feature in a future update. Preset focal lengths to mimic lenses like a 35mm, 50mm, 75mm etc. The Canon Powershot does this and it is a very useful feature, especially for pros looking to carry a pocket cam and still apear as though you had some lenses with you.SONY. PAY ATTENTION.THIS IS A MUST HAVE FEATUREADD IT OR CANON WILL EAT YOUR LUNCH WITH THEIR NEXT POWERSHOT.
camera|Although I carry the camera in my pocket, theoretically, that is what a pocket camera is designed for. Within a month of purchase, the camera stopped working. I assumed it would be under warranty, but Sony says no. Since it got sand inside, they refused to honor the warranty, and said the camera would cost more than the purchase price to repair.This is my third Sony camera, and I have been happy with the quality and build of the others. The NEX 5N continues to work fine, and the W620 is still working fine, in spite of spending several years carried around in my pocket.I don't think I will be buying any more Sony cameras. This is too much money to spend on a camera that seems to be quite a bit more delicate than what we are used to.
camera|Close up macro is not that great on this camera....The lens keep zooming in and out. Otherwise everything else is great...
camera|Fast shipping and great product. I would recommend this camera to a friend. It is the perfect camera to fit in your pocket and carry with you at any time.
camera|I'm just an amateur but the pictures from this camera are stunning.If you're prepared to pay a bit extra you can't go wrong with this one.
camera|The different modes make for taking great pictures fairly easily, and the manual mode allows for even more customization. It's a good step up from a point and shoot, and the fact that there are multiple modes means you can get better the more you use it.
camera|My husband bought this for my birthday after seeing a very good review in NY Times. This is a GREAT camera, I love it. I have had many poiint and shoots, previous to this my favorite was the Cannon One Shot, which i still have and use. But this camera is really a step up. It has very easy to use settings for different lighting situations, speed etc. It also has very good HD Film capability, I use with 32GB memory card, and can shoot for long periods...Produces very high quality photos. its still small enough to fit in your purse. Excellent panorama function, that uses a quick shutter speed process I've never seen before in other cameras'. I'm stilll learning new ways to use this camera.
camera|I had already made the decision to purchase the Sony RX100 and was looking for the best price. Warehouse Deals offered a very competitive price for an open box, like new product. Initially I was reluctant to take the chance on it thinking that perhaps something might be wrong with it, but since it had a return policy, I finally decided to go for it and wasn't disappointed. Only the seal on the box was broken. Everything else was immaculate and complete including the standard one year warranty. I'm delighted with the good deal I got on this outstanding camera.
camera|I bought this camera about 3 months ago. In one word-amazing! I am an amateur photographer and am still learning this camera but I've tried many different setting and experimented with quite a few features and the camera does an incredible job capturing photos and details. The price is a expensive for a point-and-shoot but this camera really is like having an SLR in your pocket!
camera|The package arrived in the time stated at checkout. So far great camera, I'm a novice just taking pictures on vacations and around the house and of family. I am really amazed with the quality of the photos. A lot of things you can do to photos with this camera. I'm just taking pictures in jpeg now. I tried the raw format but couldn't download the pictures with just the software on my iMac, must have another software program to read these photos. Movies on this camera are quite good. Very easy to import the pictures (jpeg) and movies into iPhoto. Just love the image quality in a small camera like the RX 100. The cable to charge the battery while in the camera is a bit (last resort) if you ask me, especially for a camera that cost this much. I got around this by buying a third party charger and additional battery so I could still use the camera while the other battery is charging.
camera|I had canon s90 and Olympus xz than I bought e-pm1 with panasonic x compact zoom lens (sorry too lazy to look up the exact model name) because I wanted a large sensor and still pocket-able. e-pm was pocket-able but still awkward in my pants. Rx100 has the large sensor (the sensor is not as big as e-pm but the lens combo has a much higher 35mm equivalent spec according to dpreview.com than the e-pm with Panasonic x compact zoom lens) and much much more pocket-able. You can still get the blurred background (just slightly but blurred enough) like a large camera would and according to online reviews, this camera provide great dynamic range, even better than some larger sensor camera (hard to actually verify that myself, I am just taking their word for it but I have taken several landscape shot and it turned out better than I expected) It has more buttons than the E-pm1 so it makes doing some manual mode much faster. It's not perfect but I feel this is the best money can buy if you want something easy to carry and still take bright night photos.
camera|These things matter to me in a camera:Must create great pictures with accurate color. (These days, to my eye, that is true of many, many cameras, including this one.) I have had a good experience with Zeiss t* lenses in the past (Yashica T4, Contax G), and suspect I'll be just as happy with this one.Must be useful - be something worth carrying around because it adds something over a camera phone. This camera's size, is a plus here, it is quite a bit smaller than my LX5 - much more of a pocket friendly camera. My lx5 is a cargo pocket camera, not a shirt pocket - unless it is a very heavy duty shirt. This one can fit in a t-shirt pocket - but still a bit of a stretch because of its weight.Must be beautiful in of itself. The Contax g1 is a work of industrial art. I think this is a beautiful camera. Certainly aesthetics vary from person to person - but to me, this camera reminds me of a leica CL and maybe a bit like a Leica M4.The RX-100 looks like a winner!
camera|With the camera off and with the battery inside fully charged, the battery gets completely discharged in 2-3 days. This is without using the camera at all.When I used the chat help of Sony, I was told that digital cameras do draw power even while they're off. I told her that while I understand that power is being used to maintain the clock and settings, it should be reasonably obvious that it is a defect if at night the battery is fully charged and then the next day when I first turn it on, it already shows half empty (and in another day or so, it's fully discharged). I was then advised to call the Sony Hotline Support Team.So I did. The Sony support team person was very professional and eager to help but the problem at this point is not yet resolved. At first I was advised to always remove the battery when not using. I told her that having a full battery discharge to half just overnight in a camera that's off is ridiculous. She seems to understand and agree and after checking a couple of things told me that she will be sending me a new battery. I asked if this problem is a known problem in their database and that this is the recommended solution to it, she admitted that they don't have information on such a problem yet and that hopefully the battery is the problem and to try it out and if it doesn't work to call them again and at that time maybe I may need to send in my unit to Sony for fixing.Just a little bummed that my $650 camera has a serious flaw that Sony says they're not even aware of yet.
camera|I purchased the RX100. It is, as the reviews indicate a superior camera. It is inexcusable,however, to insult your Sony customers with no supportive software and even more importantly to provide an almost useless manual. It is a slap in the face. It is ridiculous. The company has the ability and the brainpower to correct this error in a few days. Do it now please.
camera|I like taking photos of my toddler but all I know is using auto mode of cameras. My review is therefore, based on my experience with this new camera compared to Canon G12.Cons:- The pop-up flash & battery lid look like they can be broken easily. I don't know how I can keep them from being broken in 1-2 years!!- It's annoying to me that videos & photos are from separate replay menu.- Its zoom is a little less than the Canon G12- Every time I started to video my toddler after taking some photos, the screen says that it's recording my photos to the camera, so the videoing has to be delayed & I lost some seconds that I wanted to video my toddler! Even I don't know anything about cameras, it is slower than the Canon G12 at this point.- I feel the Canon G12 can take moving photos of my toddlers better than Sony RX100 (I noticed this when taking her photos playing with the balloons & bubbles outside)- I don't like using iMovies & Iphotos to download videos & photos from the camera to my laptops. I feel strongly that it took more time than when I downloaded photos & videos from Canon G12. & it's much easier to edit photos/videos by using Canon software.The software "WirelessAutoImport" suggested by Sony website for Mac can't be installed to my MacBook nor MacAir even mine meet the requirements of the software. I have no idea why. I posted this question in the forum but no answer yet.- I think with this price, Sony should provide a DVD to customers.- I don't like the way the camera is charged now & don't like the spend more money on the charger that will be in the market this Sept.- Battery of this camera is exhausted much faster than the Canon G12's.- The leather-like case for this camera is really expensive compared to genuine leather case for the expensive Fuji camera. But I bought it because it makes this camera easier to be carried around & it protects the camera much better than others.Pros:- Sony RX100 is very small compared to Canon G12 so I can easily carry it everywhere while chasing my toddler & take her photos or put it in my purse without hurting my skinny shoulder bone! :)- Its videos & photos are VERY nice! I'm very pleased (I only use auto mode as said).These 2 pros made me decide to keep the camera & give it 4 stars because all I care about is the beautiful photos & videos of my daughter :)I hope this review is rather helpful for people who only know use auto mode like me. I would appreciate if people who know more about cameras can teach me to benefit more from this camera! Big thanks in advance for your time!!UPDATE:- Just read advices of commenters. I appreciate your help & time. Will take time to learn more how to better use this camera. Thanks again!!
camera|Nice camera, nice images quality, hard to handle due to such a small size, and I like small cameras.2gripes1 size2 no view finderThe controls are sometimes a bit strange actingI bought a made in Japan model. Construction is excellent. I gave someone a very good deal. I have pre-ordered the Fuji x20. I like the Fuji X E-1 too, but the zoom makes it too big. I have always liked Fuji and I know, they are quirky.Buy the RX 100 ii you want a very small camera with great images, but do be aware it is very small.
camera|I bought this camera to use as double duty for home and business. I needed hi res and beautiful large images to be able to use on our website. I wanted a camera I could use on the run and keep handy in my purse. It is slightly awkward to use - even though it looks super simple. Perhaps it's the shoot button so close to the on/off? The size is great, and I love the point and shoot. One negative to me - I wish it had a view finder. I really miss that even though the screen is large - but I'm old and just like that feature in my other cameras.
camera|I purchased this camera to be a sort of daily driver, carry it around with the family to get the occasional photo rather than our larger DSLR (rebel xti). I generally agree with the reviews of all the positive qualities given by people here, I used it extensively over the past few weeks and easily prefer it to using a newer iPhone for pics. Compared to the DSLR, I'm probably not knowledgeable enough to tell all of the differences in the end result, but I don't notice anything where I think geez I wish I'd taken that one with the xti. I do want to note two problems I've had that I don't see getting mentioned much: powering it down can take 30-60 seconds for the lens to retract, which is just sort of odd since it happens about half the time but the other times it shuts down and closes in say 3 seconds. Also perhaps 1/5 of the time there is a long delay between pressing the shutter button and it actually taking the picture, maybe 30 seconds. This in multiple situations, but for ex. Outdoors bright light, no zoom and just a scenery shot. And no, obviously I don't have any delay set. So ultimately I like it, but the convenience of the size is offset by these weird issues with slowness and that is annoying at times.
camera|It's a great camera, I'm using it for those times that I don't want tocarry my Panasonic FZ-200 which is about 2.5X the weight. The thing that sold me on this was the review and still photos (of brown shoes among other things) by Ming Thein. (Thanks)Biggest Pros:-Image quality at high ISO settings >400.-Weight.-Size. Fits in a Kata DF-408 DL bag just right.-Automatic lens cover.-Electronic (roll/pitch)level.Biggest Cons:-The manual PDF has copyright on each page, it may be an issue when you take to your local print shopand get a spiral bound manual for about twelve.-Location of tripod mount is poor. To avoid this and other design compromises a larger camera body would be OK with me.-The help menu would be useful if it actually said something about each item.-EVF missing. The one used on the FZ-200 is what I want. Don't want an expensive add on accessory like the LX7 though which might fall off, break, etc.-Grip missing, forced into purchasing Richard's accessory grip for forty incl shipping. Related to thatthe Sony wrist strap needs a cinching ring like the Olympus wrist strap.The Pros outweigh Cons today, but this may change as competitors show up, and I won't buy a future product without the Cons being fixed. Fool me twice, shame on me.Made in Japan.
camera|I can imagine two groups at Sony, the engineers that created this product and the cost accountants that complained about the cost overruns. The engineers did a great job. In my use testing for a couple of days, the results were excellent, not much different in some outdoor situations from a top full frame rangefinder camera. Compared to a Leica D-Lux-5 or Canon S95 (which I own), the images are better, although both of those cameras do a very good job.But I surmise that the accountants pulled all costs out of this by leaving out a real user manual, neck strap, discs and battery charger. There was a newspaper-like printed manual, but just the very basics. No software; you need to download that, and it's very confusing to use. For a $650 camera why not package it with a leather or cloth case?Overall it took excellent images, but I felt like Sony nickeled and dimed me. There's so many features that are not covered in the manual that makes it frustrating to use. I eventually returned it because, while it takes better images, it's not that much better to require me to lay out $700, and devote a few days to understand all of its features.On the positive size, the Sony has accomplished what no other camera company has been able to do, creating a camera that's better than any other pocket-sized camera.For those that say you can print out their on line extensive manual, that's not so easy; it's a tutorial, not a PDF file and you need to print it out one page at a time. I love how so many come to Sony's defense for omitting something so basic as a detailed manual that describes each function.
camera|I have this camera for about 1-2 months and have had some great pics with it. It is fast enough to take some indoor pics. Fast enough to capture my active 2 year old. I upgraded from the Canon HS 110 which was junk. The color on this camera is much better and the speed is why I got it. I have it with a 32gb card and the videos and pics are so nice. The only complaint I have is that Amazon sent me a made in China model, when reading all the reviews stating that its made in Japan; I was expecting a made in Japan model. Hope it last..
camera|It takes sharp clear hi res pictures. But I don't like it when I hold it as there are no holding grip. Secondly, zooming capability is so limited compared to similar size Panasonic DMC-ZS20.
camera|I think this is all that Pogue said it would be but it is complicated enought and I am enough of an amatuer that I am not sure. The biggest faults are that the manual is not very useful, the flash seems a little flimsy, and no external battery charger. I hope I will give it five stars after I have learned more!
camera|I'm a professional photographer, and I didn't think I would ever find a point and shoot that would meet my expectations. I'm also a bit of a perfectionist! Every point and shoot I had bought in the past, I had returned. This one I kept. This truly is a groundbreaking camera. I have never seen such image quality from such a small camera (shirt pocket sized!).
camera|I bought this to replace my Canon S100, which is a fine camera. I've had the camera for about a week and a half now. Here are my initial thoughts.1. Its small (fit in your pocket) form factor2. Many of the pictures it takes are breathtakingly beautiful.3. The HD video quality is nothing short of jaw dropping. The video sound is excellent as well.4. The many different options available for picture effects, customized menu setting options, camera setting, IQ and Superior IQ. I don't believe in making life more complicated with unnecessary time wasting products and features, but learning the RX100 is worth the time investment.5. The watercolor effect is just plain cool.What I don't like:1. It's not the easiest camera to get a grip on while shooting2. Lots of (somewhat) complicated menu settings to learn3. Flash sometimes does not pop up when it is needed when in IQ or SIQ (Superior auto) mode.4. Superior auto mode is a bit quirky- not yet sure if it takes better photos or not. It puts 2 images on the SD card- one is closely cropped. I need to study and play with it to learn more about this mode.5. Sometimes the camera does not take pictures when pressing down the shutter in SIQ mode. I have not yet figured this one out.I have been a (very) amateur photographer for many years. After 5 years into it, I got tired of carrying the big bag/camera/lenses, accessories around and switched to much lower photo quality point and shoot cameras. I lost interest in photography shortly thereafter. This camera has me excited again and I'm taking it everywhere. I've noticed I'm even getting out more because I want to use this camera.
camera|I'm just an amateur photographer who is looking for a compact P&S that I can take to travel with me. My first was a canon G12, but even if its more compact than other canon DSLR's, there is nothing more compact and feature rich as the RX100. I feel more confident and invisible using it while doing some street photography. The icons look a bit confusing on the LCD while I shoot so I press the upward dial to make them go away, and focus on the scene.when I had my Canon G12, I'm just not satisified with the details of the shot when I zoom in. RX100 filled that need, and I can even crop my shot to the area I want.I notice the creative effects/filters dont work on RAW format, except for DRO, but thats no biggie... same also for 14x zoom which only works on 'fine' picture quality setting, and not on RAW.RX100 was also able to trigger an external flash, according to some tests I had. Picture I uploaded was shot using a second flash ;)
camera|Yes, the picture quality is as generally reported - excellent for a compact and very close to low-end M4/3 cameras (e.g., Olympus E-PL1). While the RAW files are not yet supported by the big apps (e.g., Photoshop) that is sure to come in the very near future, so no worries there. Lack of hot-shoe for external flash is no big problem as the metering works fine with slave flashes (my Metz 28 CS-2 does a beautiful job with this thing). Lack of external microphone jack is a shame really given its awesome video capabilities, but I can live with it given my limited use of the video feature. The biggest miss for me is a horizontal thumb wheel at the top right corner to control the ISO (or even aperture if you want a one handed operation). Yes you can use the vertical wheel but that has two limitations - it is shared among so many important adjustments that you need to constantly switch between them (metering mode, flash mode, ISO, AF mode, shooting mode, etc.), so you often need a two step process to change anything, and also the vertical wheel is hard to use with your thumb lowered to it without losing your grip on the camera (so you end up pressing it hard to ensure a tight grip, but guess what - that clicks it and you change an adjustment. The wheel is also a 4-way switch).All said, it's a superb compact, if about $200 too expensive. I can easily recommend for the enthusiast given the choices in the market at this time.
camera|I've had this camera for about a week and have loved the results of the photos. It takes amazing pictures and is user friendly. One issue that I encountered today is that upon reviewing photos on the camera, splotchy dots flashing like pulsing lights appear on the pictures. It only appears on one mode of reviewing (the one with specs of ISO, aperture, and shutters speed) and not others, which leads me to believe that it is software issue. Has anyone else had this issue? As a result, I am sending this camera back for another one. Hopefully the next one won't have this problem.**Updated*** 8/2/12It appears that the blinking highlights is a feature vs. an issue with the software. A very helpful one might I add. Thanks to the commenters that lent insight.
camera|Great camera for creating excellent photos as covered by prior reviews. I am an experienced, more than casual, photographer dating back to the Nikon F days. The RX100 replaces my Canon S90 as I do not want to carry around DSLRs. Aside from well documented lens and sensor advantages, I most like the 10 shots per second, particularly for bracket shots taken to HDR software, now with no need for a tripod.The on-screen menu coupled with `help' function works well even though a .pdf complete manual will be great when released. Also, a battery charger would be well received.I have also ordered a custom grip for better one-handed control as the camera skin is quite slick.
camera|This is a fantastic camera. I have been shooting all types of images since I received the camera this week. Thoroughly impressed with the lens quality and many features of this extremely compact camera. I returned a new Canon T4 and I don't think I will miss it at all. The Sony camera has all I need for 99 percent of my everyday photo needs. I loaded a few photo samples to demo the quality of the images. Here is a great review of the camera by Pogue. [...]
camera|A day is far to short to write much of a review, but I do have several comments worth noting. I ordered this camera over 2 months ago and have read every review on the internet I could find. Still actually having the camera with all the features seams overwhelming. I started with list in hand to set all the adjustments I knew I would want like picture size and aspect ratio, steady shot on both pictures and movies. I only use flash when I have to so I turned it off etc. Then I set it for JPEG/RAW. My goal was to Photoshop the RAW versions of those JPEG's that you just can't get the color or detail right. What I found is currently Photoshop does not support the RX100. That should change in a few months so I will continue to shoot that way on my next trip.Size matters and although it fits in a pocket I recommend a case attached to your belt. I was hoping it would fit into the case for my Cybershot but it's just a little too big. I'm currently using a case I got with some small binoculars 15 years ago and am still looking. My needs may be different from most. I need a small, quick to use camera that I can carry with me on trips. I shoot inside and outside at all times of the day or night and many times with little advance notice. When I return I spend hours turning the pictures and movies into DVD's to share with family and friends. What can I say, it's my hobby. I've found I won't watch hours of camcorder movies or look through photo albums but I will grab a DVD and of a trip and watch it.I too would like a separate battery charger and in the accessories mentioned in the literature with my camera Sony has one. Don't get too excited though. It says it will be available in July but so far they are not offering it on their website and neither is any other vendor offering one. I guess the camera is still too new.One day is not enough time to see how good it is in real life but I plan to take a 3 week trip through Russia this fall and will update my review then.It's day 2 and I'm finding a lot of interesting things. Buried in the menu is a large section of tips about how to set this camera for various shots. It's like the missing manual. They tell you how to make adjustments to auto to defocus the background, change the picture temp, change the ISO and vividness as an example. The more I play with this camera the more I like it. So far I've taken and deleted about 140 pictures just for practice. Some minor concerns. The battery life seems shorter than advertised and the door covering the charging USB seems fragile. These concerns should go away if they really bring out the separate charger this month.
camera|After deciding to buy a new camera for my Disney World trip, I was in a dilemma. Technology has come a long way since I got my Canon SD950 which I thought was already an amazing point and shoot. I was about to purchase the Canon s110 when I was recommended the rx100. This little thing is a beast and the reviews for it prove to be true. It is slightly bigger than the s110 but the quality of the pics are on par with some DSLR pictures I have seen. I wanted the quality picture but not the size of the DSLR. I considered getting the NEX but realized that I wanted a point and shoot more than a mirrorless DSLR at this time. People have been amazed at the picture quality that I have taken thinking I have a DSLR. Another reason I chose to get the rx100 is because I am not familiar with a DSLR yet and I like that I can use the auto function and take great pictures at the same time switch to manual and practice. If manual is still too intimidating for me, I can switch to Program, Aperture, or Shutter Speed and practice those with some assistance from the camera. Overall a great little product.One thing I would have to get used to is the flash popping out. I am not used to that and have left my finger on top of it when it started to come up. This will be an adjustment I am willing to make.I've only had the camera for three days but have posted some pics for review for those who are considering.
camera|I got this for when my firstborn arrived. It's been amazing and have enjoyed using it. It's hard to take a bad photo with this!I also enjoy being able to go into full manual control.
camera|Wow this little RX100 is impressive. I have never bothered with a point and shoot camera until now because most of them are just not up to par with DSLR quality. I wanted something small with great image quality and able to access many features, and also excellent build quality (Made in Japan). Honestly I'm tired of making excuses for not taking my DSLR to any events. Now I have no excuses and not to mention my wife loves taking picture even more with the new RX100.
camera|I have only had the RX100 for a few days, but I have already decided to sell my often used S95 and barely used LX-5 on ebay. The RX100 is NOT just marginally better than both, it is a quantum leap in image quality. My wishes for the next iteration: 24mm at the wide end and a paper manual... otherwise great job by Sony on this one!!
camera|Truly portable every day carry, fast focuser, great image quality. Canon s100 was not really special, this one truly is. Large sensor results in a 7 ouncer. If Olympus priced it it would be $1500. Replaced my e-m5 with 6 lenses, $4000 worth of m4/3 and $3000 of Nikon Dslr and lenses and don't miss them!!
camera|I have had many different cameras over many, many years. Some expensive and complicated and others not so. All of my Sony cameras have been good, but this one is over the top. Image quality, resolution, color rendition, shot to shot speed, build quality and handling are all unsurpassed for this class of camera. I also own a Nikon D7000 and after comparing identical shots - there is no longer a compelling reason to lug around a huge DSLR anymore. The output of this camera blows away cameras thousands of dollars more, so along with it's size and build quality, it's a relative bargain. Buy one of the external grips for the body and a good lanyard, a SDXC 64GB memory card and you are all set. For now, this camera remains the benchmark for it's class and could very well be the benchmark for many other classes of cameras too. Very nice to finally buy a digital camera the actually exceeds your expectations!
camera|I bought this camera in 2012 specifically for our annual trip to Maui and waited to write a review so that I could get some experience with it first. I'm coming off of the super-portable Sony DSC-T7, which I bought mainly for its size. The RX100 is heavier and bigger than my old T7 (like 1/2 deck of playing cards vs 1 deck), but it is still pocketable. There is no external battery charger, but I have no issue with this as I bought a spare battery and usually, one fully charged battery got me through 1 day of pictures and video. My T7 had an external charger and I hated that it was the only way to charge the battery.There is no paper manual included (people are seriously insane for taking away 1 star rating for this), but I easily found a digital copy of the manual online. I found myself a little lost with the RX100's menus at first. But, after a few days of use, all the symbols and in-menu abbreviations were recognizable. Plus, there are in-menu hints and descriptions so I never felt totally lost. I'm a recreational type of photographer (ie, vacations, special events, after I've handwashed my cars, funny sleeping poses by the dog, etc) and this camera has given me more ways to have fun with photography.This camera can do A LOT. I found myself using the picture effects a lot just because I could. Want only blue colors to show up? Easy. How about turning your friends into a watercolor portrait? Sure. Want your beach pictures to look like they were taken with your grandfather's film camera? Hey-oh! How about pictures in twilight/night settings? Not a problem, but hopefully your hands aren't shaky. Because of this camera, I'm now learning how to "bounce" the flash and playing around with ISOs, aperture, etc. The features that I liked best and use the most are the special picture effects (lots of fun with this), lowlight photography, HD video played on TV, continuous shooting, and panoramic mode (great for capturing the volcanoes and the landscape around them).I decided on the RX100 because I wanted something much smaller than a DSLR, but still have some of those big-boy functions and features.
camera|To get all the prerequisite credibility stuff out of the way... I primarily use a Nikon D7000 DSLR and myriad lenses. I haven't been in photography for eons, though I am a serious hobbyist with a few years under my belt. I tried micro four thirds as my smaller camera solution. And my experience with M4/3 was very good! I almost got rid of the big DSLR rig. I stepped back and asked myself why I wanted to switch to M4/3. My answer: I wanted a light easy to carry solution with image quality nearly equivalent to my DSLR for times when I didn't want to lug the big rig around. I got so far into M4/3 that I found myself with a bunch of M4/3 lenses, many of them large - so it began to defeat the purpose. I then realized what I wanted was a pocketable, powerful, portable camera. I sold the M4/3, kept the D7000 outfit, and researched pocketable compacts.Research led me to the Sony RX-100. Good sensor size. Manual controls and powerful auto-mode features. Decent lens zoom range. And it indeed is pocketable! The image quality is so good that I normally keep it in the enhanced intelligent auto mode. More times than not, I'll use the jpgs right out of the camera. I import them to Lightroom, maybe crop or tweak clarity or something, then export to resize and get my watermark on it and I'm done.Prossize, pocketable.controls.clear screen.lens retracts into body and no cap required.control ring around the lens to control various things.image quality very pleasing.does in-camera HDR and panoramas.I may be odd, but I like the digital zoom feature on this camera. Implemented much better than typical digital zooms.ConsNo touchscreen :( big frowny face. This camera needs a touchscreen. Touch to focus, touch to shoot. Would be awesome.small size/handling. I don't have overly large hands, but I have to relearn to hold this tiny thing after using the DSLR.screen can be hard to see in bright light/glare.battery life - it's ok, but nothing to write home about.have to charge batteries in-camera with USB adapter. I bought a third party external battery charger, but it doesn't seem to work (separate reveiw needed).It's making me lazy in not wanting to use manual modes - the intelligent auto is that good.and obviously, this is not a DSLR and can't match DSLR for action shooting.I'll add to this as I get more experience on the RX-100.
camera|I cannot advocate this camera enough!Great compact size. Solid beautiful construction, nice metallic feel. But please use the wrist strap, i get scared to drop this 700$ camera! Extremely portable and can fit in pockets. I used previous canon powershots (which were big and bulky)Photo Quality: Amazing, AMazing, AMAZING photos. My previous canon powershots had barrel distortion, none can be seen on these photos. The color and shadow detail is spot on and very sharp images. I use this for both recreation and in the operating room (for educational purposes). The ability of this camera to correctly and faithfully reproduce colors under harsh lighting conditions in the OR is amazing. Every time i see images on the screen, I am almost always amazed at the photo image quality on my computer. I never get let down. Low lighting starts to suffer, but i find using the flash still provides a very natural feel to photos and colors.Zoom: i typically don't zoom on photos, because i can generally crop. But this morning i used some zoom and was extremely happy with the results. It does have an optical zoom to help prevent serious image degredationEffects: At first i thought this was an odd addition for such an afficionado camera. But i came to find the "high contrast" and "rich" b/w options to be a lot of fun. Sony really did a wonderful job with their in camera processing to create some great photo renderings. These B/W options also look great once the ISO increases or ambient lighting decreases, it gives the camera a "FILM" grain and can have dramatic effects.Panoramic: i used this recently in park city UT on the slopes. Great and simple panaromas. Beautiful stitching and not a whole lot of distortion. One of the simple benefits of having a new camera system.I hope u guys do the right thing and get this camera. Way better than the canon's i've used before. I used to be a big canon fan boy (5d mark II and Powershots). I think sony gets a bad name b/c when they first started their product was only "so/so".
camera|Camera is small size, easy for carrying, but takes large camera format photos - quality exceeded by expectations. Purchased a book on Amazon- Photographer's Guide to the Sony DSC-RX 100 which has been very helpful.
camera|The camera is fabulous, a camera of this size with a decent lens and attractive while not having the best zoom is compensated by the high resolution, the camera shape is not very ergonomic and surprisingly small accidentally and you can lock flash output, but eventually you get used to ski operate it. I would recommend this camera to anyone who wants a portable machine with all the options of a professional camera. Of course there is the price but _ I am sure it will be an excellent camera for years. If you want this camera buy it, you wont regrett
camera|Excellent camera in every aspect. I carry it more than any other camara I have had previously.Optical zoom is 28-100mm but it has the "clear image"zoom capability that really works. It is not a crop function.You can see an example in: [...]Look it up at the entry of Aug18,2012The explanation on how this works is done at: [...]
camera|I have used this camera a great deal over the past two weeks and love it! It is the first pocketable camera that has the speed and quality of a DSLR. Plus for home videos it is better than a DSLR (due to greater depth of field and auto-focusing) or camcorder (due to increased image quality). Its small size (versus DSLR or interchangeable lens camera) and high quality (compared to Canon S95 or S100 or high-end point-and-shoots) means I will actually take this camera with me for outings with the kids and capture great photographs and videos.There is always room for improvement. I would have personally wanted a printed owners manual and time lapse functionality (plus brighter lens, hot shoe and mic in despite these adding a bit more size). But still I think this is a five star camera due to its speed, image quality and small size. I no longer have an excuse not to have a great camera with me at all times.
camera|This little camera doesn't disappoint! I sold my Olympus XZ-1 for this camera, and it is indeed better!Better feature set, smaller/lighter, feels more sturdy, crisper, lower noise, much better video capabilities than the XZ-1.Also works way better with the EyeFi card than the XZ-1. XZ-1 I had a lot of problems using it with EyeFi 8GB x2 card. RX100 work flawlessly! It even has a little icon showing you the status the Eyefi car, if it is uploading or connected to a hotspot of not.
camera|I just didn't like the way it felt in my hand. It is indeed very very slick. The only way I could make it work for me was to get a leather half case with a secure strap around my neck. Then of course it wasn't very pocketable. I tried the flipbac grip but still could not get used to it as a pocket digicam. Just not for me ... Returned it!A word of caution ... the camera is very slick as I previously mentioned. Make sure it it secured to your wrist or neck before it slips out of your hand and becomes an expensive paperweight.
camera|Just got my rx100 and was suprised to find that it was made in China, after many reviews stated that the camera was made in Japan and commented on the wonderful build quality. After some research apparently the first batch was made in Japan and then production moved to China. This was upsetting at first, but some people on the forums have owned both copies and stated that image quailty and sharpness was actually better on the MIC version. Just wanted to let amazon buyers know. Maybe someone will do a professional comparison of the 2 versions, until then the jury is still out. So far the camera is as amazing as people say, high iso is especially impressive.
camera|Please understand they do not really compete with one another although they could one uses a aps c sensor while one uses a 1" sensor.There is no argument at ~$1000 the coolpix A does in fact have a larger image sensor than the ~$600 rx100. Using the Coolpix A what really bugs me is the lack of actual zoom on this thing and the slow autofocus on this thing as well. Lastly there is an annoying thing where there is a little switch on the side to switch to between: macro, auto focus and manual focus. The lack of image stabilization is another bad thing the RX100 lens does have image stabilization.RX100 advantages does have faster auto focus, in superior auto you do not need to physically hit a switch to go in between macro and auto focus. (it does what it suppose to do auto detect that its a macro picture or other scene options) The Macro on the RX100 is also significantly better as well, I prefer the macro on the RX100 as I can get a closer shot to the object before the focus does not work anymore.But do realize in real world situations a faster auto focus, image stabilization will generally snap you a better picture than a camera with slower auto focus especially when you are using auto mode on these two cameras. Where the RX100 shines is the faster auto focus being able to snap multiple pictures at once and choosing the best picture of the bunch it snaps. To me if you want an all around camera the RX100 would be the definite choice but if you are maybe just taking pictures of landscapes or non moving pictures on a tripod the Coolpix A might be a better choice.If you google rx100 vs coolpix a you'll find spec comparisons and reasons why you might wind up falling in love the RX100 over the coolpix A. I also recommend trying them both in person I bought the rx100 first and then bought the coolpix A seeing if I would replace the RX100 but winded up returning the coolpix A.
camera|This is the first time that I bought Sony Camera products , I am a Canon DSLR fanatic . However ,after I try this Sony Rx 100 , I am very impress with all the result and the out come of this product , especially when i took the macro shoot.
camera|Hands down the best camera i've ever owned. I was never much of photographer before, but now i am spending time learning the craft because of this camera.
camera|To start off, Sony deserves a demerit for not providing a hard copy of a lengthy user's manual. Many of us don't want to be tied to a laptop or desktop, or have a really good tablet, and/or pay for data usage with a good download speed in the many situations where we want to look at a manual.More importantly... I still have not had time to explore the many potential and sophisticated complications available when taking a picture with this camera. But I can say with disgust that Sony has done a miserable job of constructing the software for manipulating files afterward.When I look at the contents of the SD card while it is in the camera and connected via USB to my PC, I clearly see folders that have been named with the date of the shoot (a useful default, I presume). I know what folders are almost universally considered to be, and these are presented as though they are folders, although these folders do not appear if I take the SD card out of the camera and plug it directly into my PC.And it is easy to copy one or more of these folders to my PC using Windows Explorer. But it is not possible to delete a folder on the SD card/camera while examining it via Windows Explorer.I spent a half hour carefully searching a pdf of the entire lengthy manual trying to find a way to select a folder and then delete the entire folder in one swoop. I thought I had done just that with a selected folder when I clicked OK to delete "All in Folder". Instead the camera deleted all the pictures on the entire card. Fortunately I had previously copied most pictures of interest to my PC (I think).The almost complete absence of thought and work put into these important aspects of using a digital camera, beyond the initial action of taking the picture, translates into a mediocre product rating.And to add insult to injury, the folders themselves are still there - there is just nothing in any of them. I am still left with the mystery of how to delete them. (Again, they don't appear as such when exploring the SD card directly, so I don't see how to delete them there.)
camera|As promised and advertised...thank you. I love this camera, it has replaced my DSLR for most personal outings. Get one, you won't be disappointed, but be realistic, this is not a professional camera.
camera|Great performer. Super-fast focus. Great fast and clean lens. Excellent exposure and color response. Full-manual with excellent auto modes as well. Panorama auto-stich is incredible. Especially like the automatic multiple-exposure modes which use the anti-shake technology to align multiple frame captures. Multi-Frame Noise Reduction (MFNR) is a great way to get low-noise, high-iSO shots. Anit-blur mode uses same technology when subject is moving. All in all, very fast, light, compact, and high--performance pocket camera. Only downside is that it's a bit pricey considering MFT and other ILCs out there. But if you want the power of a great camera that can fit in your pocket, this baby is the only game in town.
camera|I've had this camera for only a week but I am favorably impressed by the quality of the camera and the images that it creates. To have a small, pocketable camera with an image sensor this large that can produce impressive image quality seems pretty darn perfect to me! Well done Sony!Only negatives for me: on-line user's manual; flash placement. I can get used to the latter.
camera|I purchased this camera right when it was first available and have been using it for about a month as I write this review, having taken it on a week-long vacation and taking many shots plus video. Overall, I'm very happy with my purchase, as I feel that it lives up to the quality for both stills and video that I was hoping for when I bought it. However, there are a few short-comings, some of which are not the fault of Sony or the camera and which I expect to be remedied down the road. They include:- RAW files are not yet compatible with Lightroom, which is something I really wanted. I'm sure this will be solved pretty soon.- Similarly, 1080/60p AVCHD video is not compatible with iMovie or Final Cut Pro X on the Mac yet. I'm hoping this will happen down the road. For now, I shoot in 60i, which works fine and still looks good.- Sony supplies no software for Mac, but I would use my third-party programs anyway.- When zooming in video, once you hit the end of the optical zoom, it kicks into digital zoom that degrades the quality. This can't be turned off, which is a real dumb oversight. However, there is a noticeable spot where this happens, so you can usually catch it and keep from going there (at least too far).- When shooting stills with the standard 2-second preview on and then trying to quickly change the zoom level for the next shot, it instead applies the zoom control to the preview mode and keeps it locked in that mode, so that you have to manually get back to camera mode. This got so annoying that I turned off preview mode altogether and just manually used the play mode button to see the photos I just shot. I couldn't figure out how to turn this off.- The build is generally solid, but as others have noted, the flash feels flimsy and makes me worry that eventually it might break. Also, I had the battery door on the bottom open by itself several times, which was somewhat disconcerting. The latch for that is pretty weak.- The manual was a joke, as others have mentioned. I found the online one, but it's a live web site, not a PDF you can download and keep. I imagine they will fix that eventually.Those are pretty much all my gripes, which prevent me from giving this camera a full 5-stars. Still, the image quality and video quality are both excellent. I had this camera along with a Canon 60D with an L-series lens on my vacation, and while it couldn't quite keep up with the Canon (as expected), I still was very happy with the photos it took and could watch them alongside the Canon photos without feeling that they were drastically inferior. The video was also very clear and nice, even when shooting indoors in regular lighting, which has given me problems with other cameras in the past. Given the form factor of the camera, which made it easy to take lots of places I didn't want to drag the DSLR, plus the very good low-light performance, especially when you don't zoom in, it's definitely a keeper for me.
camera|I bought this camera for wife so she can carry with her since I know that she won't talk our DSLR with her. After receiving last week and used over the weekend I have to say that it meets all my expectation. Superb picture quality and packs a lot of features. If I know ahead of time that I will be shooting pictures I will bring my Canon 5D3 with the various dedicated lens, but it is great to have something like this you all the time.
camera|I bought this for my fiance for Christmas. It's so fun! All the cool effects, you can do with one camera..like illustration pictures, great HDR! It's amazing. The panoramic option takes great pictures. My fiance was amazed at the quality. Can't wait to take it out to somewhere with great scenery!
camera|I considered upgrading from my trusted and beloved Lumix LX-5 to the LX-7, but it has grown to be unpocketable. THe RX-100 is equal or better than the LX-7, depending on what you use it for, but for me the RX100's small size means I will have it with me, and so I switched. I love the camera although it is so small I will need to get one of those rubber grips so it is easier to hold. It's only quirk, to me, is the slow switch to the review mode. But I care more about the ease of use and pic quality, so still, 5 stars for me. The rest of SOny may not be inovative, but when it comes to cameras, I am impressed!
camera|Having owned DSLRs in the past and almost all of my friends take pride in their bulky DSLRs. And I know why because with DSLR you can shoot amazing photographs. But here is the catch ; If you are a avid photographer and do this for a living or have a passion for photography then DSLR's are the ideal choice - nothing can beat that. But for anyone who has a slight interest in photography and needs a great camera for capturing family moments without setting the stage. Then this is the BEST camera out there. The price you pay is justified for the Compactness, Quality of Images and features that are packed into this surprisingly small body. Sony has done an amazing job. I love this camera.Cons- The Location and Pop-up functionality of the Flash reminds you every day that this thing will break one day and it will break your heart when it does so. I wish they could have designed it different - Maybe not Pop-up but Pop-out into the front or something!- I do get blurry shots but cannot blame the camera for it. I need to learn to choose the right settingThis is a Compact camera with Soul of a DSLR. Takes some time to get used to it and that is expected. Love it!!!
camera|I love this camera. I almost wrecked it when initially charging the battery "in camera". When I pulled the cord out, I didn't realize that the cover for the compartment was hooked to USB plug. The cover for the compartment came off the camera. I found it very difficult to push the hinge back into the camera. My advice: Buy a charger and a couple of extra batteries. Do all charging outside the camera - thus changing only batteries in and out of the camera. You will not have to bother the USB cover again.I bought a book on the camera. It takes to long to learn all the ins and outs of a complicated (but good) software. I am sure I would miss many capabilities of the camera without an outside resource to guide me.
camera|This just arrived a week ago and I've taken about 500 pics and 6 avchd movies. Over-all a great camera experience - super picture and video quality as other reviewers rave about. Incredibly small, but heavy for the size with a nice solid feel. Very nice controls, UI, and easy to customize. Amazing lcd screen - not having a view finder has not been an issue, even on a sunny day on a boat.Two main issues so far:1) Super slippery plastic on the front left side (where your right hand grips it) makes me wonder how long it will be before I drop it. In fact the first 'real' picture I took from the camera almost didn't happen - it nearly slipped out of my hand when I pulled it out of my camera case and went overboard on the first day. I don't like wrist straps, and want to keep it small enough for a pocket so using a case all the time doesn't work for me. Why didn't Sony use a plastic that was rough enough to provide some grip in the front? Or even better put a little rubber strip down the front side where your finger tips rest. Didn't they read any of the reviews of the Canon S90 / S95 / S100 where people complained about trouble gripping the earlier models? Does Sony want to repeat that history? It's not a deal breaker, but this tiny camera does have some heft to it so you really do need something to hold on to. The choice of form over function here is a design flaw that is really inexcusable. Few would pay $650 for a good looking camera... those of us who will want a super-functional camera. Arg. So unnecessary to have this problem.2) My old camera (canon a710is) generates movies that download automatically with my pics to my macbook pro running snow leopard. This Sony generates movies in a much better format, but it looks like I'm going to have to do some work to figure out how to even download them to my computer (they don't get copied over automatically with the pics). And when I finally do get them on the macbook, according to what I've read, I'm either going to have to upgrade iPhoto (I have a 2006 or so version), find some shareware app to view the avchd format, or buy a fancy editing/viewing program (FCP or APS?). Anyway, turns out it's not plug and play for movies for me and my old mac.
camera|An amazing camera. Period. This will get much more action then my DSLR. It's ergonomics, speed, and quality are awesome. On screen preview, near silent shutter, Auto HDR all make this camera much more practical and enjoyable then a big DSLR.
camera|We've been using this camera for a few months now and decided it's time for a review.Deciding what to rate the camera is the hard part.What do we like? - It's small/reasonably light but has a comparatively larger sensor size. - IQ is excellent for something of this size. - It's a nice looking camera. - Has pretty good low light performance. - Useful when you don't want to lug a bigger DSLR around everywhere. - Superior intelligent auto mode.What's ok? - The camera has plenty of good features but not necessarily that intuitive. - The ring around the lens is not tactile enough but does a job.What's not to like? - The price - being Sony, they will always charge a premium for their products. - It's one of the more complex/harder to use cameras out there if you are trying to go beyond the basic auto mode.We're not pro-photographers so this would be more aimed at people considering a high end compact. If you can afford a little more and portability is a high priority then this would be a great choice. It costs as much as a starter DSLR, can deliver good pictures but is not as cumbersome. Some of the functions and usability of the camera when using more manual settings was not as easy as expected but manageable.Overall, this is a great camera but for a price.
camera|Just an amateur enthusiast here, but to my untrained eye, this Sony is almost perfect. I own many cameras, including the Leica X1, Nikon D5000, Canon S90, S95, and S100. My wife and I have 2 kids now, and most always took one of the Canons with us since they're so small and take great pictures as well. But after comparing the Canons with the RX100, the advantages of the Sony is that it focuses much faster (when on the Auto setting), and takes much better lower light photos. If you're looking for an all-around camera to chase the kids around, that's portable, and takes awesome photos, you can't go wrong here. The only "downside" is that it costs about 30%-40% more than other compact digicams.
camera|Beats carrying around a great big digital camera. Nice small camera. Takes great pictures and super videos in HD. It even knows what the shooting situation is, IE night shot. Rather pricey, but worth it. Picture quality printouts is outstanding. I have a Nikon D50, but it's so big.
camera|Bought it for California, and I was skeptical. Best compact ever! Took some amazing pictures and great video! I'm very happy I bit the bullet. Now I have so many beautiful memories!
camera|This is being touted as one of the best ever pocket cameras, with a big sensor and high megapixel count. It has more features than I could use in a lifetime and will probably do anything most people would ever need or want to do.However, it has no optical viewfinder, just the digital screen, and I cannot see it well enough to compose photos outdoors. I knew there was no OVF, but a respected reviewer for a major newspaper swore that it was easy to see in bright sun. Maybe for him; not for me.After using the camera at an outdoor music festival over one weekend, I packed it up and sent it back.The technical aspects of this item have been well-covered by other reviewers, so I'll just mention a few things I liked and didn't like.GOOD:I really liked the USB cable that plugs into a PC or an electrical plug - this seems to be standard with electronics now (my iPad and cell phone both have this feature). Some people have objected to having to charge the battery in the camera, but I did not find this to be a problem.I also liked the ability to directly transfer photos to the PC. I have three card readers, none of which work 100%.This is truly a pocket camera, very small, but very solid and heavier than you would expect from its size.There are many other features that I would have used and no doubt liked if I had kept it.Pictures were good, but not better than the DSLR I've been using. Due to my inability to compose, the subject was cut off on the side of some shots and virtually all shots were off level.BAD:No optical viewfinder.Shutter is VERY sensitive. Pushing half-way down to focus was difficult, since "half-way" seemed to me about 1/16 of an inch. The shutter went off as soon as I touched it a number of times.The camera has two "hooks" on either side for a wrist strap, which can also be connected to a neck strap. They are tiny, and I could not attach the strap, and of course, the instructions don't cover this since Sony probably assumes it's "obvious." This is not minor, since this camera begs to be dropped, and its shape, like a small, smooth brick, provides nothing to help with the grip.The flash location is terrible - on the top left where I put my finger to try to hold the camera. You have to learn to move that finger to the back, which means touching the view screen.You can't delete the pictures from the SD card from within the PC (there's a "delete all" option in the camera's seemingly endless menu). Not a big deal, but an extra step.The mode dial, on the top right, seemed to turn too easily. A couple of times it got turned in the process of taking the camera out of my pocket.Transferred photos were saved as read only files; I had to go into Properties to change this before I could save pictures modified in PhotoShop.Bottom line: Test this camera in a store before buying.UPDATES 9/24/12I wanted to mention one more thing that I really liked about this camera - it produces very large .JPG files, around 5 Mb. This allows one to do extreme cropping and still have a great quality photo. I took a horizontal photo of a man on stage, showing the full, mostly empty stage. I cropped it to a vertical image of just the man; still looks great. This is about 1/4 of the total original image, reduced to 1000 pixels high: [...].Clarification: There is no neck strap; there are two adapters that connect to an optional neck strap and also serve as a wrist strap. Could not attach these adapters.What I bought instead: Nikon Coolpix P7100. Has lots of the same features, costs less, and the view monitor was easier to see outdoors. I'll review it under that product after using it a while.
camera|I have a bunch of cameras, including a Nikon D4, a D3s, several Leicas, and other high quality equipment. I have been involved in photography for almost 50 years.I was reluctant to spend over $600 on a pocket camera, considering the thousands of dollars of equipment I own, including a $70 Lumix that fits in a shirt pocket and takes excellent pictures.Since buying the RX-100, I rarely pick up another camera, and take the RX wherever I go. Other than being a little complex, there is little to find fault with this amazing camera. If you can afford it, buy this camera. You will not be disappointed. I wonder what the Sony DSC-RX1/B does for almost $3,000 that improves upon this little gem.I am delighted with this purchase, and don't regret purchasing it one bit.
camera|I own the Sony WX10 and the Canon G9. I also own the Canon5D and the Canon T2i. I got this RX100 last week and prefer this one over all of those! It is fast, easy to handle and easy to change settings. It is also small enough to carry in my purse! I just purchased the Case Logic Video case for it and now it is protected in my purse. The images are amazing! I like the continuous shooting. I will try to post a photo from yesterday's of my daughter being funny off the diving board.. I used full auto in continuous mode. Got lots of fun photos. Also the water droplets! Not much is lost in continuous mode.
camera|This camera is amazing, I wear it sling style with the matching sony leatherette case and keep it on me all the time, the .jpg files from this camera take editing so well in lightroom/photoshop. the AF is amazingly quick, there are so many other features that continue to amaze me with this thing. the battery life is great, the flash is decent, and 20mp gives you lots of detail. I would definitely recommend this to anyone. Only cons I can think of are that you should buy a chinese external battery charger off amazon/ebay, I have no problem with gripping the camera since I use the leatherette case and keep it in there, and people say they wish the control ring clicked like a canon s95/s100 but it honestly makes little to no difference unless you are dumb and cant control how much you turn it.bottom line this camera is awesome.
camera|Been trying to find a decent camera for low light pictures and is compact. Tried the Canon S100, Olympus XZ-1, Olympus E-PL2. The E-PL2 has a bigger sensor and interchangeable lens but is bulkier than what I was looking for. The Sony is actually smaller than the XZ-1 and seems to pack a lot of power in a small package. Got good review from dpreview.com. The handling felt good, responsive, fast. Still some blurry shots but overall seemed to perform better than the others I tried.
camera|I bought this camera after leaving my usual Nikon DSLR with zoom lens and Bogen monopod at the hotel throughout a vacation to Acadia National Park. After that, I realized it was worth exploring what's available in a quality lightweight compact camera, as I also threw away 80% of the photos taken with my cell phone on that trip.I have only fooled with the RX100 a little bit yet, so these are initial impressions. First, it's small, a size that reminds me of a deck of cards or a pack of cigarettes, so yes, it does fit in a shirt pocket (if a little heavy and expensive to actually carry there). It weighs a good deal less than either the bare body or the lens of my DSLR.That small size does have a downside compared to a conventional DSLR - ergonomics. You've got both hands hanging onto a slick metal body smaller than either hand. It has very small fonts and icons, even the icons printed on the case are just a few mm high and hard to really see as they are small and not illuminated. The physical controls are relatively few, and tend to have many functions. The main control you use is a wheel that's also a 4-way rocker switch (both vertical and horizontal) and is less than 1/2 inch in diameter - it's so small that I make a lot of errors manipulating it, getting one motion when I intended another. Of course the ergonomics issues are an inherent compromise with the small form factor, especially because they tried to retain a lot of controls and options. There are a lot of menus to step through.I've taken a dozen or so shots, and have played with the high dynamic range options in difficult lighting. The mode that really works well takes 3 images in 1/3 second and combines them to achieve a well controlled result in both highs and lows. Picture quality has been very good - sharp, with pretty nice colors, and low noise.I am hoping that the ergonomic issues will be mitigated with memorizing the controls and menus as I become more familiar with this camera. I do like the carry-everywhere size and picture quality. Will update this review when I have more experience with this little guy.
camera|I'm reading complaints about the lack of documentation. You can press the ? on any given moment. If you need the full details, there's hope. There is an excellent manual online for the RX100. You'll find it by searching in Google for DSC-RX100 User Guide site:hk Do not forget to include the site:hk , otherwise it's hard to find.
camera|My comments are from someone who owns 2 SONY SLT cameras, an A55 and 65, along with an assortment of lenses and accessories. I really dislike small sensor P&S cameras because of their IMO horrible IQ above base iso and slow focusing speed, especially in low light. My rating is based on comparisons to other P&S cameras of this size, not to the much larger cameras I'm used to.I have not used any of the various tricks the camera can do except sweep panorama which works very well.Some people say their camera came without a manual. Maybe earlier samples didn't but mine did. Since I am used to the Sony menu system I did not need to read it. After a quick look through it seems adequate to get you started.There have been complaints about the ring around the lens lacking click points. That doesn't bother me in the least. I actually prefer it that way because if you are using it for precise manual focus the the click points make that more difficult.In my opinion the jpgs from this camera are much better than any P&S even at base iso and the difference becomes more pronounced as iso goes up. The photos are good to iso 1600 but by iso3200 things get a bit iffy depending on conditions. If you are using iso3200 in decent light to keep the shutter speed up the results are pretty good but if you are using it indoors in poor light the results are not as good but acceptable for maybe an 8x10 print.Auto Focus speed and accuracy. Generally P&S cameras focus poorly in anything but daylight. I am happy to report that the RX100 focuses like a DSLR indoors in poor light. Another thing nobody seems to mention is the flash can be bounced off the ceiling to eliminate the harsh direct lighting you get from direct flash.Auto iso is fully programmable for low and high. Default maximum is iso3200 which I changed to 1600. Maximum is allowable 6400. All or most of the buttons are programmable for different functions and you can memorize up to, I believe, 5 different combinations depending on need.This camera is clearly aimed at someone who wants as close to DSLR functionality and IQ as possible in as small a package as possible. Lets be clear. It is not a camera that can replace a DSLR unless small size is more important but is comes close. If you are someone like myself who is unwilling to make the sacrifices in IQ and focus speed that small cameras have previously required but really like the idea of a small carry everywhere pocketable camera then this is the only game in town. No other camera of this size is even in the same ball park.If you are looking for a do everything camera with a lens that goes from 1:1 macro to super zoom this is not the camera for you. Be aware that such cameras make significant sacrifices in IQ. If you want the best IQ that is currently possible in a small size this is it.I bought this camera as a companion to my A55 and A65. I have been carrying my A55 with 18-200 and A65 with Tamron 70-300 USD which is a bit cumbersome. The RX100 replaces the A55 and it's small size makes carrying 2 cameras far easier and more convenient. It allows me to always have a camera with me who's IQ satisfies me which no small sensor P&S or Smart phone can do. I have never seen a P&S previously with IQ good enough and cell phones are even worse. Thank you Sony for producing the RX100. At $650 it is worth every penny.
camera|My small and medium sized digicam ownership has run the gamut from Canon G3 through G11, ELPH S500 to SD980, and most recently a Fujifilm X100. I believe that the RX100 surpasses all of them easily in combining very high image quality with pocketability and ease of use.I have been thrilled with image after image that would have been lost to low light or poor focus in another camera. I have also been thrilled with the ability to bounce the built in flash in an improvised fashion by tilting the flash head. The focus is very consistent in its accuracy and the face detection feature can help win the day and is particularly useful in self timer portraits where the countdown does not begin until you enter the picture. This camera is very fast in startup and operation and that is what caught my attention when I first tried it in the airport duty free store. The only real limitation I find is that of the non-constant maximum aperture. As you zoom it declines from F/1.8 to F/5.6 creating some restrictions on distant low light or action shots (somewhat alleviated by higher ISOs such as 6400). Flare seems very well controlled and beach shots in sun blasted Cancun at midday look fine. The supplied battery does yeoman duty as I have not yet had to recharge during a day's worth of shooting and hundreds of shots. For enthusiast photographers there is plenty of control to allow innovation and once learned menus are easily accessed through multiple means. Image quality is good enough that this can serve as a DSLR backup or as a primary camera for a motivated and budget strapped photog. I now take this everywhere after the sale of my X100 which was simply too big and slow for my routine photography but made beautiful images.
camera|This camera has an amazing sensor: the resolution and dynamic range are absolutely incredible for a camera of this size. Sony also managed to make a very convincing lens: the zoom range is very useful, the lens is also fast at the wide end. The lens is slow at the telephoto end but this allows to keep the size of the camera truly pocket-able - a very important feature. The lens maybe a tad soft in the corners at some settings, but it is not something that is very obvious, and the subjective quality of the photos is very good. Optical stabilization is good for photo and ok for video.The camera is capable of shooting 1080p video at 60fps. Full manual controls and various color/contrast settings are available in video mode. The video quality is great in terms of color and noise. The resolution is a bit low though. There is noticeable moire on regular structures and thin lines, but no color moire.My strongest complaint about this camera (perhaps, the only complaint) is the user interface. It may be logical for someone, but I find it very unintuitive and slow, it takes a lot of time for me to access important functions.I would say that this is a camera which is capable of delivering absolutely fantastic results in terms of image quality (not in the same league with the best DSLRs but way better than any other compact camera). The camera has a reliable auto mode. All the manual controls are available, but it may be a slow and frustrating process to use them. If you rely on auto mode when shooting, then the camera will feel great, but if you would like to have comfortable manual controls I would look elsewhere.
camera|I have a Nikon D300 and D7000. I needed a smaller point and shoot to take with me on a trip where I was concerned about theft of the larger camera. I am generally frustrated by point and shoots because of the shutter delay. This camera had virtually no shutter delay. It was quite responsive. It is flexible and the photos are quite sharp for what it is. Very versatile and solid. My only complaint is the battery seemed to run down quickly.
camera|I bought this pocket camera because it has a fast 1.8 lens designed by Carl Zeiss and a 1-inch CMOS sensor, making it the largest sensor in this camera class. With 20 megapixels you have a lot of detail so it's possible to do a lot of cropping.After six months use I have some user experience stories to tell.1. It has lived up to its reputation. The images are sharp and the colors accurate. It works great in low light. At times it outperforms my more expensive SLR. Now that's frustrating in a way.2. There are many amazing features. The panorama image is stitched on the fly and works great. The rapid-fire setting rattles off multiple shots at blazing speed. It's faster than my more expensive SLR.It has many options for AWB, such as multiple settings for flourescent. There are so many options you won't use all of them.3. The setting adjustment wheel around the lens offers flexibility in selecting the different modes and features.4. The pop-up flash works great for being so small.5. It has manual focus.6. Long battery life.What don't I like? I must admit I'd like to see the adjustment wheel on the lens have indents from one setting to the next and produce an audible click sound. As it is now, you don't know how far to turn the dial to adjust a setting.I haven't checked recently but there was no Adobe RAW adjustment software when the camera came out. (Still doesn't).I wish it had an optical viewfinder because sometimes the light is so bright it makes the rear screen hard to see.I don't see this is a complaint, but there are many settings so you need to really study the camera to learn them all.
camera|I actually bought it for my wife but now its our travel camera. Great right out of the box. Nice and compact
camera|We got this for an early Christmas present for the family, and are absolutely amazed and impressed with the photo quality. I was leery of replacing our 3 year old camera that still works, but my 3 year old is constantly in motion, causing a lot of blurry pictures. This one is perfect in low light and with toddler motion. A great find and a major move up in quality.
camera|Like many serious amateur photographers, I've been looking for a high quality camera I can put in my pocket when I don't want to carry my DSLR. The RX100 is probably as good as it gets right now. Image quality up to ISO 800 is superb and the dynamic range is very good. The RAW images aren't quite as sharp as my Canon 5D MKII, but you have to view them side by side at 100% to tell the difference. The camera has only two downsides. First, the price is quite a bit higher than comparable cameras from Canon and others. The RX-100 is a better camera, but this is definitely a case where you pay a lot for the last few percent of performance. Secondly, as others have pointed out the LCD is mostly useless in sunlight to the point it can barely be used for composition. I find myself just pointing in the general direction and sorting out everything else in post processing. It's no worse than the LCD on any other point and shoot camera, but anyone used to the viewfinder on a DSLR will be frustrated. Battery life is very good, but buy a spare. Overall, I'm happy with the purchase.
camera|I bought this to replace my broken Canon S90. Its very well constructed. I did get a third party grip to improve ergonomics. It focus very fast and take good photos both outdoors (easy) and indoors (hard). I wish it had a better manual that came with it. The ? funciton is pretty useless. Now I just need lightroom to recognize the RX100 raw files. Overall great little P&S camera.
camera|What a great camera it's fast, excellent image quality and iso performance. It also fits in your pocket, this is spectacular. It will be using this for a long time, so happy.
camera|I love everything about this camera. It's small. It's quiet. Huge sensor. Fast lens. And all the software enhancements that make your old DSLR feel like an antique.Take the facial recognition: previously you had to focus on the eyes, recompose and shoot. But if you were shooting at a large aperture there was a good chance recomposing would render the eyes OOF. Now you can shoot at f/1.8 and you don't have to worry that the shot will be in-focus because the camera automatically detects and focuses correctly.Panoramas used to be a royal pain with DSLRs--you'd take a bunch of pictures then load up stitching software to put it all together. That's all done automagically.HDR support? Built-in. You can even choose how many stops of HDR you'd like.Low-light? You can shoot in the dark with this thing.Macro? You can hold the camera an inch away from whatever you're shooting.Basically it does everything you could ever want a camera to do but it fits in your pocket. This is the perfect point-and-shoot for the pro that doesn't want to lug around gear.
camera|I owned many cameras in the past. I currently use a canon T2i & a 5D MK III. My brother has the Canon S100 so i've played with it a few times.This sony has many limitations compared to other camera's in the same class, but what separates it from them is its image quality at the wide end.Zooming in at 100%, raws come out noticeably batter than jpegs.I did a crazy comparison where i shot my eye with the sony using flash at the wide end stopping down at f5 and setting the iso at 80 and compared the shot with another one taken with my 5D MK III using the canon 24-70 @ 70mm, iso 50, f8 and a 430ex (i had three trials until i nailed the focus right since it's so hard to hold the whole setup and shoot myself). Comparing the results, i couldn't really tell the difference between both in terms of sharpness and image quality! The sony actually had an advantage of have more of the eye in focus (thanks to the smaller sensor!).One limitation to this camera is that you can't do macro on any focal length other than the widest end!Oh and one other thing, setting up a custom white balance on this sony is three times faster than my 5D MK III.Dynamic range is also very decent from a pocket camera (both highlights and shadows).**UPDATE: I've noticed that pictures look horrible when i bump up the iso over 1600 all the way to 6400. BUT! when i upload them to my computer and view them in LR4 the quality improves dramatically!! I can't explain why so far. I've posted a photo comparison between the RX-100 vs Canon T2i vs Canon 5D MK III. So check it out see for your self the superb iso performance of this point n shoot!!On the other hand, i've taken several macro photos using flash (iso 100) and they seems much sharper on the camera LCD vs my pc monitor through LR4. Again, i can't explain why!
camera|I'm a point-and-shoot kind of photographer. My wife is a bit more skilled, but we haven't owned anything better than a $150 Olympus up to this point. I read some reviews of this when I needed to get her a birthday present. With a pending trip to Italy, this was the time to spend $650 on a pocket camera.Back from Italy, I can say I'm glad we got this camera. It's easy to use (short learning curve), packed with features, and it just takes wonderful shots. I had the Olympus along too, and the same shots taken with these 2 cameras show dramatic differences. We took a shot of a deer from about 50 yards away. On my PC I zoomed and cropped with Picasa (free editing tool from Google) and you could still see crisp details.Any way you slice it, $650 is a boatload to spend on a camera if are not making a living with it. But if it's in your budget, you will love getting SLR - gigantic lens performance out of a camera that fits in your shirt pocket.
camera|My regular camera is a canon 5d2 and we bought the rx100 as a second camera. This is a groundbreaking point and shoot. The stills quality and ability to pull a shallow DOF are very similar to micro 4/3 but in a much smaller package. Sharpness is excellent and the speed of AF is incredibly fast. Shutter lag is minimal and the camera feels like an SLR in terms of speed. High ISO performance is very good with excellent quality up to 800 ISO. Video quality is also excellent with reliable continuous AF and silent zooming. Only real cons are the lack of a separate battery charger and I really wish the camera had built in WIFI. Highly recommended.
camera|Many serious photographers have wanted a small, pocket size camera to take photos with serious quality. It is now here. Excellent fast lens. Same size as my favorite Canon s95. Sensor is much bigger and it is noticeable on photos. Features such as sweep panorama and color modes are easy to use. Control ring around the lens and wheel on back are a nice features to customize setting rapidly. I recommend this as best pocket camera.
camera|I really like this camera. WAY better than the pocket camera it replaced--a Canon S90 (which was in it's time the best pocket camera too). I have a camera system w/ several nice lenses and the RX100 gets about 85% of the use--the big boy is for sports photography and major events for me.What I like: I can shoot up to iso 1600 and not worry at all. It can go higher--3200 is OK for me in a pinch. I like all the multi frame stuff: In camera HANDHELD HDR, twilight mode, multiframe noise reduction. Sweep panorama is very cool. The flash can be bounced by using a finger. The autofocus is fast enough for my 7 yo and his spaz friends. One can use the illustration and watercolor effects AFTER the fact and the original picture file isn't messed with--great fun and post processing time goes bye-bye. Memory settings make life easier. It has a high speed mode 10FPS that I get great shots like of my son learning to do a flip off of a diving board.Main likes: This camera fits in a SHIRT POCKET! The output is outstanding!Quibbles: For a pricey camera it should come w/ a disk with photo software on it. Needs faster than 1/2000th shutter to utilize the 1.8 aperture in strong light. Wish the wide end was 24mm not 28mm. In camera electronic ND filter. Overall, this makes it a 9/10 for me. Very happy.
camera|When I first saw the price of the RX100 I couldn't understand how it could be so much better than its nearest pocketable competitor to warrant such a high price tag. I had that competitor but was unhappy with the RAW images so decided to give the RX100 a try. Well, now I understand why I'm willing to spend the extra money. Higher resolution, cleaner RAW shots, faster writing to the SD card, an almost nonexistent lag time that will match many full size DSLR's and it's about 6 pounds lighter my DSLR.I like to ride bicycles; a DSLR doesn't ride well on bumpy roads. Put the RX100 in a fanny pack and off I go. I like to hike; having a 6-7 pound camera bouncing off my chest going back to the trailhead is not my idea of fun. Put the RX100 in a small case attached to my backpack and off I go.The RX100 won't replace the DSLR for the most serious of photographers but it certainly has its' place for the enthusiastic amateur.
camera|At home we have two Cannon DSLRs, a Sony NEX, and now this little marvel of a camera, the Sony DSC-RX100. We're really impressed with it.Yes, you can carry it in a pocket, jacket, or purse. Yes, it takes great photos. Yes, the 'intelligent' and 'superior' auto modes will get you good to great results out of the box. Yes, you can get even better results if you know what you're doing -- just like with a DSLR.Highly recommended for professional and enthusiast photographers who want a second, carry-everywhere camera, and for anyone else who wants the world's best pocket-sized camera.PS. At high ISOs, the 20 million pixels can be a bit too much for the size of the sensor. I have found that reducing the size of the images to 12 to 16 million pixels in post-processing is a good way to handle this issue.
camera|With the RX-100, Sony has raised the bar for compact cameras. This small camera provides most of the flexibility of a much larger, heavier, and more expensive digital SLR (dSLR) or digital Semi-Transparent Lens (dSLT) camera, or even of a somewhat larger, heavier, and more expensive Mirror-less Interchangeable Lens Camera (MILC) such as Sony's NEX line of cameras. The RX-100 allows the photographer to control the shutter speed, aperture, ISO, auto-focus area, etc., and creates RAW format images, in addition to the less useful JPEG images. Also, the RX-100 menu system is reasonably intuitive, and easier to manage than the menu system of Sony's NEX line of cameras, about which you can read numerous complaints. The RX-100's 1" sensor is roughly 3 times larger than the 1/2.3" sensor of the typical compact camera, and consequently provides much better image quality than any other compact camera, with the obvious exception of the Sony RX1 compact camera that has a full-frame sensor, and that is roughly 4 times more expensive. The RX-100 boasts a high-quality Zeiss 28-100mm lens, which at 28mm has a maximum aperture of f/1.8 that is very impressive for a compact camera. The RX-100 is a valuable addition to a serious photographer's toolkit, and is as well a viable entry point for the amateur photographer to learn and practice the basic principles of serious photography.However, you get what you pay for, and although the RX-100 sensor is superior to the sensor of any compact camera of similar size and somewhat similar price, its sensor is no match for the sensor of a full-frame compact camera, a full-frame digital SLR, a half-frame digital SLR, or a half-frame MILC camera. For example, the dxomark website provides the following ratings of the sensors for various Sony (and other) cameras, based on measurements of the Color Depth, Dynamic Range, and Low-Light ISO characteristics of those sensors: RX1 full-frame compact (93), A99 full-frame dSLT (89), A77 half-frame dSLT (78), A57 half-frame dSLT (75), NEX-7 MILC (81), and RX-100 compact (66). Viewed from the perspective of these DxO ratings, the RX-100 sensor is in a class with Sony's first dSLR camera, the A100 that DxO gives a rating of 61. So, on one hand, the RX-100 provides equivalent image quality to the A100 dSLR, but on the other hand, the RX-100 image quality falls far short of the quality of the A99 dSLT or RX1 compact.But even considering the superior image quality of a dSLT camera such as the A99, this large, heavy camera is of no use to you unless you are able to take it with you. And taking a large, heavy camera everywhere you go is impractical. So, finally, this issue shows the strength of the RX-100. It is small, light, and unobtrusive, so you can take it with you frequently, and you will have it available to take high-quality photographs, even if those photographs are not of the highest possible quality that you might obtain with a larger, heavier, and more expensive camera.If you insist on the highest-possible image quality in a compact camera, and you are willing to pay for that quality, consider the RX1 instead of the RX100. The dimensions of the RX1, in terms of height, width and depth, are 113mm by 65mm by 70mm, whereas for the RX-100 those dimensions are 102mm by 59mm by 36mm. The weight of the RX1 is 482 grams, whereas the weight of the RX-100 is 240 grams. So, the RX1 has twice the depth and weight of the RX-100, a fact that makes the RX-100 a less obtrusive compact camera. The RX1 has a 35mm f/2 lens, whereas the RX-100 has a 28-100mm f/1.8 zoom lens, but the aperture of the RX-100 lens is f/1.8 only at 28mm, and decreases steadily to f/4.9 as the focal length increases from 28mm to 90mm: f/1.8 at 28mm, f/2.8 at 35mm, f/3.2 at 50mm, f/4 at 70mm, and f/4.9 at 90mm. The RX1 costs $2,800, whereas the RX-100 costs $650.Sony provides a downloadable, 68-page English/Spanish "Digital Still Camera / Instruction Manual" in PDF format for the RX-100 that doesn't give enough detail to be fully useful However, if you perform a Google search, you will find a 227-page or a 261-page much more comprehensive "Cyber-shot User Guide / Sony RX-100 User Guide" in PDF format, that is similarly downloadable from a Sony web page, although Sony doesn't provide any apparent clue that this more comprehensive manual exists. And, if you need even better instructions on the use of the RX-100, you can perform a Google search for Friedman Archives and buy the 425-page "The Complete Guide to Sony's CyberShot RX-100", which, at a price of $21.45 in PDF format, would still be cheap at twice the price.One caveat that you can find on page 203 of the 227-page version of the comprehensive "Cyber-shot User Guide / Sony RX-100 User Guide", or on page 235 of the 261-page version of that guide, is the fact that connecting the RX-100 to a computer via the USB cable can be idiosyncratic. In particular, you may need to connect the USB cable directly to the computer, instead of to a USB hub. Also, you may need to disconnect from the computer any USB devices other than the RX-100, the computer keyboard and the computer mouse. Additionally, you may need to configure the RX-100 "USB Connection" to "Mass Storage" using the RX-100 menu system. This idiosyncratic behavior is the first such behavior that I have noticed in any Nikon, Minolta or Sony digital camera that I have owned, and I have owned more than a few.In conclusion, the RX-100 sets a new benchmark for compact cameras, and is well worth its price.
camera|I did a TON of research before purchasing this camera: I've owned a Canon G9 for years and wanted something more pocketable and with more pixels. I did a lot of my research here and on dpreview.com, and what I kept reading was that for its size, this camera could do what nothing else currently on the market can, and that even if you don't love the photos you get right out of the gate (which most do), you can make so many little adjustments that it can be made to do exactly what you want it to.I have found this to be on the mark: it's a tiny camera that I don't even notice I'm carrying (btw, for cases I highly recommend the Lowepro Sorrento 20 as a dressier, leather case, and the Tenba Mixx Large pouch as a knock-around, carry-everywhere case), and while the shots I get on the most automated settings are often beautiful, if I'm in a very low-light situation, I've programmed the camera to account for that, and the photos I can get without flash are unbelievable. I'm a definite amateur, but I can't even begin to express how much I'm enjoying getting to know this little genius machine: honestly, I feel like I've got a camera I can grow into for years to come in a tiny package.One last bit of advice: Richard Franiec makes a metal alloy grip for this camera that is inexpensive, beautifully-made, and makes the camera much easier to handle. Google him and you'll easily find his site. Also, if you want a better, more informative manual than what you'll find online via Sony, purchase Alexander White's "Photographer's Guide to the Sony DSC-RX100:" it's only $9.99 on Kindle, and it's clear and extremely informative.
camera|I shoot with a &#34;giant&#34; DSLR that I carry to most occasions where I need super high quality pictures, but I also carry the point and shoot when the bulk of the big camera is impractical. I have owned many of the Canon G series, and more recently S95/S100s and I think this camera is higher quality.There are a few cons:the flash is fragile/awkward and casts a bluish tint.Menus are confusing, canon menus are simpler/easier to use.Overall still great and worth the upgrade.
camera|This small &#34;soap-like&#34; size camera delivers profesional photo quality. His size makes it great for urban photo is a great companion whenever your DSRL does not fit in your bag.
camera|It's not hard for me to say this is the best compact camera in the market. I was looking for the best possible camera that fits in my pocket and after reading other reviews I finally bought the Sony RX100 and it is amazing.The quality of the pictures is just incredible and all the features in the camera let you play with your pictures like a pro. I really recommend this camera for everyone looking for the best possible compact camera out there.It is a bit expensive but you won't even remember about the price after you start seeing the pictures you took.
camera|Can say only........ all the best. Working and performing without any problems. Like very much move mode and rough mode.
camera|This review is from: Sony DSC-RX100 20.2 MP Exmor CMOS Sensor Digital Camera with 3.6x Zoom (Electronics)I am NOT a professional photographer but I know enough to tell you that this purchase is worthy of your hard-earned cash. It has been a LOT of fun to own so far. I believe the exciting experience of learning the capabilities of this camera will continue to delight me for a long time; and THEN, once I know every nook and cranny of the feature list, it will become a workhorse for expressing myself creatively in photos.What a blast to experiment with this camera. Remember, its number one feature is its size. You take it everywhere and suddenly you have the opportunity to create photos anywhere. Photos taken with the camera in auto mode, regardless of light condition, almost always work out. I have already taken some of my favorite snaps ever with this camera. I am excited to own it. I turned off the flash and plan to use the flash only in manual mode. With the large sensor that is just fine. I love panorama mode. I love automatic drive mode. I love the HDMI interface. I love that I can charge the camera in my car. The first time I reviewed my photos on my TV monitor, my friends and I had a laughing fit. I know this camera will go everywhere with me from this point on. What a capable device. It you love techno gadgets that impress and challenge and offer real power of visual expression, hold your nose on price and buy it. The person who wrote the negative review based on the manual does not get it. It's about the camera, which anyone who has a slight facility with gadgetry and knows how to use the google machine can easily understand and employ. Have fun.
camera|This is a fine little camera, with great resolution, fine images, and excellent low light capabilities. I selected it after careful research to supplement my large camera as a pocketable camera to always have with me. The menu driven operation is not too complex and I really enjoyed shooting this little camera. But for me, it had a fatal flaw--it had the most confounded way of turning itself on and off after I had definitely turned it off. Several times, after leaving a fully charged camera on the table at home and "OFF." I returned at the end of the day to find it "on"--lens extended with a depleted battery! And don't dare put this camera in your pocket for a an afternoon's walk, for any kind of pressure seems to turn it accidentally on. This morning, I had enough of this, and so am returning it to Amazon tomorrow. Research on another site showed me that my problem with this camera was not unique. Haven't decided what to replace it with, since it was supposed to be at the top of the small zooms.
camera|People far more intelligent and well versed than me have exhaustively covered the details of this fantastic device. I purchased this camera to provide me with the best possible quality photos with the convenience of being stored during the day in my pocket during a two week trip to Shanghai, China. I did well to entrust this job to the RX-100. Great detailed photos with superb low light results. Video quality results were excellent as well. I got many shots that hauling my Nikon D300 along would have missed due to its large size. Yes, at $650 it's expensive. You get what you pay for. Reading the super nit picker reviewer comments on this camera were very funny to read after using the camera. Clearly, they struggled mightily to find negatives and made fools out of themselves with the whining. If you can pay the bill and value quality, buy this camera and forget about buyer's remorse.
camera|This camera generates a visceral, Apple like response. I truly believe this accounts for at least 50% of its popularity among reviewers. This is a camera you WANT to love! Is it technically the best camera of its type on the market? I just tested it against the new Panasonic LX7. Certainly the RX100 has more pixels though the LX7 seems to have the better lens (and certainly brighter across the full zoom range) and 24mm is useful to me, JPEG color is also 'better', there are more video options and according some reviewers, slightly better video quality in the LX7, but....The Sony is an object of beauty and by comparison the Panasonic is a stylistic mess, right down to its removable lens cap and though both cameras have metal bodies, the LX7's feels like plastic. I'm sure Leica's version, at around what the RX100 sells for, will clean up the design, but I'm not waiting!PS: I'm sure I am not alone in this being, for me, an 'in between' camera, sandwiched between, in my case, an iPhone 4S and a Leica M9. I now have three objects of great beauty and functionality, each doing the job for which it was purchased!PPS: the camera comes with the most rudimentary, crappy, monochrome 34 page instruction manual, much of which comprises the typical boilerplate. There is no other documentation available. Period. For such a sophisticated, very premium priced and sexily packaged product this is disgraceful, even though I'm sure plenty of users will leave it permanently on auto-mode and enthusiasts will read all the reviews and figure everything out on their own. No excuse not to have a comprehensive, well designed and written manual available at least in PDF format. By comparison, the LX7 has a 225 page, fully comprehensive and nicely color illustrated PDF with hyperlinks. Shame on you, Sony.
camera|Opted for the RX100 over the Panasonic LX7 because the image quality was disappointing to me, and wanted very high resolution anyway. The zoom is about the same, but the Panasonic has better f-stop. Still, 1.8 is better than your average camera, many of which are (commonly) 2.8 or 3.5.Image quality. Yes, an NEX has less noise at higher ISO because of its sensor 10mm larger (13mm on RX100 versus 23mm on NEX; APS-C). The sensor on the RX100 is 1", compared to the Panasonic at 1/1.7; 7-8mm. That said, the RX100's sensor is twice the size of the LX7 with twice the resolution (20MP versus 10MP). For example, the Sony CyberShot DSC-HX30V has the small 1/2.3" sensor (a few mm), but amazingly, at 18MP, the pictures at a higher ISO look hardly worse than at base ISO. Colors (indoors) are about the same on the HX30V, RX100, and NEX (I have all of these, the NEX-5N is the one I tested with the other two in my kitchen). Details are smudged a little on the HX30V, but that is due to the aggressive noise reduction. Amazingly, the highest ISO of 12800 on the HX30V is very good if you remain still enough. I got a very clean photo of my kitchen at night with extremely dim light from nearby yardlights. This seemed comparable to ISO 6400 on the RX100, but highlight clipping and noise were more of a problem. I am thinking that the noise reduction algorithm on the HX30V is superior to the other cameras mentioned. *** Yes, disregard what I said about the sensor. The sensor specs can confuse you. I will get to this matter in a short bit. ***Movie quality. They are all very clean in good and low light. The sound quality suffers equally; 48KHz sounds lossy (mathematical phenomenon, perhaps), where a camera such as Canon T3i (again, I have that one) records at 44.1KHz (CD-quality), the quality you would expect from a music CD.Hardware. The NEX doesn't focus as well or as quickly as the RX100, but the HX30V is the fastest, putting the RX100 in the middle. I haven't done very thorough testing yet, but what I am referring to is taking pictures out a car window (down) going about 35-40 mph. An NEX won't give you a clear shot, due to its slow lens with severe motion blur. The RX100 does a little better; closer objects with stronger motion blur than distant ones (zooming in, the results may be worse). The HX30V is so fast that most of the time, the images are clear, although the grass on the side of the road has some motion blurring. I am wondering if the smaller sensor on the HX30V makes a difference. In any case, an NEX series camera gives the best image quality, but the lenses (and no in-body stabilization) makes them good for still shooting. In addition, some focus hunting (contrast detection versus the much faster and more costly phase detection autofocus) occurs to an extent on any of these cameras. Whatever the reason, using progressive AVCHD seems to improve the quality, but that is most likely because the other formats are interlaced. What makes this partially NEX hardware, or a bit closer 'in the middle' is that the sensor is larger. I happened to question someone at work about the sensor at work, and what I was told is that the sensor size is the end result of a mathematical formula, not the actual size of the sensor. Therefore, using basic geometry to measure with a ruler isn't going to result in one inch. Do some research to find out if interested. Performance isn't quite up to the HX30V, but better than the NEX series. As said, this camera falls in the middle, so it is a better value than the NEX for roughly the same price range, but the NEX has the larger sensor for cleaner high-ISO images. Movies are the same, except for the following under software...Software. First, the user interface is that of the CyberShot (the RX100 is CyberShot, which makes sense). However, its features are very close to that found on the NEX series, hence, some limitations. This mostly applies to the Movie Mode, where the NEX-5N, for instance, can record Art Effects as does for photos, but on the HX30V, those art filters aren't available for Movie Mode, and so you're basic with shooting in color. The HX5V didn't even have B&W and Sepia for photos, so this is a welcome feature that should have been available as on many other cameras, such as Canon and Panasonic. On the RX100, I like the interface in the middle; like the NEX the least, and the HX series the best. The biggest gripe that I have, and it doesn't seem to make sense, is that the RX100 and NEX series don't support 720 (1280 x 720); just the standard VGA (MP4 640 x 480) and HD (MP4 1440 x 1080; AVCHD [MTS] 1920 x 1080)). The NEX series supports 24fps in progressive format for HD, but the RX100 cannot, and so the only progressive format is the 60fps that cannot allow dual recording (taking stills while recording), and the picture quality suffers on the RX100 as does the HX series during movie mode. NEX series cannot take photos during movie mode. I like it that the NEX and RX100 can display MP4, AVCHD, or photos, but not everything in playback mode. This is useful if you want to show someone photos but not movies, or movies without the photos. This is unusual in that I know of no other camera makers that do this, but then Sony did not give the option to disable this so that everything on the card can be displayed in the order they were written. Another minor bugbear with the RX100 and NEX is they do not have internal memory. You have 105 MB of internal storage on the HX30V, far better than the much smaller capacity on the HX9V (last year's model) that can take just three photos. HX30V, for example, cannot record movies of any resolution internally, as you can on Panasonic DMC-FZ35 (I have that one), but can only record at QVGA (320 x 240) for about 75 seconds in ample light.Given the limitations, I would say that this camera is very good, but not excellent. Still, the best compact on the market as of late, but I think that it should be more in the price range of the Panasonic DMC-LX7, but due to the smaller sensor yet brighter lens, still, the value between the two should be very close.In conclusion, I would probably rate the LX7 four stars if I were to own one, but because the Sony RX100 is substantially more expensive, the LX7 would be a better value unless you can find the RX100 used (usually for less) or wait until the next generation (model).Panasonic wins on this one for the price, but the Sony wins for image quality, and that is my view. If you do not mind slightly impressionistic photos but great performance and excellent image stabilization in very low light, the HX30V is the best you can do with a small image sensor for even less than the LX7.The RX100 is in direct competition, as the LX7 comes up often when you search for RX100 online. (I have not yet written my review on the HX30V, and it may be a while before I do so.) Good luck with whatever you choose, and thank you for reading my review.
camera|I am a profesional photographer. I currently own a Canon 20D and a Canon 5D Mk II, with a purchase of the Canon 1DX slated for the next few months. I was looking for a small camera that could produce professional-quality images. The Sony RX100 fits that bill!Pros: Excellent image quality. Owned for about a month now. Took over 200 images at a house party in low light conditions. Had a retention rate of > 50%. Ability to shoot RAW invaluable. The digital zoom is fine, but with 20.2 MP you can crop to your heart's content without losing image quality.Cons: Size (it is really small). Need to learn to shoot with one hand, without having a viewfinder to look through and compose the image.Suggestions: Get a quality case to accompany the camera (remember how much you paid for it). Also get a hand strap for convenient carrying and shooting.Recommended for: Professionals/Prosumers who intend to shoot RAW.
camera|I purchased this after having an HX9V for about a year. I do miss a large zoom but of course the trade off is a must faster lens (at the wide end) a larger sensor and just better pictures over all (though looking at them side by side on a 27 inch Mac you'd still be hard pressed to tell which pics came from which cam)All of that aside, this cam is small, bright, fast, beautiful menus and I LOVE IT!
camera|Over the past few years I've used a number of cameras including Canon S90 & S100, Olympus XZ-1 and Canon T2i (DSLR). I am also an avid user of Micro Four Thirds mirrorless camera system. Sony RX100 is by far the most joy and fun to use camera I've tried. The image quality not only rivals some DSLRs it is in many instances BETTER unless you start adding high quality and very expensive lenses.Pros:- Easily pocketable (both shirt and front jeans pockets).- Superb image quality: very sharp and bright images in any light with pleasing, vibrant color. Skin tones are excellent even under indoor lighting- Very fast AF even in complete darkness- Reliable full Auto mode (iA), great family camera for everyone to use: just point & shoot in any conditions and 99% you'll get perfectly sharp and bright picture- Surprisingly good built-in flash which can be bounced for more natural result (make sure to bump up ISO)- ISO3200 looks very sharp and completely noise-free on 1080p HDTV (normal viewing size)- Fantastic LCD, clearly visible even in bright California sun especially with "Sunny mode" on- 10fps burst mode- Outstanding video quality (60P): smooth and fast AF during video, very effective stabilization, superb clarity even in very low light as seen on HDTV. IMO, Video quality is much better than most dedicated camcorders which typically feature small sensors and small apertures with poor dynamic range and poor low light performance not to mention mediocre color gradations and tonality.- A lot of very useful features many of which I use on a daily basis: Auto HDR, Multi-frame noise reduction (ISO6400 looks fantastic!), fun picture effects, etc.- Solid metal build quality, made in JapanCons (really just nit-picking):- no touchscreen- flash must be activated via menu (no physical switch)- 1/2000s max shutter speed- price, although fully justified, still seems a but high for a pocket camI've been using RX100 for almost a month now and it's become my main camera. Not only it's easy to carry in a pocket and fun to use, the resulting images for most uses (social and travel pics) are actually better than many DSLRs (always sufficient depth of field, precise focus, sufficient shutter speed, reliable stabilization plus versatility of high quality video). I especially recommend this cam for non-enthusiasts who just want P&S and not fiddle with the settings cause RX100 has such reliable full Auto mode coupled with large sensor and aperture virtually guaranteeing clean images in any light without adjusting setting or using flash all the time.
camera|I'm only a few hundred shots into my new RX100, but I can already see that this camera is going to be one of my very favorites of all time. "Amazing" is a very fitting way to describe this little powerhouse. Over and over again, the fine detail the RX100 captures in a wide variety of shooting situations is surprising and delightful, and it gets the job done quickly and efficiently. Colors are rich, and while the RX100's color rendering is more akin to the punchy rendering typical of small lens compacts than the Canon DSLR's I'm used to, it offers sufficient resolution, control, and versatility to produce really high quality images, and I'm looking forward to exploring this camera's unique personality. As someone else said in an article on the RX100, it's not just "good enough," it's "good!" In future generations, I'd like to see a lens that could maintain a shallower depth of field at longer focal lengths, and a hot shoe so I could mount my Phottix transmitter and use off-camera strobes. I could see neat possibilities with impromptu portraiture, still lifes, and such if you could trigger off-camera strobes. But the RX100 will do a top-notch job in most of those situations where you wouldn't be carrying a speedlite and and other gear, and much of the RX100's beauty and power comes from the fact that because it's so light and fits in your pants pocket, it can ALWAYS be with you. I found the controls easy to get used to and convenient enough. No, it's not a Canon 5D with a set of L lenses and speedlites. But it is seriously competent gear, and I think every serious photographer will have a blast and find a use for this pocket wonder.Update. I'm a couple weeks and many dozen shots deeper into exploring this wonderful machine. I'm even more impressed than I was when I wrote the comments above, if that's even possible. The one "weakness" I lament with this camera is that like all small lens cameras, it doesn't offer as much opportunity to shoot with shorter depths of field and blur the background like you can with a DSLR. But what it does best, over and over again, is deliver exceptional detail from edge to edge and corner to corner. It conveys depth exceptionally well, like when you're shooting down a long street or river. It rivals my Canon DSLR's in resolution and with low ISO's, the images are really impressive, even when you enlarge to 200% in photoshop. The intelligent auto is really intelligent! With a single press of the trigger, I've shot night shots that would have required several test shots and adjustments with my DSLR's. The in camera jpg processing is generally excellent and the auto white balance is really good, too. Auto focus is at least as fast as any other compact I've ever used. Truly amazing. Amazing hardware coupled with amazing software. The world of compact cameras will never be the same---the Sony RX100 has set an entirely new standard for what a compact camera can be. I'm really enjoying this camera, but also look forward to future generations of this new technology. As I said in my original review, I'd really like to see a version of this camera with a hotshoe so I could trigger off camera flash.The panorama function works well, but cuts the number of vertical pixels from over 3648 to 1856. That's still a lot of detail, but if you want the option of printing the images later in a really large size, it would be best to shoot a series of individual images and then stitch them together in photoshop the old fashioned way.
camera|Hands down this is the best point and shoot! I had the canon S100 and I thought I liked it but once I switched over the the RX100 I was really happy. The image quality is amazing! Every time I have a friend ask to play with my camera when they had it back they said they really want it. I love the video recording with adjustable exposure. The pictures come up great, especially some of the night time pictures. I do own an SLR, a Canon 7D. It won't replace an SLR but comes very close. I use this camera about 90% of the time. The camera was priced a little high and I was hesitant to buy it but after owning it for over 6 months I would say that it was a very good purchase.One problem I had with the canon point and shoots was that I keep on getting the lens error. I actually had to send the camera into Canon Warranty twice! So far with this camera it is very sturdy. I had no clue Sony cameras can be this good. I am a Canon camera person too! Maybe this camera is the exception. I will need to test out other Sony cameras sometime.
camera|I absolutely love love this camera. Pictures are super crisp with at or near DSLR quality. So many settings and options that I dont know what to do which one to settle on. It has slowed down a bit after a lot of usage so it may be a battery thing. I love the picture setting effects that you shoot. Video capture quality is top notch. DSRL-ish camera in a compact body. Can't ask for a better camera.Negatives- Pricey- Has slowed a bit after much usage, not a biggie but nitpicking.- Can't change picture effects after taking a pitcure, It would be nice if I could have done so but not a biggie and just nicpicking.
camera|I own a Nikon D800 and I must say that the Sony DSC-RX100 is by far the best compact camera out there. If you know how to use it, the resulting images are simply amazing. It Does phenomenally well in low light. I shoot RAW exclusively and do post processing in Adobe Lightroom 4. Even at 6400 ASA the images can be tweaked and look great. All the negative reviews here about this camera must have been written by people who have no clue how to use a high end camera such as this. The quality is outstanding. Using it and understanding the interface takes a little time. But once who do understand and have it set up to your liking it is sweet. Battery life is great. The flash takes about 4 seconds between shots to charge. This is NOT a big deal. It is a point and shoot and not a DSLR. In closing I like to say to the nay-Sayers, do your homework, practice and get used to the camera. In the end this is the best compact camera. Period
camera|In addition to this Sony, I have a Nikon D7000 and an Olympus E-P3, the latter two with multiple lenses. While I love the Nikon and Olympus, on most occasions I find myself reaching for the Sony. It produces great pictures and is extremely compact and easy to transport. The form-fitting case is an expensive but great addition that adds to the convenience of carrying the camera.The camera is feature rich and the controls and menus are intuitive. I love the fast lens which takes great pictures in difficult low light situations. Pictures are consistently sharp with rich, pleasing, balanced colors. I easily get lots of 'wow' shots, both from the quality of the camera and the fact that carrying it with me so much of the time allows me to take pictures at opportune moments.While I would have liked the lens to have been wider at the wide end and longer at the tele end, I fear this might make the lens slower and compromise picture quality, so I am content with the shorter zoom capability. This camera is expensive but I am delighted with the purchase.
camera|I bought this camera for a recent trip to Europe because I didn't want to take my DSLR. It is now my &#34;go everywhere&#34; camera. I love it.Very easy to use and navigate through the menus. Big sensor for a compact camera. I shoot mostly in RAW but do use some of the nice features such as the built in HDR mode. The photos are very sharp. It's nice to have a fast f1.8 (at the wide angle only). The camera is small and fits in a pocket, which also makes it unobtrusive for street photography. At the wide angle there is some distortion, especially of buildings, which is not unexpected with a small camera. I accidentally dropped it on a pavement and it survived the fall! The Sony manual is on-line and not very good, so I bought &#34;The Photographer's Guide to the Sony DSC-RX100&#34; for the Kindle (iPad) which came in useful when traveling.Great camera for a small everyday compact. A bit pricey but worth it.
camera|Love love love this camera! I am not a pro and only use it on the auto mode and it takes great pictures. On auto it adjusts itself depending on the setting you are in. Videos are great also. So good that although I usually lug my video camera on trips I left it at home for our last trip which was a cruise. I had extra batteries and extra cards just I'm case. It took great videos! Love being able to snap a pic while videoing! Can't say e ought about this camera. I'm a novice and have bought several cameras looking for that one that would snap great pics without me having to adjust settings! This is it! A little pricey but worth it in my opinion for the great pictures!
camera|I've had a Canon 20d for about 7 years now. Love the quality of the pictures and the control you get, but recently, having 2 young kids, the size of the DSLR was becoming an issue: hauling diaper bags, stroller and a hefty camera was becoming too much for me. I first just wanted to find a cheap point and shoot to carry around, but the more I read reviews and thought about it, the less I was willing to compromise on quality. In comes the RX100. I read a lot of good reviews and looking at the expensive pricetag (expensive=good, right?) I realized I might be able to get both good quality and small form factor.The size of the camera is good. I've had it in my pants pocket a couple of time without case and its manageable.A couple of my &#34;photography enthousiast&#34; friends are getting this a their travelling light camera.Pros: - Picture quality. I find the image quality outstanding and the only reason I can think of bringing out my DSLR anymore would be for sporting event to use the range of my 17-250mm. - High ISO. RX100 will not popout the flash as much in semi dark conditions. Acceptable noise at high ISO. - Useful features/modes. The auto mode generally goes from landscape to macro at the right moment. - Body feels solid and though (thankfully) I have not dropped it yet, the RX100 feels like it would not fall to piece in such a tragic event. - The main reason I liked DSLRs over point and shoots was the lack of delays on DLSR: There again the RX100 performs. Just click, click, click. No delay. I have a Class 10 SD card and can just snap away, without missing a the moment.Cons: - Weak optical zoom - The lens ring is not used for what I thought it would be for (zoom or focus), but instead it is used for selecting options on the screen. I was kind of unhappy about that. - The lens sticks out of the body a little (up to the ring), basically adding a third of an inch to what you would expect of a point and shoot. - The popout flash is great, though I fear it will eventually break. When it decides to open up, I usually have my finger on it. Also it looks like it needs to be retracted in a certain way, not sure if third-parties using it will be as careful with it as I am...Awesome work on this one Sony.
camera|The camera takes remarkable photographs. Rich, luscious color and a wonderful film like quality. My major gripe is that the LED display on the back scratches incredibly easy.I bought this camera in July and a few days later took a trip to Europe for a couple of weeks. For most of the trip I kept the camera in my pocket (it is a pocket camera after all!) and took it out to snap photos of our adventures. I took approximately 600 pictures with the camera over a two week period. By the time I returned the LED display was ugly with scratches. In my defense, I did not keep keys, coins or other hard objects in the pocket with the camera. I simply slid it in and out of my pocket and by the time I got back to the States, the display was ugly with scratches. My iPhone 4S by the way was in my other pocket, one where I typically keep coins and other somewhat hard objects. The iPhone's display, now going on one year is nearly perfect. Why can't Sony employ similar technology on a premium product like the RX100? Also, I bought a Canon 5D MK3 in June and that camera, obviously not a pocket camera, gets banged around while hanging over my shoulder against all manner of obstruction. Its display too is without any scratches whatsoever so I know that the technology to build a more durable scratch resistant display exists.Fortunately, the display works perfectly and is usable for reviewing the pictures, but I'm very concerned that the accumulation of scratches after a year or so will render the display opaque!I'm also told that the same type of display is on Sony's new $2800 RX1. If that's the case, then I'll think long and hard before dropping that kind of money on a camera whose display is so easily marred. For that kind of money, I would expect a Sapphire Crystal covered display to mitigate this kind of wear and tear.
camera|I would first like to say that I was a loyal Panasonic, LX3 user for years. I waited out the LX5 and when the LX7 arrived, I made the jump. After 400+ shots I was left disappointed. I really never liked the cost of Sony products, but I had to give the RX100 a try and I must say it really, really is leagues above the Panasonic LX series, and I hate to admit that. I am so impressed to find such a high quality camera that I can cram in my pocket and love the images at the end of the day when I am back on my computer. Well done Sony.Crisp, Vivid images even when shooting in low light/ high speeds!The Con's: Non intuitive menu controls, especially adjusting the ISO in full manual. Maybe this is a personal bias, being used to Canon/ Panasonic. But that is the one thing that prevents the (5) star rating at this time. That, and the fact that it did not come with an external battery charger, but requires the camera to be plugged in.I will recommend this camera to anyone, and what is another $200-$300 more for a camera that will give you thousands of images for many years that you will love!
camera|I would like to start by saying that this camera is amazing. The quality of the pictures are excellent, the Carl Zeiss lens is amazing, it's easy to use, the ISO is perfect, color rendition is spot on, Auto Focus is crazy, the B&W pictures it takes are really nice, screen big and colorful, and the sharpness is perfect. I have it in a small Case Logic TBC-302 Ultra Compact Camera Case with Storage pouch and it fits really good in my jeans pocket, I take it everywhere. There are so many camera's out there that profess to be the best and have close to DSLR quality pictures but this is the real deal. This is the best pocket size camera out there hands down. It seems expensive because of the size, people automaticaly put it in the same category as a P&S, but it is not. It has a lot of features that you find on a DSLR camera like the Canon T3i/T4i with the size of an S95 just a tiny bigger. The flash is really good, but you'll find you don't really need it much because of the Zeiss lens 1.8, except for some indoor pics. The indoor pics are just as good as the outdoor pics, even the night pics outside are crazy.It's not only a good camera but it's also an artistic tool, if you're really into photography it has the options and image quality you need to get the pictures you want. I've been really happy with this purchase. Some reviers had mentioned the pop-up flash being and issue, it's not, it's cool and have no issues, just a little diffrent, many cameras have the pop-up now, you get use to it right away; and some people were complaining about the charger, after buying the camera their complaints don't make sense, you can plug it in a wall socket or pc, it has wall charger with a usb cable like a cell phone I love it, and it's compact. Some people always find the smallest and insignificant things to complain about.Orginally I had doubt's because of so many wack P&S cameras out there and the price, but after doing reasearch and looking at some pics online in Flickr and steve huff's website I gave it a try, I'm so happy I bought it. I thought the 1 inch Bionz sensor size and Zeiss lens was just another marketing hype but they are not, they work really well together. If you are looking for a profesional pocketable camera that you want to take everywhere this is it. I love Canons but I have been disppointed with the quality of a lot of my pictures with some of the Canon P&S's so I started looking outside of the box and I wound up buying a Sony, which I never thought I would; I could not be happier. Sony has really come a long way, and I would say they have some of the best camera's out there right now.Canon has some nice camera's and lens but it doesn't mean everything they make is perfect and that theres no other brands out there that make camera's that have the same quality and in many cases even better quality products. You just have to do your research and try it out and not just buy blindly based on passed experiences with a brand or just based on brand loyalty. That's what happened with me and Canon, I was limiting myself to finding excellent quality Cameras like the Sony RX100 and the Fujifilm xe1 because of my loyalty to Canon as a cutomer. As a loyal customer I tried Canon first but I did'nt find what I was looking for after several tries. I'm happy I did'nt just stick to something I was'nt happy with just because of the brand I have finally found something I can truly say I'm happy with and it was worth my money, the Sony Rx100, now I look forward to Sony's future camera's, I hope they continue on the path they've been on. Sony's on point right now, especially with the introduction of Zeiss lens, they've been putting a lot of time and resources into their camera division; definitely a good investment.
camera|I was very surprised this little camera lives up to all the hype. Excellent quality images, excellent focus speed and amazing low light noise control. I love the fact it can take multiple photos for low light images and layer them to reduce noise, HANDHELD!I am very impressed, the photo quality is good enough that I will be using my Nikon dslr for photo jobs only and using this as an everyday and travel camera since it is so portable and such amazing image quality in the day and night. Worth the $
camera|This camera produces great pictures. You notice the additional detail with first photo. I would have liked to have had it revert to 35mm at start up instead of wide angle. Largest problem so far is that it turns it self on and runs battery down. I intend to complain to Sony and await reply.
camera|It does everything, and it does it well! I took this camera, along with my DSLR, on a recent trip to Italy. I took about 99% of my pics with this camera -- it did not disappoint. The only time I used my DSLR was when there were shots that I needed additional zoom for. This camera's iAuto mode is fantastic. The quality of the images are like what I would get with several hours of post-processing. Of course, the HDR capabilities are a huge bonus. I love, love, love this camera.
camera|I seldom write product reviews. The fact that I am writing one for the Sony RX100 is a testimonial to the functionality, construction and performance of this camera. For me, it has become an essential tool for the making of my images,both photo & video. Highly recommended.
camera|Dslr on a compact camera!!! Great low noise performace. You get more sharpness with it than with an entry level dslr lens kit. And video quality is amazing. I am really happy with it. I filmed indoors and was astonished by the clear image with extremely low noise. You have to see to believe. What a clear, fast f1.8 lens can do!!!In the beginning I had some trouble with it because it has all the dslr functions, but kind of complicate to manipulate all those settings without all dslr common buttons and wheels. But with little practice, you learn how to deal with it. Recommended for sure!!!Don't forget to download the full manual (user guide) on sony's web site, because the one that comes with the camera is very superficial.Or you can find a pdf converted manual for your off readings on the web at physics.byu.edu/faculty/colton/Sony%20RX100%20User%20Guide.pdf.
camera|The Sony RX100 is amazing!! I am a pro (semi-pro) photographer that that shoots a lot as a hobby/passion/side-business. I know my equipment inside out. I shoot with a Nikon D4 and D7K. I have been looking for a pocket camera to take with me everywhere I go....I normally already do take my DSLRs with me but I still wanted something more compact that behaved and had some of the qualities of my DSLRs. I know that was a lot to ask. I tried others....I had an Olympus XZ-1 and it was ok but it really lacked the low-light performance I am used to with my DSLRs and was not happy with the noisy images past ISO 500. I gave up on the idea of finding such a camera until I ran into this Sony RX100. It's low-light performance is amazing. I love this sensor. I've only had it for about a week and only shoot it mostly on Manual Mode. I gotta add though that I tried the "Superior Auto" mode on it and I was very very impressed with it. If you know your way with a camera and can shoot manual, then this is DEFINITELY the compact camera for you!! Check out the two samples I have uploaded. Buy this camera and don't look back. Excellent compact camera...I will probably even use it in a wedding to get those special shots (Rings, closeups shoes, etc).
camera|I watered my so much loved LX3 a few month ago and since than was on a hunt for a better replacement. The first RX100 reviews amazed me, but my first thought was: 20MP is too much, 16MP would have been better for a 1 inch sensor. My LX3 had 10MP and made marvelous photos, so 10MP is already enough. What matters at the end of the day is pixel size, since the weakness of ourdays digital shooting is limited dynamic range (ever seen a 80 years old black and white tripod photo made from a 10x10 cm negative ? - breathtaking quality), and dynamic range is, in a first approximation, bound to pixel size. If I do the math, I find that the LX3 has a 1/1.63 inch sensor with 10MP, the RX100 has a 1 inch sensor with 20MP, so the each RX100 pixel is about 41% larger than a LX3 pixel. Not too big a difference.The RX100 is not yet (early August 2012) in the shops in Germany, so I bought it online from sony.de. Without going into details about this experience: never do it. A letter listing all the mishaps, slip-ups and bugs of my online and telephone service experiences is on its way to the CEO.The camera arrived July 20th. First impression: while my LX3 gives a sturdy impression, with the RX100 I felt and still feel as if I have to be very cautious with this little body. If you switch it on, the lens walks amazingly far out and speaks "do not touch me, your touch might derange my glasses". Not to mention the toy flash.Second cry was for a decent manual. May be NY-Times D.Pogue is able to master the plethora of menu options without manual, I am not. Fortunately I found the online-HTML manual soon, and even more fortunately I found a hint how to convert this into a PDF I was not aware of. Here it is:Open Acrobat Reader ProClick FileClick create pdfChoose from Web PageEnter sony online manual URL into box on top(click sign), Choose "Get entire site"There I was sitting one entire afternoon studying the manual. Wow, how many options. Most are restricted to JPEG. Which more or less makes sense. I would like to have available the auto-HDR or long exposure noise reduction as well for RAW, but OK. And the quality of JPEGs is amazing. I compared a RAW and a JPEG side by side in Lightroom: there is some more sharpness with RAW, yes, but JPEGS are still impressive, and those many creative modes are fun to play with. You can generate all these effects in Photoshop, probably better, but to have those easily accesssible via firmware with a few clicks is fun.However, there is no RAW converter yet for Lightroom. First I used Sony's "Image data converter". This software is not ashamed to blow up a 20MB raw file into a 100MB Tiff, which can be used in Lightroom. Later I found "Raw Photo Processor 64" which generates TIFFs of still 35MB. Compare this to 5MB JPEGs, and you know why I always toggle between " I want highest quality whatsoever" and "do not fill up your time mashine backup unwarily".One weekend I did not use the camera, and the battery was drained afterwards. Completely. To the point I could not charge it via Laptop-USB: the yellow charge LED did switch on and off and on. I could not re-animate my brand new camera ! Fortunately, next morning charging worked again with constant lighting yellow LED and full charge after 6 hours. This was a bit shocking, in particular since I do not know how it could happen. Was the play button pressed inadvertently in my pocket, which switches the camera on just like the power button ? But than it should have automatically switched off after 2 minutes. Maybe a firmware update should remove the ability to switch the camera on with the play button: in contrast to the power button, which is "in a sink" the play button sticks up. Or offer me a slim (and maybe waterproof) case.Overall, I am quite happy with this little Wunderkind, although whenever I get it out of the pocket there is still a tiny fear I could bump or break it. Could be a tad more robust, could be a tad more pleasant in the hand.
camera|I've been using this camera for about 6 months for casual photography and so far really like it and the image quality.To highlight one aspect: the capability of using the lens ring for manual focusing has solved a big issue I've always had with my previous P&S cameras... getting an exact focus on one portion of an object. When in manual focus mode, twisting the lens ring immediately zooms the LCD view to tiny area in the image field so you can precisely set the zoom (without worrying about whether your eyesight is accurate enough ;-) and then restores the full image view in the LCD shortly after ring motion has stopped. I now find my self using this capability much more than not, with the result of more crisp pictures than when just relying on the AF.My only disappointment so far... seems like the flash is a bit harsh (so I try to avoid using it as much as possible), but OTOH I haven't tried to tweak it yet or see if I can make it more indirect, etc.
camera|I can easily produce large beautiful detailed low noise 24"x16" prints straight out of this camera without hesitation. It produces amazing images thanks to a fantastic lens and a very large 1" sensor. It handles great. It is nearly silent. It has zero shutter lag. It focus very quickly, shockingly quickly for a pocket camera.And all along it remains incredibly small, well built, and beautiful. I would strongly recommend this camera to anyone who cares about their images looking great and wants their camera to be small.A heads up: This camera does not include an external battery charger. There are third party chargers available now, and very soon (if not already), Sony will begin selling official additional battery chargers including one in a kit with an extra battery for a good price. I would recommend having at least one extra battery.
camera|My Sony RX100 crept out of my jacket pocket while on a bike ride (going about 15 16mph). It hit the asphalt and bounced twice before rolling into the grass. I feared the worst. Inspection showed several 3-4mm scratches on the front adjacent to the control ring and a nick on the top beveled edge by the "Sony" label. The good news -- everything works perfectly. However, I am definitely going to be more careful about where I put the camera when biking -- the camera is too good and too expensive to lose through such carelessness. Best pocket camera around. My only complaint is the learning curve. The camera does a lot but it takes a while to get fluent with the controls. It is one of those cameras where if you quit using it for a while you will need a refresher course and the manual (including the downloadable one) isn't very good. I wish they would add a few buttons -- exposure compensation, ISO, and white balance would have helped.
camera|A lot more than I had expected. Does it all camera, even movie mode. Full 1080 60p mode with full control over shutter and aperture.Low noise great image quality. Using with Nikon D600 as a travel alternative.First no compromise compact, I'm loving it.Bought inexpensive eBay external charger with spare battery because I don't like in camera battery charging.Using this Case Logic case, great case.Case Logic DCB-302 Compact Case for Camera - Black
camera|Took this on a trip to Italy and fell in love. Fits nicely in a pocket, and it's easy to whip out and shoot. Never needed to use the flash. Terrific for taking pictures in dark churches. Also good at backlit scenes and sunsets. The three-in-one picture ability (interleaving three exposures) saved a bunch of shots. I have scarcely used the fancier features yet. My only complaint: the documentation/instructions are thin. A friend who bought this camera before me found some guy who'd created a pdf of the online instruction manual that I was able to put on a tablet and study one rainy afternoon....
camera|It's the best digital camera I've ever had by far. The photos are absolutely gorgeous! Video looks and sounds great. The range of presets, manual controls, semi-manual controls etc. is fantastic. I also love some of the "instagram" like presets that do cool things like shoot a picture entire in black and white, but include only a single color (green, blue etc.). Shutter-lag is non-existent, and the size speaks for itself.I couldn't be happier with the purchase and plan to keep this camera for a long, long time. It costs a lot more than other point and shoots and it may be more camera than a lot of people need. I do have some background in photography and was delighted to take advantage of what this camera can do.Two non-dealbreaker cons: I do wish it had a view-finder instead of the display screen - in the bright sun it is harder to see and forces you to set the brightness to a high level which uses up battery. And the instruction manual - at least the one available right when the camera was released - is shockingly insufficient.
camera|Wonderful little camera. Pro-like quality pics with convenience of pocket portability. Lots of fine tuning options. Sub-par user manual. Use of wrist strap or lanyard a necessity due to small size, lack of grips. I also use a 58-mm Schneider-Kreuznach filter cap to protect lens assembly while in the pocket, travel bag. No need to lug around a DSLR for most shooting, travel, etc with this one.
camera|Since I bought it in early August, I've taken >1000 photos, more than I took in the last 2-3 years! It's that fun.Before going into real review, I'd like to first alert you that the "Most Helpful Critical Review" for this camera that claimed the RAW format is NOT supported is completely wrong on this point.Sony's RAW file, ARW format, is a long standing proprietary format that's likely very well supported: After I took a RAW image with RX100, I did a quick Googling and then tried the first two well-reviewed free software that claimed to do RAW conversion - and both supported ARW! Both can open and then save to other formats. One is Photoscape, which has basically no feature support when doing the RAW conversion other than autoWB (Edit: I was wrong here, one could actually use 'Edit' feature after choosing the ARW file to make many adjustments in Photoscape too). The other is Raw Therapee, which has all sorts of controls available, and this is the one I'm going to use. Googling also finds a 2007 post on dpreview that said Adobe Photoshop Elements (watered down PS) does fast RAW conversion of ARW files. Another 02/2012 post claim Adobe Camera Raw 6.0 or 6.5 (free for PS CS5) supported ARW. And that critical review's dated 7/31/2012! It's just completely wrong. (Edit: there are others confirming that Adobe's support is just out, so that review might be about Adobe only, but its title and content both claimed no 3rd party (not just Adobe) support, which is definitely wrong).Now the real review:Instead of recounting all the pros and cons others have said so many times, I just want to write down my impressions on the camera from the angle of a complete photography newbie:1. Great image quality. Great colors, beautiful Bokeh effect. My unprocessed shots on flowers, portraits, match real photographers'. Low light performance is impressive.2. Great night shots. If you set camera on Superior Auto mode, and take a night shot by hand, it looks as good as anyone's. RX100 takes multiple shots and somehow combine them to improve lighting without blurring the image.3. In-camera panorama mode is convenient, but not that great. The adjacent images are frequently shifted (particularly obvious if there's human face in photo), the moving speed of the camera needs to be slow and the last part of the image sometimes were grayed out.4. In-camera HDR is really nice, and you can adjust the bracketing to some extent. Good on static objects. Combines only 3 shots though.5. Love the watercolor, had great fun with it.6. The Superior Auto mode is so great that I almost always keep it on. It does occasionally go into the wrong mode (ie, landscape instead of macro).7. Video qualities are very good, but I feel my Panasonic TM900 is still better except for color fidelity. A pity that RX100 doesn't take external mics but the audio is surprisingly good (maybe my expectation was low for onboard mic for such a tiny camera that's mostly for photos).8. Image stabilization is great. My hands are not steady, but even when Superior Auto mode takes several photos in quick succession, there's rarely a photo that comes out blurry.9. Many preset modes, and they work well.10. BIGGEST advantage: So small that I do put it in my pants or shorts pocket and take it anywhere - that's why I took so many photos so quickly!11. Another BIG advantage: No need to bring a lens kit with you! For newbies, no time/money wasted investing which lens to buy. Some might feel that you can't change lens with this, but I think Canon's EOS-M is a dumb idea. Why would I want to bring a big lens with a pocket camera? Doesn't that defeat the purpose of POCKET camera? If I want to use multiple lenses, I'd buy T4i instead.12. 3.6x Zoom is small. It needs to be bigger.13. Price is high, similar to low end DSLRs, but it's worth it because it takes DSLR-like photos but has the added advantage of being pocketable. You won't miss any precious shots again because you couldn't haul your big camera over.14. The flash is very bright. Auto-focus focuses well in near completely black, and the flash flashes an impressive distance.15. Reviewing the photo was easy. Navigating menus is also easy.16. My BIGGEST complaint: The distortion near edge starts early and very noticeable. If you take photo of people, I feel that even for people standing 8 feet away, only the middle half the area (not half the length, thankfully) do not have distortion. I wonder if it's just my camera.17. A tip: Say you enter Scenes mode and chose macro, and then you want to switch to landscape, it's fairly hard to find out how to quickly switch. I used to switch to auto mode, then back to Scenes and choose landscape. But later I accidentally found out that you just have to use the focus ring to change this setting! I know those that read manual probably discovered this already, but I never read any manuals for electronics, so this one took me some time. But I had no trouble with other things I want to do.18. Continuous shooting, speed priority mode are both fun to play with. Nice and clear photos. I feel that both are slower than the specs indicated though - of course one could argue that my class 10 card might not be fast enough, but it is true class 10 speed.19. Photos taken during video taping are not very good (it's 16:9 too), but it's still a nice feature to have. It takes a long time to write to SD card, so you can't take photos in quick succession during video.20. Focus is so quick that you rarely ever miss a moment (rushed shot in low light situation still frequently turns out blurry though, but that's hard to avoid).
camera|This is an outstanding camera. I bought it as a travel/pocketable camera to avoid lugging or leaving a prosumer DSLR, and in that capacity, it gives me 90-95% of the functionality with 400% less hassle and weight. The intelligent modes work quite well. Macro is quite acceptable, low light is outstanding, and DoF is good. Having used it for travel, my only complaint is that I wish the lens went to 24mm or wider. In a couple situations, I found 28mm a little too long. Several times in indoor spaces, I found I couldn't get the full feel of a scene because I needed a little wider. Also, for some landscapes and some candid shooting, I love the Nikon 14-24mm on a DSLR. But that isn't a fair comparison in terms of cost, size or weight.In short, you have a triple constraint of cost, quality, and convenience levels with a given camera. This one gives you 95% quality and 95% convenience. Given that, I was happy to pay the cost. If you are even close to on the fence with this camera, I suggest you go ahead and get it from Amazon (risking only paying return shipping) and try it out in a real use scenario. I suspect you won't be returning it.
camera|Disclaimer: I'm just a regular woman with no special knowledge of camera tech.My husband and I went into an intense debate about which camera we should buy with the upcoming arrival of our first child. We currently old a Canon SD800 that is too slow and a SLR which is too big for us to carry around along with all the baby stuff. He really wanted us to go with the NEX-6 whereas I gravitated more to the RX100. I think essentially, we want different things and we have different goals! Once we established that this camera was primarily for MOM (i.e. me), it was easy to decide why this camera was awesome for ME.- Small and light. I can throw this into a purse no problem. Love it!- One-time purchase. I won't have to buy multiple lenses for different uses. This is one size fits all for 80% of the situations I am in. So even though it is the most expensive compact out there, I actually save more in the long run because I know I won't be blowing more cash on additional lens.- Great for low-light and super fast lens for babies! I don't know the technical specs at all, but this camera meets that criteria when I tested it in the Sony store.- Easy to use and no need to muck around too much with settings. The "intelligent mode" is pretty awesome but I do switch between that and "A" and "P" mode so I can adjust the aperture with the ring to tell the camera what to focus on.- Friends have asked me why not the canon s100? Easy, the sensor size!!! I have no idea what it really means to be honest but I like knowing something about this camera is just as good as the NEX series which should in theory set it in a different class from the other P&S.Cons:- Unfortunately, one of the biggest reasons why I didn't shoot before was that it was a pain to get pictures of our SLR. I really really wished the RX100 came with wifi but I know that would have compromised on size. I did pick up an eye-fi card and it actually does the job quite well. It's so easy to get my pictures on my iphone now! Eye-fi review here: http://www.amazon.com/review/R1JHHYE8AV4DD0/ref=cm_cr_notf_FIRSTHELPFULVOTE_prd
camera|I am not a professional photographer, but I have certainly owned enough cameras over the years as an amateur to know at least something about image quality when I see it. I have used a Canon EOS 40D SLR with a VERY EXPENSIVE lens that has been great over the years, but I always wanted to have something that wasn't such a pain to lug around on my family trips without feeling like I was making too much of a sacrifice in image quality. I have tried multiple other premium pocket cameras, but this RX100 is stunning to say the least. My very first shot of my son in difficult lighting in the house had that awesome SLR quality look to it and bokeh effect, and I was sold from the first shot :)The auto focus on this thing is insanely fast, and the noise/grain on these 20 megapixel images even when blown up to 100% "pixel peeping" on my computer is impressive to say the least. My 40D was only 10 megapixels, so when resizing my RX100 images to those dimensions it is even more impressive to me that they have managed to get that type of image quality out of a 1" image sensor in that small pocket camera. The ability to tilt the built-in flash back with your thumb a little to get a built-in "bounce flash" is also very cool, and the results from my initial simple tests using this method were pretty good.If you are into taking pictures that have high quality and would like to take something that is less of a burden on you dragging around equipment all day, then this is THE CAMERA that you have been waiting for! I can't wait to have this on my Disney trip with our 3 boys in 2 weeks instead of suffering from neck and shoulder strain all day from my SLR and wondering where to stow my big camera bag when getting onto the rides.
camera|I'm not a pro photographer, not even an amateur, but I am a geek, and I love learning about this stuff. I had an S90 back when they first came out, it had all the fancy features, and you could take it anywhere. Basically a great first camera to learn photography. However I was miffed at the build quality and ended up selling it on ebay a few months later. The RX100 fixes the build quality issues and to boot gives you a huge increase in indoor performance. I've only had this camera for a few hours now but it's definitely satisfied my need for an expensive gadget while opening the door to learning about more advanced photography past what my iPhone can deliver.
camera|For background, I started with a film SLR a million years ago. Since digital, I have used only Canon's S-series starting with the S50. Most recently using S90. But the reviews convinced me to switch to Sony and I'm impressed.----------------Here is what I love...- Size- HDR support- Bounce flash- Bokeh (blurred backgrounds)- Panorama- Creative in camera modes- Clear view zoom- Front ring (like no stops)- Like being able to customize controls for ring, right, left, center and Fn. Like having 3 programmable modes.- Stability - I thought the default 1/30 shutter would be too slow but most pictures appear sharp.----------------Here is what I view as the incredibly dumb decisions...- The out of box setting of Auto-DRO causes lower quality images. Why set the default as worse quality? I think some of the claims of poor image quality relate to this decision.- Crummy manual and no manual in box. If Sony wants users to take great pictures, give us the information needed. I realize that big manuals cost a lot to translate for world wide distribution, but the current situation is really unforgivable. The internet community may close this gap in time.----------------Here are things I personally dislike, but some could debate as everything is a tradeoff...- In program mode, I'd like to have the option of setting a minimum Aperture and Shutter. I find F1.8 to have too shallow depth of field for a lot of my situations and 1/30 can sometimes be too slow. Yes, I can use Aperture priority, but then it frequently picks 1/30 for the shutter. If that is too slow, I'm stuck with Manual which requires setting Aperture, Shutter and ISO. At that point I've missed the shot.- The tripod has to be removed to access memory/battery.- I wish for a VF or articulating display. Just personal preference.- I loved Canon Vivid setting and have not been able to reproduce it. Anyone have ideas?- Miss the flexibility to customize self-timer to take xxx pictures after yyy time.- Why can't I customize the top, bottom, zoom toggle, and movie buttons?- When selecting things in Fn menus, I naturally turn the dial the opposite of the way it expects. I'm sure I'll learn but it seems backwards. Turning clockwise, moves the selector to the item in the counter-clockwise direction. I realize it is trying to simulate moving a really dial but it doesn't register with me. I'm too use to using a mouse where you move toward what you are selecting. Wish I had an option to reverse it.- I miss external battery charger, but I tried Anker Multi-Purpose Universal Rapid Cell phone Battery Charger for Samsung: Galaxy Nexus, Galaxy S II S2 i9100, T-mobile T989, AT&T i777, Skyrocket SGH-I727; HTC: Sensation, Sensation XE, Amaze, EVO 3D, ThunderBolt; Motorola: Verizon Droid RAZR, Droid X... with the battery in Special Value Accessory Kit for the Sony DSC-RX100 and it works fine.- Settings for on screen display during shooting could be improved. Some are very cluttered. Would like more options to have the horizontal level shown.- If Sony decides to not do Firmware updates, I would view this as a major omission. Too soon to know but I'm fearful. For a $600+ camera, I'll be very unhappy if that occurs.----------------OVERALL - It is a definite improvement to my S90, but I'm not in love yet. I will probably get there in time as I use it more.
camera|If you are reading this review you probably already found enough glowing reviews about this camera to easily convince you to buy this camera and probably only the cost is cautioning you. In two weeks of my ownership with this camera I am totally left confused if I need anything better for family photography. This camera is more than adequate to get 'fantastic' pictures in all conditions (indoor, low light night clubs, outdoor, fast moving kids, sports). If there is anything you will ever feel missing will be the zoom range. But even that can be compensated in a way as the 20MP leaves room to get good enough pictures after good amount of cropping.If not for my fascination to shoot with legacy lenses with my NEX-7, I would have made this my only camera beside my cellphone. This camera is way better than buying any DSLR (around $700 range( and settling with cheap kit lens as RX100 has much faster and better lens than any kit lens that come with DSLRs. It will be almost impossible to be disappointed with picture quality this gem outputs.Can't wait to get update to Adobe LIghtroom that supports RAW pictures of this camera. Pictures from this camera can only get better when that happens!!!!
camera|I want to like this camera, but the one I got has a serious flaw: the battery drains when sitting still. I noticed after a week that every time I tried to use it the battery was dead. After observing it for awhile, I noticed that it would turn itself on without being touched or moved in any way. First the viewer turned in, then the lenses popped out and the whole thing fired up. I tried to figure it out but finally decided it was just broken. Unfortunately I waited one day too long to return it to Amazon, so had to send it back to Sony. That was three weeks ago. If I get it back soon and it works alright I'll figure I just got a dud and will upgrade this review. If it still has a problem I'll downgrade it to one star. But from what I read from other reviewers my problem is not unique.Update: after 3 weeks, I got the camera back from Sony. The tech did not read the letter explaining the problem, tested the battery and pronounced it good, then returned the camera without actually fixing it. Useless.Update 2: After giving up on the useless Sony technical support, I took self-help and foisted the turkey back on Sony at their store. The replacement so far has not exhibited the same problems. I took it on a 10 day trip to Rome and did not have to charge it once. The pictures I took came out well. What I particularly like about the camera is the size. I LOVED being able to carry it in my pocket knowing that it can take as good a picture as most of the massive DSLRs I saw other people lugging around. I LOVED being able to take pictures in any light without a flash. The controls are easy to operate. Frankly, though, I care much more about the artistic aspect of photography than the technical. I found it laughable to see yet another person using their expensive camera to take yet another picture of the Colosseum, as though something novel might be revealed. A good picture is unexpected, and depends more on the eye of the photographer than the equipment s/he is using. The size of this camera makes it discrete, and that helps capture the unique moment. The sophistication of the RX100 makes it possible to do that with technical quality as well.Overall, a big thumbs up to the camera, and a big thumbs down to Sony service (hence the 4 star rating not 5).
camera|I bought this camera after my Japanese brother-in-law bought it in Japan. What I discovered was that it is an exceptional camera with amazing features. However; it was made in China and my Brother-in-law's camera was made in Japan and supported a 20 to 1 zoom (optical & digital) and mine only went to 14 to 1 zoom. So far as I could tell the cameras are the same in all other respects even down to the version number. But it was disappointing to pay so much money for a pocket camera and then find that it is inferior to the Japanese made version. Also, the instruction manual is not very comprehensive - nor does it explain many of the features. I would do a lot more homework the next time I purchase a Sony product.
camera|I've owned all of them and sold all but one, the Sony RX100.The GF3 was amazing outdoors, but was a disaster indoors (especially white balance) using 3 different lenses. And the built-in flash was lousy.So, I sold it and bought a Sony NEX 5N - a brilliant camera, with awesome HD video capabilities, but the size was prohibitive. And the flash was too bright indoors - had to adjust settings, became a headache. So it started collecting dust.So, I jumped on the Canon S110 only to be very disappointed. Why? Photo quality wasn't much better than the rest of the PowerShot line up. And the HD video had lousy focusing system (vs Sony and LUMX). Not enough zoom either. So I sold her.I then tested out the Fuji XF1 and was very pleased - seemed to take both excellent indoor and outdoor stills, great white balance, worked perfectly on the AUTO settings too (unlike Canon and LUMIX) and video focusing seemed to track fairly well. larger sensor than the S110 too.I didn't own the LX& but those I spoke to who did, complained about AUTO still quality and didn't like having to use P Mode and customize settings. Becomes a DSLR nuisance when you have to edit too many menus vs point & shoot away.However, I went for the gusto! I bought the Sony RX100 instead last minute. I have 3 words to say - OH MY GOSH - the convenient size, flawless AUTO settings, accurate HD video and spectacular detail and color give me goosebumps.*** THIS CAMERA WAS THE BEST MONEY EVER SPENT ON PHOTOGRAPHY EQUIPMENT *** DSLR LIKE QUALITY THAT FITS IN YOUR HAND
camera|I LOVE this camera. And I don't even know how to use it. I turned it on, turned off the flash, and started shooting. Amazing. I am blown away at the low light images and the ability of the camera to handle white balance and low light situations. My favorite is the camera's ability to use face recognition to create additional portraits out of the photos you've taken. I repeat. I don't know how to use this camera and still.. I LOVE it. Can't wait until someone comes out with a manual. Sony has nailed this.
camera|Doesn't the title say it all? It is, what it is. If you are looking for the best pocket size camera with near DSLR image quality, look no further.I was looking for a new, go anywhere, do anything camera. Started with the tried and true Canon, but the G1X was too expensive, too slow in performance, and above all, way too big. Also considered the Canon S100 and was almost sold on it, but after the recent Canon recall for the S100 due to the ongoing lens error, thought it was best to stay clear of it. Beyond that, no other manufacturer offered a pocket size camera with such a huge sensor.If you are looking for a new camera I definitely recommend this camera. Given the pocket size, you are more likely to use it and always have it with you...that is the purpose of a camera. Something to take with you, not having to lug around and distract from your event.But don't take my word for it, see what the expert reviewers have to say: (...)
camera|The RX100 is amazing because it's small, fast, sharp and has a large sensor.You can take multiple shots, almost as if it was a single lens reflex.I know one other person who owns this camera, and we both asked each other the same question."Do you use this more than your Nikon single lens reflex cameras?"We both agreed that we do. It can't replace the DSLR, but it comes pretty close.If you're against this camera, for whatever reason, take a look at the Canon G15.It's larger than the RX100, but it's cheaper. If you don't mind the extra weight, go for it.Also--look at anything that Olympus makes.
camera|i've been using this sony Rx100 for a month now, had fun with it , outdoor , indoor or up on the snow mountain. For people who don't own any DSLR before, i wouldn't recommend this to upgrade from P&S camera..!! WHY ? Because for at this price $650 , you can buy a nice entry level camera which can do a lot more than this , and bigger sensor as well. But this camera fit all my bills , since i already have Canon gears sometimes, I just don't wanna take it to the restaurant or take party photos. The sensor in this Rx100 can produces stunning images If you know how to take a photo with good compostion , knowing light condition and a bit of photo software skills. I really like the built in flash that can bounce up the wall..!!Pro - nice metal build - Pocket-able - Bounce Flash - high ISO abilities ( i set it to Auto very confident with 3200 ISO) - great color and RAW file to work withCon - Slow from start up and close - very expensive ( should be about $500) - not so good for portrait photoi highly recommended this camera for who already own DSLR system and looking to get everyday best camera to use. You can create difference images like you never with DSLR , Trusted me ..!!I used this for my street shot and it works like ninja..!!!
camera|a great P&S camera but I returned it and bought nex 5n instead. don't be surprised, as the matter of fact both cameras cost about the same price. nex5n is much much better camera compared to rx-100.
camera|This is an almost perfect camera. It's truly like a DSLR in a point and shoot body. However, what makes it fall short is the lens. 3.6x zoom is just not quite enough range (5x would fit much better in the point and shoot department). Sure, with a 20MP large sensor, digital zoom is much better. But still, just about every medium-priced point and shoot is over 5x. Also, while the wide-angle f/stop is very nice, at the telephoto end it's really bad. Panasonic is making a 24x zoom that's f/2.8 for the entire range. While that wouldn't be realistic with the sensor size in this camera, I'd think a 5x with f/2.8 over the entire zoom range would make this a killer camera. As it stands now, it's very close to the best point and shoot camera on the market. But, zoom range and lens speed is just not quite up to the task. Make the lens 5x and f/2.8 over the entire zoom range and it really will be a DSLR in a point and shoot body. As it stands, it doesn't really fit as a point and shoot nor a DSLR. So, I ended up getting a different camera. Looking forward to the RX-200 however!
camera|
camera|I want to start by saying this camera does everything it says it does, so if you want to read the good stuff about it, check the 4 and 5 star reviews. I want to concentrate on the things I dislike.I don't like not having a view finder. Wearing polarized sunglasses often makes it difficult to see the screen, including the zillion camera options presented on the screen.I really liked my Canon PowerShot S95 10 MP Digital Camera with 3.8x Wide Angle Optical Image Stabilized Zoom and 3.0-Inch LCD because it satisfied my photography needs about 90+% of the time, but lost it last year. I purchased the Sony mainly because of the advanced shutter, aperture and focus controls thinking it would satisfy my needs 99% of the time. And it probably would, if I wasn't so "carefree and careless" in the point-n-shoot mode.During some group photos at our Thanksgiving celebrations, the camera didn't always detect every face. Result: Some of the closer persons were out of focus. Yes, this was my fault, but I expected it would use a more generic point-n-shoot everything-in-focus mode. Now I use a little more time getting the correct depth of field and focus, but it's a "bit" frustrating.While doing some nighttime shooting at the Denver Zoo-Lights, I got some great shots - shots that would have probably required a tripod for other compact point-n-shoot cameras. The only complaint I had was the occasional shot with persons, persons that the camera could not detect because of the darkness. Result: The surprisingly powerful flash, coupled with exposure compensations, gave me grossly overexposed and unrecoverable faces. I'm not sure how one would compensate for that.The most disappointing experience was at the National Western Stock Show. Somehow the camera got on one of its functions that I think should be reserved for photo software. I will try to upload one of the pictures of my wife and grandson. Result: No usable pictures. Hey, if you're going to include bizarre functions, the camera still should keep and unaltered version.I admit these are operator error - my fault. And, I hate to admit, I'm probably a better than average photographer *BUT* when I want to be lazy and use the camera as a point-n-shoot, I don't want surprises. I miss my Canon PowerShot S95. It was smaller, had a viewfinder, and I made less mistakes.For those who think this camera is a bit too big, I use Sony Jacket Case for Cyber-shot RX100 *BUT* instead of using the strap, I use a clip similar to this *Silver Tone Metal Trigger Lobster Clasp Key Chain Keyring 2 Pcs and clip the camera to my belt. PS - I think the case is about 4-stars.Anyway, the camera does what it says, but the user has to be too careful in using it.
camera|very good pocket size point and shoot.It is an advanced point and shoot.It has lot of good things that beginers are not capable of using.Manual is useless.You have to download from sony web site to fully appreciate what this camera can do.Video is very good.
camera|My Purchase of the &#34;Photographer's Guide to the Sony DSC-RX100&#34; was critical to my understanding of the extraordinary capabilities of my new camera. This book is why &#34;I love it&#34;.
camera|Takes incredible photos. My only beef with this camera is that the body feels cheap. I think it's mostly plastic or really thin metal. Not the type of body worthy of such an awesome camera. Maybe the next version will have a body worth of the sensor/optics!
camera|I held off buying a new camera for this one to be released, and it is everything that the positive reviewers say, except for one thing my ancient Sony DSC-P8 that it replaces has and that is Trimming. I do not want to have to upload my shots to a computer to take out something from a picture (for example, in a picture of friends at a table, I could zoom in to eliminate a glass on the table, then save that picture.) I could do this easily on my ancient Sony, why not this great camera? Also, why be able to rotate a picture to display it, but have no way to save the rotated picture? Other than that I would give it five stars plus.
camera|Yes, it is as good as they say it is. Solid controls, ergonomics, features and most importantly picture quality. I was a Canon S-series user for years, but RX100 is much more advanced in the same size package.P.S. Thank you Sony for making in-camera USB charging possible!
camera|The concept is simple; a very small camera with a large sensor. Compact System Cameras like the PEN series from Olympus were the first big step in this direction. However, the Sony RX100 takes this to a level never seen before.This camera is really small; about the size of the Canon s90/s95/s100 series (and smaller than other premium compact cameras like the Panasonic LX5) with a sensor size never previously seen in a pocket-sized camera. In addition, the lens at wide angle (28mm equivalent) has a maximum aperture of f/1.8This camera takes excellent photographs under almost all lighting conditions. The automatic white balance does a better job than any other camera in this price range. Exposure and metering are also very good even outdoors under highly contrasted conditions. The AF is quick but does get it wrong once in a while under dim lighting conditions. The picture quality rivals good entry level DSLR cameras even at higher ISO settings. Photographs taken at ISO 1600 are noise free and cleaner than photographs taken with any other pocket camera at ISO 400. Close examination reveals some loss of detail at higher ISO settings presumably from some type of noise reduction being applied.Obviously the small size of the camera imposes physical constraints on the inclusion of dedicated buttons and the size of included controls when compared to a larger camera. Many of the buttons may be customized. However, the portability/photograph quality combination is unmatched by any other camera ever sold.THE LCD screen is very bright and sharp. The screen in default view displays al of the key settings (albeit rather small). An optical viewfinder would have been a welcome inclusion like the Canon G series (and the Nikon P7xxx series) as the LCD is difficult to see in sunlight.The flash is a little weak (and there is no hot shoe for an external flash). However, the flash is movable and can be positioned with your thumb to create a "bounce" effect like most external flash units for a much nicer flash effect. Again, the flash output is weak and the bounce weakens it even more so 'bouncing' the flash is really only practical at wide angle where the aperture is very wide.Why only 4 stars? The price is simply too high for a compact camera (and Sony is old school; they do not let resellers discount the list price) especially one with disappointing build quality and no instruction guide (not even on CD) or software for Raw conversion or even a battery charger (the battery can be charged while it is inside the camera). But if you want the best small camera money can buy, there is no competition.
camera|For the past few years I've been shooting photos with my iPhone and my Nikon D40. Mostly with my iPhone. Not because it takes better photos than my DSLR, but because it was always with me. In my pocket, and ready to shoot anything.The bummer always comes when you realize that the iPhone isn't good enough to capture almost everything you encounter in life. A DSLR can cover a lot of the bases, but it's a bit impractical (speaking only for myself) to carry around all the time.While Nikon and Canon have been resting on their laurels, and Leica and Fujifilm have been focusing on how to make cameras more expensive - Sony decided to show up this year and drop the most magical camera I've ever had the pleasure of using.&#8203;I'm seriously blown away by the performance of this camera. The build quality is great too. The camera is hefty, yet perfectly weighted. It has a black all-aluminum body that feels really solid and you can tell that some folks at Sony really cared about the product they were making.When I was using it yesterday, I felt like I was cheating. Like the camera was too easy and wasn't challenging me at all. It's so incredibly effortless to capture beautiful photos with it. It's sharp as a god damn tack and it's color capturing is close to perfect.&#8203;&#8203;Sony was able to squeeze a 1" sensor into this thing, along with an amazing Zeiss lens, a great processor, and really excellent software. The large-diameter 1.8 lens allows for the really gorgeous defocusing in the background, but I'm still floored by how small this thing is. I really only thought that huge lenses and big cameras could produce results like that. It even has a control ring on the lens that perfectly emulates zooming with a DSLR. Even better - you can use the control ring for a variety of other manual things like ISO and stop adjustment.I'm no expert on photography, or even the types of specifications that make a camera wonderful. Which makes using the Sony RX100 for me such a magical experience. Using it feels intrinsic and it's something I feel like I can take with me everywhere. When I was pricing cameras in this range I initially wanted a CanonS100 which had been the choice if you wanted a great compact camera, but now that the Sony RX100 is in town, the S100 and even the new S110 have been rendered almost irrelevant by Sony's camera.&#8203;The $649 that this camera will set you back, seems absurd given that you could buy a DSLR for around the price, but this thing is small.This is the camera of my dreams - the one in which I'm never without a great camera when something wonderful needs capturing.&#8203;Sony really was firing on all cylinders when they were designing this camera. I wish it the best of successes on the market, and I think it would be perfect for folks who want a DSLR for the photo quality, but perhaps aren't really that crazy about photography - just great photos.&#8203;Plus it's so pocketable. It's really spectacular.The Sony RX100 is a true turning point for me when it comes to taking photos. The times I've been resistive of taking my camera somewhere because it's too big are a thing of the past.Highly recommended.&#8203;
camera|For years I've been either lugging around my Nikon D300, a picture-taking machine that carries like a brick, or bringing my Canon SD880 Digital Elph, a tiny gem whose photos usually makes me wish I'd taken the Nikon. The RX100 seemed to offer big-camera quality in a small-camera package, so, despite the high price, I purchased one. Wow! I can't believe how good this camera is. Zero buyer's remorse. Focusing speed and shutter response are about as fast as my SLR. In dim light, the images are better than those from my SLR (which is, admittedly, four years old). This is not just a passable camera for use in dim light, it's an excellent camera for use in dim light. Of course it works great in bright conditions, too. I've never owned a Sony camera before, and the user interface was a bit different than what I was accustomed to, but now I rather like it. The "fn" button can be used to recreate the user interface of Canon point & shoots, but is more customizable. Yes, I wish it came with a manual and a separate charger. Though expensive, I think the RX100 is worth every penny.
camera|I bought it to "replace" my Nikon D90: I need a really small camera to go with me on my hiking trips, which I found even a D90 with a 24-120mm VR is too heavy for me. Originally I was considering Fuji X10, but delayed my purchase because of the WDS issue and eventually buying RX100 instead.In short form:Pros -Solid build in compact form factor, and lightVery good wide angel performance"Manually adjustable" flashReasonable ISO performance at its size (1600)Cons -Becomes f/2 after going up just 1mm in focal lengthLacking in telephoto performance: wanted f/4 instead of f/4.9 (2/3 f-stop faster)Want faster boot and shutdown timeToo many pixels: lower pixel count may boost "usable" ISO to 3200, higher FPS etc.No GPS / no way to use cell phone as a GPSIn long form:The camera itself is very small, really small enough to fit in my pockets. However, most of the time it will come with me in my bag instead. Since it tightly fits in my pocket now, I don't expect it to fit in my pocket when I get the leather case which comes with the camera a month later (out of stock for now). I had also considered buying m4/3 and NEX, but what's the point? GF5, for instance, is 362g with the 14-42mm X lens (f/3.5-5.6) attached while RX100 is 240g. Comparing the two using equivalent aperture of 35mm (full frame), at the wide end RX100 is around 1-stop faster (f/4.9 vs f/7), while at 84mm RX100 is less than 1/3 f-stop slower (f/11.2 vs f/12.25). I do not and cannot own all different kinds of cameras for testing, but according to what I see from review sites taking sample photos of the SAME object, I will say that GF5 with the kit 14-24mm X lens produces picture very close to but not as sharp as RX100, particularly at ISO 1600 and onward.RX100's boot and shutdown is around 3 seconds each. Wide angle at 28mm f/1.8 is really amazing, especially that it also have pretty short minimum focus range (roughly 10cm). Telephoto, on the other hand, is a bit weaker at 100mm f/4.9 with a not so great minimum focus range of around 60cm (rough measurement again). Even though the camera is having f/1.8 as the fastest aperture, it goes up very quickly to f/2.0 when the focal length just go up 1mm from the widest; However, it keeps itself in f/4 until going pass 66mm, which is fine and is much better than many lenses already. The picture quality is very good (bokeh is pretty nice), and I see its "usable" high ISO is 1600, which is prefect for outdoor activities but a bit lacking for indoors. I must admit that I am fascinated by the fact that the lens used in RX100 is "Carl Zeiss" : not really produced by Zeiss I know, but at least they are "involved", and I am sold by the T* coating. Perhaps that's also why it performs better as I'd mentioned above?The flash can be tilted up manually as a bounce fill-in flash, though I have to go through the menu instead of using a shortcut button to activate the flash. This is also a very important feature for me to choose it over Fuji X10. With the 4GB card installed, the camera reports that it has capacity to store around 160 photos in RAW and JPEG (small). I generally shot my photos in RAW for archive but upload JPEG to Facebook directly instead of using LR4 to convert and upload, hence my settings preference. I have no idea about its battery performance, but it should be adequate for one-day use in my case. The camera takes Micro USB for charging and comes with a 1.5A@5V USB charger, and it seems that I can charge it by my computer. However, computer USB port generally supplies 500mA at most, which is 3 times lower than the charger, so I don't think it is a good way to recharge the camera. Yet, using Micro USB, it means I can also use a more generic "portable battery" that works for many devices instead of buying a spare battery, though it may seems more bulky. Perhaps the only missing feature I also wanted is GPS, or the ability to use cell phone as a GPS device. I want Geotagging!
camera|I took the RX100 and a Canon 5D Mark III plus assorted L-series lenses on a trip to Antarctica. The typical scene there includes white snow and dark water or black rock, thus presenting the camera with the dual challenges of high contrast and nothing of a typical 18 percent gray density from which to meter. Despite mostly being left on "green idiot mode", the RX100 typically produced far better JPEGs than the $3500 Canon, regardless of what exposure was used on the Canon. The long lenses of the Canon were better for wildlife, of course, but I came to rely on the little Sony for scenery and also for its built-in panorama mode. It is possible that if I spent a few months in Photoshop working with the Canon RAWs that I could eventually produce some great JPEGs, but I'm not planning on living to 225 years of age.I also have a Sony NEX-6 and like the results from that camera and especially its flip-up rear screen, but it is not as pocketable and does not have a motorized lens cap so the RX100 wins for convenience.As the founder of photo.net it is kind of embarrassing when people admire a photo from Antarctica and ask what exotic camera it was taken with and the answer is "A Sony point-and-shoot", but the JPEGs don't lie![If this were my only camera, the deep menus of the user interface would drive me a little crazy. But I use the RX100 for the things where "green idiot mode" works well and use the Canon DSLR for other stuff, e.g., sports, birds, etc.]
camera|If you intend to use this camera in tropical or sub-tropical conditions, which can easily occur in summer almost anywhere other than the poles, beware. Should you walk around outside in hot humid conditions, then step into an air-conditioned space like a restaurant or your hotel - or home - moisture is likely to condense inside the camera. Do this several times daily and before long the camera can fail and the failure will not be covered under warranty. My new RX-100 lasted two months in SE Asia and went completely dead. It was never dropped, exposed to rain or in any way "abused." An authorized Sony repair shop here in Thailand where I bought it has quoted $220 to repair the camera because it was "broken by water." And guess what? As soon as it is working, it will be vulnerable to the exact same failure again.Note that moving from time spent in the cold into a hot environment would tend to cause condensation on the outside surface of a hollow object that had reached thermal equilibrium at the lower temperature. There are temperature/humidity specifics that determine whether or not condensation will actually occur.Sony knows there is a potential problem with the camera because they briefly mention cold, heat and humidity in the user manual. (There are manufacturing techniques that would essentially eliminate this issue but would probably increase the camera price beyond a viable sale point.) They do NOT say how the user is supposed to know harmful condensation has occurred inside the camera body (not the lens), or how to avoid the problem recurring, nor do they provide anything really more than a vague warning. My lens did not fail, the electronics did. Clearly this should be a listed concern, but there is nothing of practical value Sony can say about it beyond worrying the new owner. And, obviously, they will not mention this topic in their marketing materials.So, depending upon where you intend to use the camera, be advised high humidity and warm operating conditions can lead to expensive, out-of-warranty failure. If these conditions are not a concern for you, then worry not and you will probably enjoy owning and using the RX-100.
camera|I've been waiting for this camera for over 8 years...want something that I can actually carry with me everywhere in my pocket rather than around my neck but that takes incredible pictures and has fantastic controls. I probably bought and returned 6 to 8 cameras over the years hoping that they would do it and they never could. Canon's Powershot S90/S95/S100 cameras were headed in the right direction but the sensor was too small for true low-light photography; same story with Panasonic's Lumix LX5/LX7 cameras. I thought Canon was going to pull it off with the huge sensor in the G1-X, but after shooting with it for 3 days it went back because it's too big, can't focus well, and has a crazy minimum focus distance problems which means you can never get close to subjects no matter how much you zoom in because as you zooom you have to back up so much that the shot was never actually any closer.This camera is incredible and changes the landscape of high-end point-and-shoots forever. My Nikon D7000 is an amazing camera but is now going on Ebay. While the RX100 might not be able to take pictures that are quite as good, and the smaller sensor definately has limitations, the point is that this camera has finally gotten "close enough" to make the trade-off worth it. I don't have my D7000 with me so many times because it's huge, so it doesn't matter how good the shots are. Now, I'll always have the chance to get the shots that matter... because I'll have a fantastic camera in my pocket.
camera|I was seduced into buying this camera by reading David Pogue's review in "The New York Times." Took it on a trip to Montana, got great shots of Glacier National Park. The battery lasts forever; I have yet to exhaust it on a shoot, even after a full day of hiking & taking photos. Also - it's very small, fits in a pocket or in my purse (even my small ones).Very pleased with the quality of the shots, and the many features. The panorama feature is great ... saves the usual multi-photo stitching together in Photoshop afterward. The video is also very good, both sound and image. Now I can carry my Canon 7D with my telephoto lens and this Sony and get the variety of photos I want. Lots easier than lugging my other full-size SLR with another (heavy) lens, along with the 7D.One useful thing is the immediate in-camera help available for the camera's various features. The information displays on the LED screen, answering many questions I'd have had to research in the manual otherwise. Handy.It also works well in low-light situations, to the amazement of my friends. The pix aren't quite as sharp as those in strong light, but they're not grainy and the colors look pretty good.I strongly recommend this camera. Looks like I may end up using it as my go-to camera, esp. while traveling.
camera|I purchased this camera in hopes of two things. Image quality and pocket-ability. It fits both criteria very well.The lens is sharp, while having some major distortion at the edges compared to the LX5 I own. It is faster and with much better DOF control than is available on the LX5 though, so that helps. On the long end of the zoom, it's barely passable as it has so much in focus that you cannot tell its even got aperture control. Sony would do well to have a max aperture lens that is around F2.8 - F3.2 on the long end for the next round of this lens.The body is sturdy, albeit with plastic bits where there should be metal. The fit and finish is nicely done, although I found it a little slick to hold. Have applied gaffers tape where my fingers touch/hold it. As mentioned, the flash is pretty flimsy feeling, though it offers the ability to use a finger to tilt it back and bounce the flash. That part of the flash is very cool for a P&S. Well done Sony for innovation.The sensor and resulting image quality are quite frankly, astounding for a P&S. If like me, you want the IQ that comes from an APS-C sized sensor and lens combo, this is as close as you will get in any P&S, IMO. Since I wanted the best available images, this is very pleasing to me. There are a slew of fun to use image effects and they actually look pretty good in some cases. The painted image is one I like (see the portrait of the girl in the gallery, with a before and after).Lastly, it goes in my pants pocket and is only marginally larger than my iphone with a case on it.This is the camera the new LX7 will be struggling against IMO. However, with an F1.4 - F2.3 lens that covers about the same range as the RX100, I would guess that you can get better looking images from the long end of the LX7. ?? We shall see soon enough.Overall, the RX100 is a keeper and will likely serve me for some years to come as long as Sony built a lasting product...
camera|Bought the RX100 as soon as it was available at Amazon. My copy was Made in Japan. Image Quality was stunning - rivaled the Olympus OMD EM5.Was constantly amazed that something this small could rival m4/3.Sony really knocked it out of the park.Sadly, after 4 months of ownership a very conspicuous dust spot appeared on the sensor - too big and too central to simply forever clone out - suggesting that either the seal of the lens was inadequate or debris was in-camera at time of manufacture.I kept the RX100 in a small Lowe Pro case with belt loop. I take care of my optical gear. I have owned dozens of compact cameras over the years and have never encountered a dust problem with a fixed lens camera.Was very disappointed - again, the camera is a marvel - especially at this price point.Despite the time frame Amazon graciously supported me (Amazon gets 5 Stars in this saga). I am gun shy to order a replacement RX100. Although similar complaints are few, they are out there. Reports of Sony support on this issue are varied.[...]
camera|I have to say the RX100 exceeded my expectations--but that's because no camera could live up to the ultra-rave reviews this one has gotten. How good is it? Relative to its tiny size, it's excellent. If you have a S90/95/100 or something similar and want better quality in an equally small camera, it's here. The RX100 is better in just about every way. But when somebody says "As soon as my little Sony arrived I unloaded my Nikon D800 SLR, ah....no.There are so many features and the instructions are close to nonexistent so a quick summary based on what I've found so far. 20 megapixels may/may not be necessary but picture quality is impressive for such a small camera. As the tests at Imaging Resource showed things are a bit soft in the corners at the wide setting, but not that bad. Usable wide open and best around f/4.5. At the long end, the lens is fine everywhere, right from wide-open. Am I pixel peeping? Yes, and if this was a $139 Casio camera I would agree it's unjustified. But it isn't, and therefore it is.I like the Sony interface and have no problems with the ring, except that its flush with the bottom of the camera so in the unlikely event you use a tripod, you may not be able to turn the ring (yes, this happened). Dynamic range could be better, which is a shame but to be fair, only Fuji has really extended dynamic range. I tried the various options and only the HDR really compresses the range but of course you need a stationary camera and subject to take advantage. By the way, it does a great job with in-camera HDR; I thought it looked more realistic than my Canon 5D3 HDRs. Video was a snap and looked great to me (I know nothing about shooting movies).Without going into things that obviously the camera doesn't have, like a viewfinder, shoe or low price, here are my plusses and minuses.Pro: Really small, lens sharp everywhere you'd expect, great interface, fast operation, only slightly confusing for a snapshot camera (Intelligent Auto vs. Superior Auto excepted), very low noise to ISO 400, completely usable at 800, lots of detail in files, multiple memories for saving settings, lots of well-implemented fun features with good on-screen explanations of what they doCon: Camera's bottom bottom plate entirely plastic (ok), lens assembly entirely plastic (not ok), dynamic range typical of small sensor camera (similar situation with Canon G1X), LCD not visible in direct sun even with adjustment, no obvious way to protect front element, no grip (really needed with something this small), no meaningful instructions, large raw files a bit of a nuisance until decent software available.So, if your main requirement is a very small camera that can take very good photos, this is for you. OTOH, if you're quality conscious enough to spend this much on a camera, you might want to get something a bit larger or wait for Photokina.Update - A few more observations having used the camera a bit more. The Superior Auto mode does a fantastic job of reducing noise via multiple exposures, and the Handheld Twilight mode, with more exposures, is even better. However, with these modes the camera locks the lens wide open so you gain a lot in reduced noise but you give up a little sharpness and a lot of depth of field. Also, despite the large sensor, the camera still seems to be set up as a snapshot camera. With jpegs, it over sharpens a lot, giving the typical halos. You can almost eliminate this, while still taking advantage of the features that only work with jpegs by going to Menu - Creative Style and reducing the excessive sharpening, which really isn't needed with this camera.
camera|I have been using the Sony RX100 since September 6 & am just now downloading photos into newly released Adobe LightRoom 4.2. I must say, although I have truly enjoyed using the Sony RX100 these past four weeks, I am blown away by the extraordinary quality that comes out of such a small package that I can carry around with me all of the time.IN USE.First up, you must sport the elegant Gariz half case for this camera. Looks really cool, and also makes it easier to handle the camera. Plus, it puts the tripod mount closer to the center of the lens.Properly armed with the Gariz case and the included wrist band, I then proceed to turn off all noise, and I mean ALL of it. My RX100 is absolutely and utterly silent thru picture taking. No focus beeps, no shutter noise, nothing. A small camera that fits in the palm of your hand and is completely silent.After silencing the beast within, I proceed to set up the function menus. I can tailor these buttons to my needs significantly better than I could on my old NEX 5n. About 98% of my picture taking is accessible within one push of one button. Great menu and setup.In picture taking, it's lightning fast. Seems like it handles whatever I want to do, and quite admirably. I can really only think of one detail I would like to see improved in a future model: Wider angle lens -- 22.5mm, 24mm, something like that. Otherwise, it's an extraordinary package for snapshots, adding fairly comprehensive handling of landscapes, architecture, and portraiture as well.IMAGE QUALITY.For the past hour, I have been looking over my first 393 photos imported into Adobe LightRoom 4.2 for conversion to DNG & post processing. I am overwhelmed by the detail! I live on a cliff overlooking a fairly large lake, so I've got nice stretches of open space, from distances of about ten feet, all the way out to several miles away -- the volcanoes across the lake. The depth of field is lovely! Captures these lake-scapes in stunning detail.What the camera does and does not do.This is my second camera; my first is a Panasonic G3 with a curious assortment of native and adapted lenses. The Sony RX100 does NOT replace my wonderful Panasonic, nor do I expect it to. Although I am perfectly equipped to take snapshots with my Panasonic, I certainly prefer the RX100 for this type of town and/or country, walk-around photography.If, however, I wanted to photograph landscapes, I would pack the Panasonic with ultra wide lens, though I might put the Sony in my pocket as well, just for backup. Similarly, if I wanted portraits or other types of pictures with a dreamy sort of out of focus background, I would grab my Panasonic with the appropriate manual focus, fast prime, legacy lens. For architecture, I think I could use either camera & be happy with the results -- would probably just put the Sony in my pocket and go!CONCLUSION.If this is your only camera, I think you are in great shape photographically. If your budget or interest allow you this much, you'll be more than satisfied with the results, more so than with any other compact camera, and perhaps even more than anything in the sub-$1000 range of changeable lens cameras.If this is your second camera, the Sony RX100 is a totally compelling reason to have an excellent camera with you at all times, particularly while your main camera is resting or off-duty.
camera|I own very high end DSLR's and have tried the Canon S95 and s100. The 'S' were ok - I was never totally pleased but were in general the one of the best options for a pocket camera til now. The image quality from the RX100 is just amazing and is very DSLR like. I am sure things will change for other brands as this technology moves very quickly. The camera is beautifully made and is a joy to use.There is one thing that I dislike a whole lot is the charger - to charge the camera battery one must connect the charger to a USB cable to the camera - in camera battery charging. This could be a positive had Sony also allowed the battery to also charge in the charger as it typical. Instead they are offering an accessory charger that does this for about $70.00
camera|I've had this camera for a month now and shot around 800 pictures with it (mostly nature; beaches, docks, parks, the zoo, Miami Seaquarium) and I'm still very shocked at the outrageous image quality and video quality! At 47 years old I had my first camera at around 7 years old and always loved photography so I've had many many cameras. I sold my Canon 40D and lens after buying this camera because the image quality is considerably BETTER than the Canon 40D.I still have the dslr itch so I'll probably now get the Nikon d7100 which is supposed to have considerably better image quality than this RX100 (hard to imagine better image quality than this) Sony makes an EXCELLENT sensor! Nikons are said to have Sony sensors inside. From the moment I picked this camera up to shoot all buttons and settings were easy to use.I felt like I had shot with this RX100 for a long time and I felt motivated and it felt fun to use. The speed also beats other point and shoots and no noise at all while shooting. Very quick and responsive. I would recommend this to anyone and this camera will set a new very high standard for this size camera and probably for dslr's also since they now should exceed this quality to merit their size and higher price. You will definitely not regret this purchase even though high for what you THINK is a mere point and shoot camera. Wait till you see your first crystal clear image come out of this little black box! Wonderful bokeh, f/1.8, no distortions.Update: Forgot to say the Sony Software is a great conributor to these very high quality RX100 images. Upon opening the raw software it automatically has the auto settings to create a perfect image as it loads the image. It's quick also and links to whatever other photo editor you might have. To be honest, better and simpler to use than Canon's Digital Photo Professional (DPP.)
camera|This camera just got back from 3 1/2 weeks, mostly in Turkey, where I took 2100 pictures and 30 videos, which will be culled to a manageable number for sharing. So the camera has been tried in a variety of conditions: low light museums and mosques, sunny beaches, rainy Greek and Roman ruins, closeups of art, and local faces/dress shot at a distance. Plus a variety of short videos shot in similar conditions.In short, the camera is astonishing in the quality of its shots and ease of use. Its greatest strength is shooting at low-light. I seldom used a flash and when I did usually went straight back to using available light to capture warmer colors. In some dark cave ruins in Turkey, the camera captured colors and detail that could literally not be seen with the naked eye - without a flash. Frankly, felt like science-fiction.The videos are crisp and clear. True HDI bought this camera as a supplement to my Canon SLR and the last minute decided just to take the Sony. Never regretted the decision for minute. Its pictures were sharper than my SLR's and I could safely carry it in my front pocket. The wrist strap is a must. It doesn't have a ergonomic grip. Its only other weakness, I would say, is that its telephoto pictures when you get into the long digital zoom range , are noticeably noisy at low light. The 3.5 optical zoom is a little short for such purposes.But all in all, its one fantastic camera which turned out to be worth its high price tag when put to the test.
camera|One of the negatives of this awesome camera is that there is no complete manual excerpt on line.No longer true.Amazon will not let you post links but if you Google "Sony Rx-100 Manual" you will find it in the dpreview website as a pdf - as Sony should have done to start..
camera|I replaced my Cannon S90 after a few years of delight -- this is such a step up! The image quality is remarkable. I've barely begun to explore, but even on auto this thing takes fabulous images. I'm traveling in Asia, and have been enjoying going to the markets with this - getting up close to piles of spices or mountains of rice. You can easily set it so the background gets nice and soft -- really pretty. Shoot FAST and sharp. I used to do pretty serious photography, but now I'm more in the well-composed-point-and-shoot mode -- I just want to be able to have my camera in my pocket, but still get good images.There are a LOT of settings on this, and it's not entirely intuitive. I suddenly had the screen showing a different view, and it took me awhile to realize the multi-button wheel has a display change option. My other complaint is the flash - it seems a little flimsy when it pops up on it's unfolding ladder. The rest of this camera feels SO solid. It's a good bit heavier and a little larger than the S90, but it feels great in my hand. As the lens extends, there is a smoothness that reveals quality and substance.So - had it for about a month now and I would highly recommend to anyone who wants great images with ease.
camera|I've owned numerous point and shoot cameras throughout the years from various manufacturers (Sony, Canon, Nikon, Olympus, etc.). Although I have been fairly satisfied with their results, I've been wanting to upgrade to a camera with better picture quality (larger sensor), but have resisted getting a heavy, bulky DSLR. For the past year, I've been considering the line of 4/3 format cameras such as the models from Olympus and Panasonic, as well as the Nikon 1, but still felt these cameras were not as compact as I would like. When the Sony DSC-RX100 was introduced, I was immediately impressed with it's specs (20MP 1" CMOS sensor, F1.8 Zeiss lens, 1080p HD video, etc). After reading all the rave reviews from professionals and consumers alike, I decided to order the camera. It arrived a day before my vacation trip to Cancun, so I didn't have a lot of time to become familiar with the camera's functions. What I found was that the camera was incredibly easy to operate despite the vast assortment of functions and shooting modes. It's bright, hi-res 3" screen is easily viewable in direct sunlight. The controls are well placed and easy to access. The camera's size and weight is well balanced - definitely pocketable! The fit and finish is very high quality. The RX100's most impressive attribute is its picture quality! The camera produces very crisp and detailed pictures! As I reviewed my photos during my trip on the camera's screen, I could tell the pictures were brighter and sharper than those I was accustomed to with my other point and shoots. However, when I returned home from my trip and downloaded the pictures on my PC, I was floored by the sharpness of the pictures. I was amazed that I was able to crop some pictures to a quarter of their original size and still maintain sharp detail. I also took some 1080p 60p video which looked amazing on my HDTV. My only complaint is that the camera's aluminum case makes it ease to slip out of your hands. It would have been nice if Sony had included a textured grip or surface on the front side. The easy fix is to use the included wrist strap.I'm so glad I held off for this incredible camera. I highly recommend it.
camera|This is written predominantly for the person wondering if the best camera for them necessitates the cost of the RX100. If this price is paltry to you, just buy the thing. It is quite a feat of excellent engineering.I bought the RX100 from Amazon. I'm impressed with Sony's innovations lately (Alpha, and NEX lines especially), and recently recommended a friend buy the WX150 model (and she is thrilled). I had to return my RX100 for it suffered from a dust glob on the sensor (it may have come from the factory this way, but it did rear it's head on day 2 of ownership, the first time I shot outdoors). As much as I was impressed with the 1080/60p video, I'm not sure the RX100's limited capabilities are going to fit my needs as being the only camera I'll use.So if you're looking to use this model as your only camera, you may also want either a wider angle (around 25mm) or a longer zoom. Meaning you may also be considering DSLR/DSLT models and other mirrorless offerings such as NEX. I'd suggest you get all 3 different systems and play with them to see what kind of compromises you're willing to live with -- problem is you may end up keeping the DSLR AND the RX100. Perhaps one day your bank account will forgive you ;O)If you never print big, or know you'll never want to print big (over 8"x10), I'd save some coin and first try the WX150. Seriously. Just don't pixel peep!The RX100 is an amazing tool, no doubt it delivers best in the hands of a serious enthusiast or pro, who are likely shooting in P/A/S/M modes. Don't want to be a photog? Don't know what P/A/S/M means? Get the WX150. I found the auto modes on the RX100 to deliver only OK images in all light conditions, but take some extra time using the P/A/S/M modes and your "photography knowledge" that's beyond the typical "point & shoot crowd" and you'll be amazed with your captures, especially considering the camera's diminutive size. Even right out of the camera JPEGs, without any post processing, look a notch or two or five better than your typical small camera.With my largish hands I found the handling a bit "fiddly" and mildly uncomfortable, YMMV -- between the large lens area on front, the large (awesome even in the bright sun) rear display taking up so much real estate, and lack of a front grip this camera may not be the one-handed dreamcam you think it can be (optional grips to help run $30+). It also doubles as a fiddly 2-handed cam, too! Keep that left hand off the top left pop-up flash space! I sometimes missed the shutter button and instead nearly pressed the on/off button. But hey, more time with the RX100 would likely result in better acclimation, after all, as humans we're quite the adaptive ones, yes?Don't believe anyone telling you this thing is a slam-dunk, can't-lose model -- your needs might best be satisfied with less pricey models, or cameras offering more flexible options for not much more moola. Only you can decide if size truly matters ;O)
camera|The first timeI turned on the camera i said to my self, " wow this is a baby NEX". The beautiful, crystal clear screen lights up and shows vivid colors making the composition screen a joy to look at. The build quality is absolutely sturdy, and the lens dial ring is so smooth, it feels like a focusing ring of a high quality lens. Im glad that sony did not incorporate click stops on the ring like what you get on the canon s100. It helps to avoid any unnecessary sounds being recorded on your final video file if you choose to manipulate settings while you shoot video. The built in carl zeiss lens delivers superb pictures with very good sharpness overall. I would definitely recommend this little beast to anybody who plans on upgrading their point and shoot camera as this give you pretty much most of the features that a dslr or micro four thirds camera has to offer except for the ability to change lenses. If you are the type of person who appreciate pocket friendly camera that delivers big performance, look no further, this will be a great companion for you. For anybody who is wondering, this is made in Japan, and it seems like sony was pretty serious when designing and developing this gadget as they did not cut any corners when it comes to their elite creation. Im not a fan when it comes to sony cameras at all, however this camera changed the way I looked at sony imagine products, Well done sony, all the reviews are very true, Hats off to you...
camera|The Sony RX100 is a great camera overall, but has some weaknesses in the performance area that take some of the shine away from the overall shooting experience.Image quality at lower ISOs is excellent. Sharp, detailed, good dynamic range. There are two issues I have with this camera, however. First off, it has a tendency to overexpose and clip highlights. Secondly, while it keeps noise at bay through ISO1600, it seems to do this through very aggressive noise reduction at ISO800 and beyond, taking a toll on fine detail. The Olympus XZ-2 on the other hand, has more noise at ISO800 but also more detail. Personally, I like cameras that retain fine detail better and don't mind a little noise. But to say that the RX100 is an open and shut case as far as IQ is concerned (when compared to its competitors)...not quite.I am not particularly thrilled about the F4.9 at the telephoto end but the lens has nice characteristics otherwise so I really don't see that as a negative overall. What is a negative overall is how long it takes for the lens to zoom in and out and it's loud when it does it.The autofocus performance on this camera is somewhat disappointing in low-light. It's fine in the daytime but in low-light it's almost as slow as the much less-expensive Powershot S100. Also I had issues with the image stabilization is not great on the camera for some reason. I found in a lot of instances that you had to hold onto the camera very tightly in order to get a blur-free shot. I think that is inexcusable for a $650 camera.Some people have commented on the battery life of this camera. It's not the greatest but that's one of the trade-offs you have to make with a small pocket camera. Your best bet is just to get an extra battery.The LCD screen on back is very nice being somewhat viewable in direct sunlight. The menu system on the camera is a very nice and more straight-forward than other Sony cameras that I've used. The dial up front doesn't have decisive clicks that the Powershot S100 has but it's still nice to have considering that some enthusiast cameras don't have it at all.Ergonomics-wise, I think this camera could use some improvement. The shiny metal body is slippery up front and could benefit from some sort of grip or textured surface to make the camera more secure in your hand.Video generally looks nice, I haven't tested it much. But it generally is sharp and the audio sounds good.I think the RX100 was a respectable first compact enthusiast camera for Sony. And indeed, it's remarkable they were able to take a relatively large sensor and put it in such a compact light-weight camera. It's image quality is a cut above any enthusiast compact out there. But it has some performance-related issues that need refinement. Not terrible, but it could have been better on a $650 camera. Overall though, a great first enthusiast compact from Sony.
camera|I don't mean this changes everything in the competitive camera landscape. I mean this changes everything for people. Especially if you have kids.I've had a Canon point and shoot which worked ok, but would always miss that critical shot. Right when my daughter is cracking the funniest smile, my compact P&S would take a second to autofocus (missing the moment), and then snap a photo either under/overexposed, blurry, or both.This Sony has really changed everything for me. For when you need to just capture those quick moments, you set to Intelligent Auto and just fire away. Shot after shot. This thing is QUICK. Most shots turn out clear, properly exposed, and properly saturated.For when you're searching for a really great photo, it has enough manual controls to let you frame things just the right way.The game changer is that you can have this camera with you far more often than your DSLR. I've had this for 1 day, and already I have more great photos of my kids than I got from a month with a compact P&S.Worth every penny.As for cons, I really wish it had GPS + tagging. Some of the UI is a bit counterintuitive and a bit finicky. The control ring could be a bit more responsive, but it's not bad. I hope some things will be improved with firmware updates.
camera|I normally shoot with a Canon 5D2, but it is a large camera to carry around day-to-day. I was looking for something that had reasonable quality in a compact form factor. Overall I'm very pleased with this camera.Pros1. Sensor. The biggest reason to get this compact, and what you are actually paying for. I've tried a lot of compact cameras, and most of them only get decent quality at ISO 80. I felt this was true even on the S95 which I used prior to this model. The RX100 is great quality all the way to ISO 800, and is passable at 1600. I feel like this is the greatest thing about this camera.2. Bounce Flash. I like to use an external flash on my 5D2, and I bounce it for better results. I love that the RX100 has a flash that pops up, and you can actually hold it back with your finger to bounce it. Produces much better results.3. Good Lens. I'm impressed with the built-in lens. At low F-stop it has decent bokeh. The sensor is big enough that you can shoot at F1.8 at ISO 80-400 and still crop for good results.4. Good Software. The controls are very good, and it has good customization. I'm able to adjust shutter speed, aperture, ISO, flash, etc, in a fast and easy way.Cons1. Missing features. GPS would be nice. Wifi would be nice. A viewfinder would be nice, but I understand it wouldn't fit.2. Missing Case. It would be nice if it came with a good case for the price. I bought the Sony branded leather case that is made for this camera, and it is quite expensive. However, the case is also very nice, and I consider it a must-have for this camera. You can buy cheap knock-offs, but I decided to spend the extra money on the Sony version.If you usually shoot an SLR and are looking for something small, then this is a great camera to consider. I am very happy with it!
camera|I am a serious amateur photographer, and it is the first camera review I feel compelled to write. This camera is amazing.This camera gives beautiful results for its size. I can see it being my only travel camera. I own a Nikon D700 that I love, but I don't have it with me at all times.For the first time, a pocket camera gives me the quality I expect. Great detail, great low light abilities, fast operation, very customizable. I tried the Canon S95, the panasonic LX5, the Ricoh GRD. The RX100, while being similar in size, has a significantly better image quality. It is in another class of its own.The image quality is as good as what I was getting out of my Nikon D80 DSLR.The Pros:- Unparalleled image quality for the size of the camera- Great low light images- Very fast and customizable- Very solidly built- Great lensThe Cons:- You have to connect the camera to charge it (no separate charger yet)- Depending on your tastes, you might not like the Sony colors. You can always shoot raw if that's the case.
camera|I was excited to receive my camera and charged the battery and took some amazing photos...two days later I turned it on and the battery was flat. I have repeated this experience over and over. On reading the reviews I am not the only one to experience this and will contact Sony in hope of a fix. Also for those wondering my camera was made in China, not Japan. I wish I had ordered one of the early models from Japan before the quality dropped. I have used Sony cameras for over twelve years and never experienced this kind of issue. The camera hold wonderful potential that is destroyed by a basic fault.Update Nov 7, 2012I called Sony to see if they could resolve the issue and after three transfers and thirty minutes wait they agreed that it was either a faulty battery or a shorted circuit in the camera draining the battery. They advised they would ship me a new battery, but they were on backorder until Dec 7. I declined the offer as by then my 30 day return to Amazon would have expired. I completed a return to Amazon and hey presto they responded by offering a replacement camera delivered the following day. Now that is what I call Customer Service!! You rock Amazon!! I have been working with the camera for over a week now and it is working well and is still working off the initial charge with no problems. I love the camera and have moved rating up to three stars and hope to be able to move it higher based on ongoing good experiences. BTW the replacement is made in China and working fine.
camera|I recently lost my beloved canon S95 and needed a replacement compact camera. I hesitated for a while between the much cheaper and ill-reviewed little brother of the S95 (S100) and this expensive new sony RX100 which everybody has been praising.When I opened the box I was surprised by the weight of the camera. This thing is small but heavy like a brick. With so much mass, I don't think that the camera would survive a 3 feet fall! Props to the engineers, it's amazing that the entire Carl Zeiss lens can retract into the body of such a small camera. Other than that, the sony RX100 looks really slick and reminds me of a Leica (not that I ever had one). A German camera it is not yet. I was in fact hugely disappointed by the finish of the camera. The trap doors for the micro-USB connector and the HDMI micro jack are so flimsy that I think Sony just asked some interns to design them. It's also likely that Sony is looking forward to people sending their camera for repairs, or just hoping that they buy the RX200 next year. I guess if you have a lot of money to throw around on cameras then it shouldn't be an issue. For me the joke doesn't end here. The worst piece of design on this is the flash. When it popped out I just started laughing. It's a $650 point & shoot and yet it has the lousiest flash I have ever seen on any camera. It's just ridiculous. I went in the menu and disabled the flash. I also assigned the flash button to an ISO button. This way I won't accidently pop it open and break this little piece of cr@p. Funny thing is, the manual advises people not to carry the camera by the flash unit. I guess everyone will have figured that by now.I read in many reviews that the RX100 was "made in Japan". Mine says "Made in China" and further investigation revealed that it's the case for every single RX100 that is on the market now. Thus, don't buy the sony RX100 because you think it's made in Japan. It seems to be something that sony did for the first batch of cameras knowing that the first reviewers would appreciate this detail.I then started to take some pictures out of my window and compared them to shots taken in parallel on my 6 years old entry-level Pentax 6M pixel DSLR equipped with a 18-55 lens from Sigma. I was less than impressed by the dynamic range and the colors on the Sony RX100. I heard people saying that the RX100 was as good as some recent DSLR. At first I seriously doubted it based on the test landscape shots I took. The colors were rather bland and the clouds overexposed although it was still early morning. Sure you can zoom in or crop the pictures taken on the Sony like crazy and get a better resolution than you would on a 6M pixel camera but this sony doesn't replace a DSLR when it comes to dynamic range.A few days later, I must admit that my opinion has changed a bit. You just need to figure out what this camera is good for. I started taking a variety of pictures and am now quite impressed. The sensor is very sensitive and the noise more than acceptable. I have shot many evening pictures in B&W and in color without flash at ISO3200 and am very satisfied with the results. The sony RX100 is indeed much better at this than my canon S95 or my Pentax ist DL2 DSLR. To be honest, it actually kills both cameras in this respect. Not sure how someone experienced with more recent DSLRs would feel about the ISO performance but I find it great. The shooting speed is also a big plus. I enjoy the movie mode as well. You can change the aperture and (slightly) throw the background out of focus which makes a huge difference with the canon S95 and almost every other point and shoot. I would not recommend zooming in and out while you shoot since the results aren't very smooth but overall the RX100 is quite good for shooting movies.One thing that I don't like is that several of the functions and modes are not compatible. For example shooting HDR and setting a timer while I have the camera on a tripod is not an option. This seems totally illogical to me and I don't understand why I can't do both to make sure that there's no camera shake. I do enjoy being able to set the camera to B&W and shoot a movie. This wasn't possible on the S95 for example. Still, I wish you could combine more modes and effects. Sony might release a software update but I wouldn't bet on it. They are probably too busy whipping their interns for the lousy trap door and flash design.That's about it for now. I have been shooting for about a week and am still having fun with the RX100. The camera is amazing for a point and shoot. Considering that I paid $400 for the S95 a year ago, I would say that the steep price of the RX100 is totally justified considering the difference in performance. Paradoxically, I can't help feeling that the RX100 is a bit overrated. It's not as good as a DSLR like some would like to pretend. I also really can't look past the fact that Sony decided to cut corners on the final design. I am really scared that I am going to break it within a year, especially when I get familiar with it and start being less careful opening trap doors and such. Until then, I am going to enjoy the RX100 a lot.
camera|The RX-100 is a pocket sized camera, 20Mp, has a Carl Zeius lens, 18-135 f/1.8 and a 2x extender built in, not digital zoom and barely degrades the image. (don't know how they do that) It has a 1 inch sensor, has RAW capability. HDR built in and variable from +-1 to +-6 stops. Can take up to 12 frames a sec. ISO up to and including 3200 is very usable. Can be set to take 6 images HDR in extremely low light and produce a usable image. All the HDR settings can be done hand held, has a wonderful processor that stitches them seamlessly. Can do all manual, even manual focus. manual focus has highlighting that shows in red the areas that are in focus, makes focusing a breeze. This is the coolest camera I have ever owned and the quality of images rivals any DSLR I have had. The rx-100 go's with me anywhere I go, and is now my favorite camera. It has all the controls we are used to in an SLR, so easy to learn the menus. I think for the camera capabilities 650.00 is a good price for this gear. I could go on on the features.Down side.It has no viewfinder, I am finding that very hard to get used to. It is VERY small, I put a strap on it and keep that around my neck, I am afraid I will drop it.No external mic jack for video. I rarely do video, but like ext mic's.No hot shoe. The flash is shit. Ok, that said, it will take a clear pic in light you just would not believe unless you try it yourself.All in all, this is a fantastic (incredible) camera, you will not be disappointed. Is it a bridge? Hmmmmm, I would call it a Pro point and shoot.
camera|I have been looking for a small compact camera that can take good photos indoors. I started with the Canon S30, and after more than a decade using dozens of cameras, I was thinking of giving in and buying the big bulky DSLR when lo and behold, Sony comes up with this miracle product. It truly takes much sharper pictures that are comparable to DSLRs, and because of the multi-shot "aggregation" feature, HDR features and panning panorama features, this Sony goes well beyond an everyday DSLR camera with a bright lens. One thing I would like is a 24mm lens instead of a 28mm it has today, but that is a relatively minor hassle.
camera|I won't echo all the technical aspects of the RX100. The other reviews on Amazon, plus all the pro reviews are consistently clear: this is the best pocket camera out there right now. And I completely agree. Should you pay $650 for one? It depends.I bought one of these on a whim and it does handle much quicker than my Canon S90 it is replacing, especially in low light situations. Will the camera make me a better photographer and dramatically improve the overall quality of my pictures? No. If I wanted to really improve my photography, I'd take art classes and spend hours daily practicing the craft. But I'm too lazy and unmotivated to do that at this point in my life.What this $650 camera will allow me to do is to have an easier time taking those 3 AM shots of me and my friends at the bar or those zoomed-in pictures at the rock concert where having an extra half stop and a bigger sensor will produce slightly cleaner pictures of the various band members. How often do I really need that level of low light performance in a camera? Maybe 8 to 10 occasions in any given year. Most of the pictures I take while on vacation and during my everyday life are shot in good light, and these pictures would look nearly indistinguishable regardless of whether I shot them with my S90 or with my new RX100. However, I don't spend my free time blowing my images up to 100% and pixel peeping- I'm more interested in the overall picture. I'm sure if you look really close at comparison photos there's a difference, but who really cares.If you're a person with lots of disposable income to spend on gadgets like this, realizing that in 2 years it will for sure be replaced by the next greatest faster and smaller gadget, then go for it and buy the thing. I did, and I have no regrets. I will truly enjoy using this camera for the next few years until the lens gets stuck or the sensor gets all dusty and too expensive to repair.If you're on a budget and the $650 price tag means compromising your food budget for a month, you should seriously consider how often in your life you really need that extra bit of low light performance. If this camera came out 10 years ago when I was in my early 20's, unemployed, and broke, there's no way this camera would be worth $650 to me. If this is you, then consider also some of the cheaper but very good cameras like an S95.Update 11-7-12:I'm still using the camera regularly and still think it's solid.A note to readers: comments equating this camera to "DSLR quality" are ridiculous. The rules of physics have not changed in the last few years. Though pictures from this camera are excellent (provided the person behind the camera has some skill), no camera with this sized sensor and compact body will ever be able to reproduce the unique image qualities that can be captured using a big camera with a big lens and a big sensor, notably subject isolation via shallow depth of field. It's just not going to happen.
camera|Simply here are some cons and pros.Pros1. Build Quality. Yep! It's Sony.2. High Contrast with Good size for printing.3. Good User Interface4. Customizable buttons5. Portable6. New Battery X takes over 300 shots (Usually I took over 500 shots with full charged)7. Mini usb charge8. Carl Zeiss T coated lens. I don't care about F. my favorite A setting is always F5.6 or 7 (yep. depends on people)9. iso 100 through 800 or even 1600. hard to find noise10. Great Movie recording feature. Mostly better than any dslr or mirrorless ones.11. CompactCons1. No External flash or VF connector (I think it is understandable issue. Because I saw Panasonic's LX7 design yesterday. And Design is so ugly. To me Don't want spend money to get expensive accessaries for compact camera. People doesn't want to spend extra money for that.. I believe. Instead of that, Internal flash is really working great.)2. Grip? (I am a big fan of gr digital or lumix LX series grip but for this camera. Without rubber grip, it makes much sharper and cool design. Yes. I want minimized design from Sony. I believe Leica X series has same issue and they are selling extra grip with very expensive price tag. And original leather case is supporting for this part well)3. No battery charger? Yep. I want battery charger.4. No WiFi? Um.. Actually Heavy photo files can be transferred by usb cable I think. no necessary with 20M pixel camera especially. This is seriously compact for professional or mania. GPS? yep... with gps and price higher is not good solution but same price with GPS feature. that will be great.5. Price... well. little expensive..6. 28mm Wide. 24mm or 25mm is very common spec now a days. First, Yes. I like 24mm Wide lens for landscape but also I like 28mm classic wide lens. In my memory, 28mm, 35mm, and 50mm is my old basic 3 lenses always. 28mm is better than 24mm's distortion and low light at corner issue and feel that is enough. also it is very useful for 5-6people shot at short distance. 35mm lens is classic. it is great for everywhere. portrait or landscape, especially street snap. 50mm is really good for portrait. Most of baby photo is from 50mm. On Automatic mode of RX100, easily change. there is 28mm-35mm-50mm - something like this. If there is 24mm option that will be great but without 24mm it is okay. This is luxury coated lens and classical 28mm.Thank you.
camera|Compared to these I have borrowed from friends or owned or had on trial for a week or more: XZ1, P310, LX5, S95, several superzooms, NEX5N....A./ Best combo of size and features of any compact out there....slightly smaller than an LX5, slightly bigger than a S95, because of its lens casing. This camera reminds me of an LX5, on a S95 body.B./ Will go in a pants pocket only if you are a man wearing "relaxed fit" jeans, or khaki casual maybe.C./ Absolute best ISO on a compact, pretty usable 1600. Drops quite badly at 3200.D./ Unimpressed with RX100's macro. I love macro, and wanted better. The FZ150 superzoom does as well.E,/ Very good WB in almost all scenes. The larger sensor may contribute: I dont know whether sensor physics or in-camera processing matters more for WB.F./ Digital extended zoom not as well done as Lumix or Canon.G../ Outdoor video great, but my FZ150 equal, and can do it with an amazing zoom. Indoor video very nice but, as with all compacts, not like outdoors. RX100 far exceeds XZ1, LX5, P310, S95 all of whom seem to put video in as an extra, which is fine , as long as you know that in the pricing / value decision.Stills thru ISO800: RX1 rates A XZ1 A- S95 B+/A- FZ150 B+ SX260 B/B+ LX5 B/B+ (WB issue) P310 B (noise) Zs15 B Video RX1 A FZ150 A- ZS15 B+/A- SX260 B+ LX5 B S95 B (720p) XZ1 B- (focusing) P310 C- (focusing)Conclusion:As a vacation camera, get the FZ150....great on an HDTV thru iso 400 or even 800, video equal to the RX100, and a clear image zoom out to about 32x !!For size, and for sharper ISO thru 1600, the RX100 if you have the bucks.For families, a much better all-around performer at even less money would be a NEX F3 or 5N, with a 18-55mm zoom. Much better ISO 1600 thru 6400, and therefore ability to use S mode and higher shutter speed to stop moving kids and pets. Again, for families, don't blow your budget on added lenses fot the NEX - the kit zoom is fine. Does everything the RX100 does and better, just physically larger to carry, but certainly ok in a purse, pouch, or on a neckstrap.For the pro who is constantly changing ISO/Aperture/Shutter/ev/WB....the RX100 is worth the money. It really is a tiny DSLR up to iso 1600... XZ1 could do in a pinch, as it is very controllable and just a step behind in ISO, very good 400 and better than most other compacts at 800...I now own a NEX-5N : fantastic, has usable ISO6400, but cumbersome interface and sometimes slow to focus. I also own the FZ150 as my main travel cam, and a SX260, mainly for its pocketabliity...After many, many trials, my opinion is: It is very difficult to beat the FZ-150 superzoom: very good macro and great zoom at the same time, plus very acceptable Auto Mode, then throw in full manual adjustments and excellent video.For overall quality, the NEX 5N. For size, adjustablity, and ease of use, the RX100.
camera|I'm sure something new will come out that will top this camera, but for now it's the best by far. I've owned the S90, G11, and the S95. I also own a DSLR with Canon L Series glass. This compact is unbelievable. The colors, dynamic range, noise... the whole IQ reminds me of what I am getting from my DSLR. One of the first images i took was in poor lighting. I took the image, looked at it on the LCD screen and couldn't believe my eyes.I don't understand how some people are saying this is on par with other cameras out there.... it's just not the case. Great camera.
camera|Read reviews here that people were unhappy because Apple had not supported the RAW capability of this fine camera... Guess what ??? Apple has responded with the following RAW support for OSX Mountain Lion.!!! [...] , updated 10-24-2012... In addition, after reading about the unsatisfied people who purchased the Amazon extended warranty, I purchased the camera directly from Sony for $1.99 more, which includes a free 16 Gb card, AND I purchased the OUTSTANDING deluxe Sony extended warranty... The Sony warranty repairs are handled by Sony techies, with all the Sony specialty bench tools designed for this camera... One more thing: I bought the aftermarket separate charger with 2 batteries for under $20.00 available here and at other venues... LOVE THIS CAMERA...!!!
camera|I won't overcook the review, because of the many comprehensive and excellent reviews already posted. Just a couple of hints to use this incredible little camera.1. Get a grip! This little puppy has a small gripping surface on the right, and may suddenly squirt out of your hand. Richard Franiec has a grip for sale on Amazon. It's metal and looks very well designed. Costly, though at about $40.00. I got a silicone grip on eBay for $21.00 it works great. It uses 3M stickon like the stuff that holds your auto badges on. I think a grip is a must. Amazon also sells a "flipbac grip" for about $10.00, and this appears almost identical to the one I ordered, but less costly. Should work fine.For those of you like me, who shoot mostly at aperture priority, here's a couple of things to save you time when setting up your camera especially for low light work without flash.2. With the aperture priority setting, the rings, front and back, work the same and control aperture. As you adjust the aperture, the speed follows to maintain the EV (exposure value). You can use either ring to adjust aperture; I prefer the rear one.At the bottom right of the LCD, aperture and speed are displayed. After you set your aperture for desired depth of field and/or light conditions, note the speed. If it is less than 1/8th sec, you'll need to up the iso. The camera's anti vibration system will give you a couple of stops, but, of course, won't stop artifacts from subject motion.Now how to set the function button to complete the scenario; Here's how mine is set.In the setup menu, under number 2 of the gear icon find the function setting. You have 7 functions to program optionally. I used 3. Set number 1 for iso, number 2 for white balance and number 3 for HDR to control shadows. When you press function the choices are displayed at the bottom of the LCD and selected by the rocker. Changes within each function are controlled by front or rear rings.Ready to take a picture: Set your aperture for desired depth of field using ring or wheel.a. Check aperture and speed at bottom right of LCD, If the speed is too low for a clear shot, press function and select ISO at the bottom of the LCD with the rocker. Increase ISO with the ring or rocker wheel till you get adequate speed for your aperture setting. With a large sensor at work, there is very little degradation below iso 1600. Once you press the function button, the front or rear wheels now control function button settings that are displayed at the bottom of the LCD. So rock to the desired function and ring to adjust within that function.b. Then select the white balance icon. If the screen does not look realistic, you can set it to one of the many temperature options. If none work out, use "custom". Then press the lower rocker to get the custom white balance grid and adjust accordingly with the rocker button. It's nice that the screen changes to reflect how adjustments will effect the shot.c. Last, if you want to exaggerate (or minimize) either contrast or shadows, select HDR and you'll get the HDR screen to allow more or less averaging of subject/background illumination. Very helpful for brightly lit subjects with dark backgrounds or vise verse. The camera will take 3 rapid shots, so be steady. Works well without a tripod, though if you set your ISO up enough.There are lots of other functions to select for your 7 slots such as picture effects, size, orientation, aspect ratio, exposure and flash compensation. If you use a function regularly, set it up and it'll be available at the bottom of the LCD when you press the function button.That's it. I found I could take pretty good low light shots with just these settings on aperture priority, getting depth of field and low light control within the understandable limitations of a camera having the RX100's focal length. It also has shutter priority, 3 memory programmable scenarios, and a fun to use panorama function as well. If depth of field is not an issue for outside shots, just use one of the auto settings. They work great, and the pictures have excellent depth and vibrancy in natural light.
camera|I've been using this camera for about 6 weeks now. Briefly, it blows me away.Before I get into details of the camera, my own background in perspective. I'm a total amateur, who has gone in and out love with photography as a hobby. I had a SLR back in the film days, but really a mid level camera with a couple different lenses. Around 2006, I purchased a dSLR -- The Sony Alpha A100. I chose that model, simply because it was compatible with the lenses I already owned. I built up my gear, around that camera. Added a tripod, added a (old used) fast prime lens. In 2011, I took my family to Disney World, and was constantly making use of the whole camera setup. That was the high point of my dSLR use. Then slowly, gradually, I felt like I was being weighted down by the camera. Too cumbersome to carry all the time. Even when it was strapped to my back, too much of a chore to change the lenses. So when planning another trip to Disney World in 2012, the Sony RX100 caught my attention. dSLR quality, in my pocket. Could it really be that good?I'm sure that the Sony RX100 will not measure up to a top-of-the-line 2012 model dSLR. But I am very confident that it will generally match up well against a current model entry level dSLR. And it gets significantly BETTER results than my old 2006 dSLR.So when looking at the pros and cons, how does it differ from my 2006 dSLR?Probably the 2 most important elements in any camera, are the lens and the sensor. dSLRs have significantly bigger sensors than point & shoot cameras. A bigger sensor can capture more light faster, and typically therefore can produce far better results. The Sony RX100 sensor is still smaller than dSLRs, but it is significantly larger than almost any other true compact camera on the market. While still smaller than my 6-year-old dSLR, I'm guessing advances in sensor technology over the 6 years, makes up for some of the size difference. Turning to the lens -- a dSLR camera can change lenses. the RX100 only has 1 lens, but WOW -- It is an amazing lens, made by a well respected brand in lenses. The lens stops down to a 1.8 aperture at the widest angle. For those who don't know aperture, it means that the lens opens very wide, allowing more light to reach the sensor, more quickly. On the "included" lens that comes with most dSLR cameras, then aperture is not nearly as wide.So combine the above-average-sized sensor for a point and shoot, with a top of the line lens -- And you get results consistently better than my 6-year-old dSLR, with mediocre lenses.This sensor/lens combination gives you a lot of advantages, comparable or even superior to some dSLR/lens combinations. It shoots VERY well in low light. Sensor "sensitivity" to light is measured in ISO. My old camera maxed out at 1600 ISO. So even with a very wide aperture, I wasn't able to take pictures on dark rides at Disney. The RX100 maxes out in manual mode at 6400. (there are some auto tricks that raise it even higher). With ISO 6400 and the wide aperture, I was capturing usable images of rides in the dark at Disney.Another great advantage of the wide aperture is bokeh -- The ability to take a picture with a blurred background. It's fairly easy to achieve with a dSLR AND an extra lens. The lens included with most entry level dSLRs, won't have a wide enough aperture to achieve this effect. The RX100 achieves it with fair success. My SLR, with an extra lens, can still do it a bit better. But the RX100 probably does it better than any other compact camera.Finally, the whole system focuses very quickly and accurately. Typically, SLRs focus much faster than compact cameras. The RX100 focuses MUCH faster than my 6-year-old dSLR. The focus speed feels comparable to most entry level DSLRs.For someone with a real or developing knowledge of photography, this camera has the advantage of very full manual control. You can take control over just about any of the settings, and can customize various menus and settings to your liking. While common in dSLRs, this is not found across compact cameras.The camera has the pro of it's 20 megapixel sensor combined with the ability to shoot in "RAW" mode. This allows you to capture huge amounts of data in every photograph, which opens a lot of possibilities in post processing.The camera has a whole array of special modes, that are becoming increasingly common across cameras.The best ones that are included:In camera HDR -- Automatically quickly snaps 3 images and combines them. In the past, I could only do HDR with post processing, and generally had to take the pictures with a tripod. Now I can do it, in camera, hand held.Panorama -- Works the same as the new iphone.Handheld low light and similar modes -- Much like HDR, it combines multiple images. In this case, it combines the image results to correct for low light, or correct for camera shake.There are multiple other modes. For example, I've had fun with the watercolor mode, which turns the photograph into a watercolor painting. Also selective color capture -- A black and white photograph, but with just 1 color showing through. These little things are a bit gimmicky and can be applied in post- processing. But if you want to avoid post-processing, then this can give you fun results right out of the camera.Whether used in automatic or manual modes, I am regularly blown away by the image quality of this camera. And that's what really matters.Now, the camera isn't perfect. There are some places where Sony made sensible compromises, and some other places where they just made mistakes.Sensible compromises:-The lens does not have a huge zoom. There are compact travel zoom cameras with 20X zoom. The RX100 is limited to about 4X optical zoom. (You can zoom further digitally). For most photographs, in most situations, this zoom is good enough. Further, with 20 megapixels to work with, you can easily crop to get a more zoomed-in result. But you're not going to be photographing a lady bug from 50 feet away. I listed this as a sensible compromise, because to build a lens with the quality of the RX100 AND with a massive zoom, the lens alone could cost $1,000+. The mega zoom lenses found on compact cameras typically have a mediocre quality. They don't have the aperture ability of build quality of the RX100.-No GPS or WiFi. These are becoming more common in cameras. I like GPS data built into the picture personally. But these things are easy to live without. They don't affect picture quality. And leaving these items out, helped keep the price from becoming ridiculous.- No touch screen. I don't even love touch screens. Probably left out, to help keep the price down.- No optical viewfinder. No hot shot, to allow addition of a viewfinder or external flash. I suspect this was primarily done to help keep the size of the camera down. A compromise I'm willing to accept, to keep this camera truly a "compact."Mistakes -- Not many.- No external charger. 3rd parties already are coming out with chargers, but 1 should have come with the camera. As sold, the battery can only be charged in the camera.- Flimsy door for charging/USB. Speaking of the in-camera charging, the door to the port feels flimsy and feels like it is going to fall off every time I open it.Some final thoughts.Comparing this camera to a true dSLR, the pros and cons are obvious. A dSLR, with a larger sensor and the ability to change lenses, gives you a much broader range of possibilities, with higher potential quality. But it's big, cumbersome. And to get all those lenses, you need to invest more and more money. In contrast, the RX100 fits in your pocket, and in MOST situations, can give you pictures quite comparable to a dSLR. In that context, the price of the RX100 is a bargain. It's about the same price as the entry level dSLR, but you don't need to invest more in lenses.Where you enter a grayer area, is the wide assortment of bridge cameras/mirrorless cameras. There are an increasing number of cameras that are smaller than dSLRs, but still slightly larger than a true compact. Some of these cameras have interchangeable lenses, some have fixed lenses. They may also have sensors somewhere between compacts and SLRs. Within this category, you may find cameras of similar quality to the RX100, at a similar price. They will be larger than the RX100, but not as large as a dSLR. So for many people, this whole group of cameras may be a consideration as well.Anyone who loves photography, will enjoy the RX100. It won't replace a dSLR for all people in all situations. But it can accomplish remarkable results for a tiny camera.
camera|Finally another product from Sony where they are fully capable to display their multifaceted engineering capabilities.Pros: Beautiful, neutral and accurate colors, class leading resolution and sharpness even with jpegs, slr-level dynamic range in DRO auto mode, usable iso 3200, minute size, very usable optical range, fast focusing - even in video. Endless menu options, very customizable user interface, PASM mode in video, high bit rate, silky smooth 1080/60P videos, very good low light videos (only 3 lux needed!) and photos at the indoor friendly 28mm focal length. Good battery life. LCD is perfectly acceptable in sunlight - no real need for evf. I consider the usb charging a plus.Cons: lack of wifi and gps - but hey they will have to add something next year too! Should do electronic shutter in stills too, since mechanical shutter goes only to 1:2000. (video shutter goes MUCH higher.)Essentially this camera achieved what all the other mirrorless cameras failed to: pocketable camera with slr quality with the best "kit" lens ever made.
camera|I got rid of a Canon S100 to get this camera. The S100 was a great camera but if the price of this one doesn't scare you away then this would be the better one in my opinion. While the S100 took great photos the RX100 takes them better and packs more in features. I really like the panoramic sweep pic mode, the s100 lacked this feature yet sony has been having it for years. You can still stitch photos in the S100 to make panoramic photos but this camera makes it so much easier with one sweeping shot. I was a little disappointed that the panoramic pic mode doesn't work well at night but I was expecting this since the shutter needs to take multiple quick shots in low light within a seconds to create the picture. You can still stitch multiple night pics together instead of using this mode if needed. I thought the extra photo effects would be gimmicky but I found the illustration and hdr painting mode to be really neat effects without the need to edit the photos on my computer. The S100 was limited to a 15 second shutter speed but with the RX100 I am able to go up to 30 seconds! There was one feature the S100 had that I really liked and the RX100 is lacking which is the built in ND filter. I really liked this feature as it helped make it more possible to use slower shutter speeds in conditions with a bit more light. There's a few things I really wish were included for the hefty price-wifi, nd filter, 10x or greater optical zoom. An external battery charger would of been nice as well but since I can use the same mini usb charger for my phone to charge this camera, then that's one less thing I have to carry around with me. IF you're looking for the best bang for the buck for a compact camera that takes great quality photos, get the S100 which costs currently almost half the price of this camera. If you want a pocketable camera that takes the best quality photos out right now then get the RX100
camera|Needed a new DC since the old one is a bit outdated with biggest flaw as image quality not at a par with current DCs. Has to choose between Leica D-Lux 6, Panasonic LX7 (the least expensive one) and this Sony one (due to rave reviews from the internet, TIME and NY Times.)Attractive features:1. Excellent image quality - fine details, little noise in low light (even better than Nikon D300) due to the 1" sensor2. Extremely high pixel count, allowing great details recorded especially at wide angle shot where people on the streets can still be seen reasonably3. Pleasant colors (Zeiss lens does not disappoint)4. Superb focusing (very, very quick)5. Easy to use Fcn button (no manual but once you press a button, there are a few lines explaining what to do; can also get tips from the internet very easily)6. Sweeping panaroma is an eye-opening feature7. Long lasting battery and quick to turn on the camera and start shooting8. Very small size and light weight but quality and build is superb. Also the camera is designed that the weight is well distributed around the thin body, minimizing handshake problem (image stablization highly satisfactory).9. Last but not least, very good looking with right proportions as a small camera should beNeeds to improve1. Macro not as close as I hope to be (remedy: cropping, due to high pixels, the crop stills looks wonderful)2. Starts at 28 mm (not 24 mm). At the far end 100mm, the aperture is a little bit small.3. Sony NEX 5n and 6 still produces photos of less noise. However their size with the lens will be much bigger, if not too heavy4. Price a bit steep (I might have waited a bit before buying this, but the photos are really good so do not want to wait)All in all, no regrets in buying this camera. Can bring it along everyday.
camera|This camera takes amazing pictures. I've been waiting for years for a small pocket-sized camera that could take SLR quality pictures. This is it.The low light pictures are phenomenal. I think it sees better than I do. I have yet to take a flash picture, because the results using a high ISO are so good. On top of that, the 1080 HD video is superb. This is the perfect travel camera.Well, not quite perfect. It has some minor irritations:The first is the documentation. Many features are barely explained. For example, want to know how close the Macro can focus? You won't find it in the manual (about 2 inches). Want to know why the zoom vibrates about 3 times a second when it is in continuous focus mode? No explanation. Because there was no explanation, I thought it might be defective, so I got on Sony's chat on-line with a Rep who said that it is supposed to behave that way because continuously varying the zoom is used to determine the proper focus. I still find it hard to believe. Sony could have explained quite a bit more with their in-camera documentation. The context sensitive help often has obvious un-helpful explanations (kinda reminds me of Microsoft) like the explanation for Manual Focus: "Focuses manually". Duh!The second is the confusing layout for all the options. The menus are overwhelming. All the features that can go in the function button are also in the menus. Four of them are pre-assigned to navigation wheel (display, exposure adjustment, flash and drive mode), and 7 can go in the function list. Those Eleven settings can be remapped by the user. With all this variation, I found that I could could not get the one function I wanted under a button -- setting a custom white balance. I can map all the white balance settings to a button, but I still have to navigate a menu to get to the custom white balance adjustment. If you put the white balance on the function list, you cannot set the custom white balance from that location! Oh well.Second is the control ring. It could have been better. It is hard to use it to zoom because it takes too much of a turn to go from wide angle to full telephoto. If you go to slow it gets jerky. When it transitions (in video) into digital zoom the zoom speed changes. It really should feel like a mechanical zoom, but it doesn't. Same too with focus. There is no feedback that lets you know where the focus is when you are starting. Nothing that helps you figure out which way to turn the ring when everything is out of focus. Is it focusing on infinity or 5 inches? No way to know if everything is blurry. Fortunately, there is DMF (no explanation in the documentation for what the "D" means) that focuses automatically, and then you can adjust the focus with the ring. That, along with the "peaking color" which shows you what in the picture is in focus, makes the manual focus usable. I'd prefer a focus indicator that doesn't distort the picture you are trying to compose. The focus ring changes function in different modes, and you can alter some of them. What it changes to, and in which mode, and which modes can be altered can be confusing and awkward. If you set it to zoom, you might be frustrated when it no longer adjusts the f-stop in manual mode.Third is the playback button. Pushed once when the camera is off and it will turn on. A second push will activate the camera lens, and this seems like it could be dangerous to the mechanism if it gets jostled in a camera bag. I will probably remove the battery if I think it might get bumped to much.Fourth is the lack of accessories. You'd think for this price that you'd get an HDMI cable (it has a micro jack) or make a power supply that also charges a spare battery. Heck, for the price you'd think they could put in a spare battery! Adding the possibility for Audio-in would be nice for video recording.Fifth is the price. It is pricey. But it really has no competition even with its quirks. It is an amazing achievement, and I expect to see competition from all the other major camera makers in the next year or so, which should bring down the price.A suggestion if you purchase this camera. I found little difference in performance with a SanDisk extreme or a Transcend Class 10 SD card. The San Disk is 3 times faster, but the camera's top writing speed seems to be close to the speed of the Transcend card -- about 15 MB/sec. In burst mode (JPGs), the San Disk was slightly faster. I clocked it at 2.3 pictures per second, compared to the Transcend which went at 2.0 pictures per second. The video works with a class 4 card according to Sony, so the only difference is burst mode.----------------Update 1/15/2013--------------For those of you interested in burst shooting in Raw Mode, the speed of your card WILL make a difference, and I'd recommend the SanDisk extreme. I find that the automatic settings that SONY uses to make a JPEG are as good or better than what I can do manually using their software. I don't have much experience with RAW, but the JPEGs are so good, I don't see much point to learn. However, if burst shooting of RAW photos is important to you, get a very fast card.Also, the speed of the camera will slow down significantly as your memory card fills up. An empty Class 6 transcend card will be faster than my nearly full SanDisk extreem.
camera|Up to now, advanced hobbyist photographers had to make a tradeoff between portability and quality. No more. This camera can take shots as good -and sometimes better- as my trusted DSLR.Take a look at my sample shots at [...]PORTABILITYThis camera fits in my hand, in my pocket and in my laptop bag. In fact, I am using the case for my wife's Lumix TZ8. I can bring this camera with me anywhere.One big advantage is safety: if you travel to places that are not 100% safe, any potential robber would mistake it with a cheap $200 camera. More importantly, you will nevr have to leave this camera in a hotel room, on the trunk of your car, or will have to carry a big backpack with camera and accessories.Why this is size so important? You miss 100% of the shots you can't take because you cannot bring your camera. Because this is a camera you will carry anywhere. There have been many business trips, weekend opportunities and just in the moment photo opportunities where it was not practical or safe to bring my big DSLR. That is no longer a problem with a portable camera like this that gives me all the quality and control I need as an experienced photographer.The only downside to size it that it looks pretty ridiculous to have this camera mounted on a tripd (as I did last night taking skyline shots at dusk) and that you don't have the `professional' look of sdomeone carrying a large camera with a big lens, which sometimes is useful getting access to normally unavailable areas for tourists.QUALITYSony has been improving the quality of its digital cameras steadily for the last few years. In February of 2011 I got a HX5V which was quite impressive, and delivered quality images even when compared with a DSLR except for low-light and other tricky situations. I traded it for a Canon PowerShot S95 which was a step ahead but still suffered from high noise levels in low light settings.What makes this camera unique is a 1" CMOS sensor. It is the only camera in this class or in similar size with a sensor this big. The law of physics is very simple: larger sensor, higher quality and lower noise. Sure you could get a NEX-5 with an even bigger sensor for slightly better quality but you would be stuck with a much, much larger camera, especially because of the size of the lens, and a much higher price.Combined with a minimum aperture of f/1.8, Carl Zeiss optics and a lot of cool features from Sony such as the Auto HDR and very cool camera effects, it is an amazing camera. After a week of playing with it I am wondering why would the average person need anything more than this camera.Last, I really love the on-screen information (and the quality of the display), especially the level indicator that helps you shoot straight pictures.EASE OF USEDon't let the power scare you away from this camera. As most point and shoot cameras, this one has an `auto' mode that is usually quite good at getting the right settings for each shot. If you ar enot an expert, you will feel at home with the Sony RX100 camrea having used any pocket digital camera, and you will enjoy the high quality it delivers.I found the menus to be intuitive, the camera feels solid and built with high quality materials.AREAS OF IMPROVEMENTProcessing speed takes a few seconds, but given the quality of the effects I would be surprised if they took significantly less time. Still, often you have to wait a second or two after a shot if you use advanced in-camera processing such as HDR.The 3.6 Zoom goes to 105mm I think, which is fine for most situations but could be nice to have a 200mm 9equivalent) zoom. I know adding such a zoom would require a larger lens so I rather keep the portability as is. Further, with 20 megapixels, you can zoom in to your photos easily in post production.Overall, if you are an experienced hobbyist or a semi-professional photographer looking for a camera to take always with you, or a backup/alternative to your big clunky DSLR, don't look any further. This is it.
camera|I've had this camera since mid-August. I would estimate I have taken several thousand photos with it. I gave it 5 stars when I first started using it. I give it 5 stars today. I've had more fun with this camera, and captured a higher percentage of great shots, than with any camera I've ever owned.Just to establish my bona fides, I'll tell you that I have been an avid photographer for 40 years. I have considerable experience with fine cameras and good photography.I still use professional-grade Nikon film cameras, Canon DSLRs, and Mamiya medium format cameras. I also have used a number of higher quality Canon and Panasonic pocket digitals.The Sony RX100 EASILY blows away any pocket camera I've ever used, and in some cases it outperforms even my best 'professional' equipment.It's embarrassing to admit that most of my best photos from the past two months were shot, not with my digital DSLRs, but with my Sony RX100. How come? You've heard "the best camera is the one you have with you." The RX100 is the first camera that's so good, and so small, that I take it with me almost everywhere I go. I'm capturing more great images than ever because I finally have a near-professional quality camera with me nearly all the time.Make no mistake, this is a complex camera with a bewildering array of features. While it captures great images on full automatic, it will deliver its best results in the hands of advanced enthusiasts who understand, say, the relationship between aperture and shutter speed. The RX100's advanced capabilities will largely be wasted on duffers who never take their cameras off automatic. But if you are an experienced photographer, believe me: this camera will dazzle you with what it can do.The Sony RX100 is not a replacement for a DSLR in the hands of a highly skilled professional or advanced amateur. But if you're like me, you may find it's the first GREAT camera you can actually USE to shoot great pictures you would have missed because you didn't want to bother with taking a 'real' camera with you.
camera|Why do I say that Sony is not....It use to be when you bought a camera you would get a complete printed manual. Well we've gotten use to the manual on a PDF on a CD. Sony decided you don't need a full printed manual, and don't need a CD. So you go to the web site, and you will find a manual which you can "view". But there is no PDF of a full manual which you can Download. They do include a 31 page mini manual. I don't find this very helpful or thoughtful to customers...especially since the RX100 is full of features, many of which are not intuitive.Some examples: "Clear Image Zoom" - this is apparently intuitive to the user! Turn it on, and you will have enabled digital zoom, even though you have digital zoom turned off. This has the effect of disabling certain functions such as metering mode, and the Autofocus seletion square.Auto Port. Framing...could use a better explanation;What is the difference between "Long Exposure NR" and "High ISO NR" --- I think I can guess on this one. But an explanation would be useful.Peaking Level ...even after reading the mini-manual one liner on what this is, I have no idea. But once you figure it out, then move on to "Peaking Color" and figure that out.I couldn't find a Macro setting, other than in the scene mode. But it didn't seem to give you any more Macro than if you just use Program Mode. So not sure what the purpose of Macro Scene Mode is.I have focused this review on the points in the camera where Sony has fallen short...which could all be cured by a readily available Full Manual. The camera itself is wonderful.* Excellent lens; lens is very fast, F/1.8, when shooting wide. As you zoom, it quickly moves to 2.8, 3.2 and when fully extended is at F4.9.* Very small, and pocketable form factor. Not quite as small as the Canon S100/S95, but still easily fits in your pocket;* Program mode is fantastic. You can turn the front ring and change the corresponding Aperture and Shutter speeds...and see the whole thing visually on the LCD screen as you do it...Very very nice.* Front lens cover is built in, and automatically opens and retracts.* Lots of automated in camera process controls...many people like this. I'm not a big fan as too many times it disables certain other controls that disappear unexpectedly. I recommend disabling (turning off all the automatic doo-dads like digital zoom, clear image zoom, Face Priority Tracking, picture effect)I recommend enabling the following: * Grid Line rule of 3rds * Steady Shot * Focus Mode to Single shot AF, Autofocus Area set at Center * Control Ring = Standard * Control Ring Display = On * Function 1= Metering Mode; Function 2= Creative Style or ISO; Function 3- Creative Style or ISO; Function 4 - DRO/Auto HDR; Function 5 = White Balance (this is all a matter of your personal preferences of course) * Func of Center Button = StandardYou'll enjoy the camera...Sony could have made it more enjoyable by giving you some way to download the complete manual.
camera|Pros:- Image quality superb, better than a lot of DSLR (and m4/3) and light years better than compacts available (I've already had the flawled Canon S100, Canon G10, Sony TX100V, Sony HX9V, Fuji 550, Sony DSC-N2, Panasonic ZS-10). Sony created a whole different category.- F1.8 Lens amazing at low light, tele end f4.9 not so much- Tiltable flash with 90 makes amazing indoor pictures.- The video is unbelivable, I burn AVCHD DVDs to play on blu-ray and it is better than my store bought blu-rays.- Full manual controls.- Microphone's position perfect for low noise during windy days.- Pocket size with a 1" sensor is amazing, 20 MP picture simply perfect at 100% crop, even at low ISO.- Super quick and smart focusCons:- Pop-up flash have to be manually closed.- Pocketable yes, but not on a tight jeans or shirt pocket. It would fit, but might look weird...Update 19/12/2012:- ZOOM WHILE VIDEO IS REEEEALLY SLOW!!- COLORS ON AUTO MODE ARE WEIRD LOOKING (COLD AND DARK), IF YOU ARE NOT A PROFESSIONAL, PICTURES COLORS MIGHT LOOK A LOT DIFFERENT FROM THE POINT-AND-SHOOT CAMERAS...- FLASH IS OVER EXPOSED ON AUTO MODE.Still the best compact camera for professionals, not perfect for the amateur photographer...
camera|This review is for pro photo/videographers who are buying this as a pocket cam. You will be pleased I think. Using firmware 1.0 for this review.My preferred settings lean toward cinematography where all-manual operation is used most often, and it's cool a pocket camera supports that way of working now. For photographers, there are cool features such as DMF focus (much like autofocus with full time manual override), AEL lock can be set to the center button, etc. They did not dumb down the computer inside this from the Alpha or NEX levels it seems.You can get the Freniec grip when it comes out but I suggest instead a bottom handle for video such as BARSKA Accu Grip Handheld Tripod System (which is too small for larger hands, but is fine for such a light payload) if not one of the cowboy studio plastic shoulder rigs. This will work well on the flycam nano I think. It has optical image stabilization "steadyshot" in concert with digital IS and both crop the image a bit. There are separate SteadyShot settings for stills and video, "Active" is stronger crop factor than "Standard" which would be for more stable situations. It works well enough for me to handhold 1/20th OK for stills and doesn't look bad on video.Tragically, there is no 24p, but there is 60p (or 50p in those countries, can't have both in one body, I figure they are trying to prevent gray market sales with that restriction). The 60p should be shot at 1/60th shutter speed or faster, you will have motion artifacting below that. The problem of course is 1/60th at 60fps looks too clear and smooth to be cinematic, it's video. But "nearest neighbor" rate conforming works OK, and retiming rate conform, to make 40% slo-mo, works fine too, although not a really impressive slo-mo like an FS700 can do. There is no timelapse support and no remote to workaround that with.For creative style, I suggest Standard -3, -3, -3. You could do -2 saturation but you are trading off detail in the reds with rich redness. Dynamic range optimizer you might get away with, it doesn't seem to change much while shooting when not on Auto, and boosts the shadows for a flatter response curve. It does not affect the highlights like Canon's HTP. I like to shoot somewhat flat and push in post so maybe DRO 1 is a good thing. There is a handy meter offset next to the aperture readout that tells you what it thinks you should adjust in EVs, based on the metering mode you have selected.There is a lot of coarse blue noise at ISO 3200. DRO boosts this noise a lot, so I would only use DRO at low ISO if ever. The worst thing for video regarding noise is you can't prevent digital zoom from being available...it is locked on in movie mode, and if you zoom past optical (there is a visual detente but not a practical one really) your noise profile will change (to coarser) and that may defeat your NR profiles you are applying, causing headaches. They should allow the disabling of digital zoom in movie mode, even though in daylight it's good.Macro is available, to the 2 inch point, only at the widest end, which is fine. The minimum focus distance is 18 inches or so full tele. Video AF is usable, manual of course is better, but it's nice for run and gun and the manual control ring turns to Aperture control which is very cool for rapidly controlling exposure. Aperture changes this way are far smoother than on Canons. The plastic, but tough looking lens barrel retracts midway a bit but it always out when on.I suggest a screen protector for the LCD as you want this in your pocket guilt-free, otherwise there is no point. The LCD is good, VGA but bright. You could glue on a cheap magnetic loupe to make it an EVF (and cheesycam is coming out with magnetic CP and ND filters for the lens) I suppose. There is a micro HDMI port on the bottom, immediately next to the tripod mount, which makes it hard to use without a clever 1/4-20 rig, which I found I could do. Worse is the battery and memory compartment cannot be accessed period without unmounting from tripod. Odd restriction.Another odd restriction is all the JPEG-only things can't be done in RAW + JPEG. Why can't I have both an HDR photo and its RAW ingredients? My 5D3 allows this. So if stuff doesn't work it may be a mode restriction. HDR of 6EV range looks more like 3EV range, but it is nicely graded and not like one of those paintings (though that may be one of the picture styles built in).I often prefer Kelvin white balances which this allows (Canon restricts that to pro bodies), though the color shift thing is a bit coarse for fine adjustment on the RX100. It's very easy to set up custom white balance compared to Canons, but for some reason they make you switch to a stills mode to do it. Expose the still properly and aim at a neutral spot. It will apply to movie mode when you switch, automatically.The bokeh is bit wooly especially toward the corners but there is in-camera correction of CA and distortion and the centers are terrific, which is fine. This isn't the quality of an APS-C sensor camera like the Rebel, but it is better than any pocketable camera I know of. There is good and shallow DOF available at all focal lengths.The manual control ring can indeed get stuck on a tripod plate (it protrudes past the bottom edge a touch) so you will have to use smaller plates or deftly avoid the conflict. Peaking cannot be assigned to a function button but I just leave it on when in manual focus. Bracketing is a drive mode and offers 0.3 or 0.7 stop options, but they seem broader range than described and work fine. There is WB bracketing if you are odd like that.Controls are somewhat customizable, I have white balance to the left of the dial (instead of drive mode), ISO to the right (instead of flash), and AF/MF control toggle on the center. I put a bunch of what moved into the Fn button array. The movies are kept apart from the stills, even in the internal player, and are down in PRIVATE/AVCHD/Stream. MF assist is really nice I think, it temporarily zooms in automatically in stills mode, but tragically, not movie mode. Pressing the center button gives takes the zoom from 8.6x to 17x for micro-fine peepling. You can't get the histogram in movie mode, but can in stills. You can get the electronic level before and during recording in movie mode if you need it.You can use ISO1600, 1/60th and f/1.8 and a bit of NR in post to get decent dark indoor film shots. Variable aperture means zooms wide open will change in brightness, but it's smart and if you set the aperture at all above max it holds it during zoom. In-camera NR settings didn't seem to affect video but I didn't test much. Movie mode is available in most mode dial settings but most likely you'll just want to use the movie mode. There are three memory positions, not terribly fast to access like the 5D3, and they don't save things like Peaking on/off. They do save Steadyshot on/off, and other things.In image review you can toggle the zoom rocker to zoom in on the shot you just took without pressing play, and it brings you right in for a pixel peep to check sharpness which is nice. The big manual control ring has a long throw but no hard stops, and it can take some wrenching to go from macro to infinity. No setting available to tweak that. In playback you can use the zoom rocker too, and while zoomed, turning the value wheel skips you forward or back an image.Self-portrait mode is clever for timer shots, it just waits until you are in the image, and seeing your face, it shoots every 3 sec until you leave the picture. Speed priority continuous shooting is very fast but the card I had (transcend class 10) only let it take a half dozen-odd shots before buffer stall. I tried a 95MB/sec UHS-1 Sandisk Extreme Pro card to see if that does run faster here, and no, it does not run faster than the Transcend class 10 in the RX100. No spare batteries, no DAM RAW support yet, no external battery charger, it's the bleeding edge here in July 2012, by fall those should all be sorted. I ordered a USB portable li-ion charger thing (Anker 10KmAh) which works (with Sony's USB cable, not Anker's) but only when powered off. Battery life is meh, but it's small OK. Note that the play button will turn the camera on just like the power button (is that a bug?), so you might lose battery (and uh-oh, even have the lens extend with two presses) if you don't protect the play button in your pocket.Sound recording is fine enough internally, no control or i/o. Zoom happens slower and quieter when filming. Shutter noise is low in general, not much OIS noise. ? button doubles as trash icon...not sure why those labels weren't reversed, delete is much more common than the superficial help that screen provides.You can record 29:50 continuously at 60p. The camera is warm to the touch after that time in a 70F room but not hot. You can fit five of those shots on a 32GB card (roughly 2.5hours of 60p). I am annoyed the USA version camera doesn't shoot 50p (which would conform better to 24p @1/50th) yet has the European 29 minute video restriction...you would think it would be one way or the other.Anyway those are my random thoughts after 24 hours shooting with this cute thing. Everyone loves it, and the images are quite nice indeed. Share your preferred settings in the comments please.
camera|I had originally been waiting for NEX-5R's release but, after (too much) pondering, ended up buying the RX100 two days before the former's announcement. Did not regret the decision even the slightest. Aside from all those technical wonders mentioned by the 100 positive reviews before me, here is why the little camera did it for me:1. Easy auto modes - I'm not a photographer or even an enthusiast, but I like to see whatever photo I take come out good (in this camera's case, exceptional) with the least amount of fidgeting.2. Compact - Knowing myself, I would probably consider even the NEX too cumbersome to take around which would end up collecting dust. This camera fits in my pants pocket, though it does leave a pretty big bulge once in there.3. Sensitive - For a point and shoot, the low light performance is just crazy good. It's perfect to catch my active three-year-old even in nighttime events. No, really, I mean it. Crazy good (though within reason).4. Video - 1080P 60 FPS video is almost as good in low light as the camera is when taking pictures. I took videos of fireworks with smooth, clear results. Also, while recording your video, you can zoom in/out *and* take 17 mpix stills at the same time!5. Ease of manual focus - Auto focus, while fast, sometimes doesn't get the right spots. The ring at the front for manual focus does a phenomenal job with peaking. Though I sometimes wish the camera would read my mind on what I would like to focus on so I can always catch those spontaneous moments... One can dream, right? ;) *Update Sep 14 - DMF focus mode + Center focus area work almost 100% of the time for me now.6. Flash - I never had a habit of using the flash because I had always thought they felt more detrimental to the picture with than without. The flash on this camera can be tilted to shoot at the ceiling and give a more natural feel while used indoors. It makes the flash on this camera a pleasure to use.As for all those complaints about RAW conversion and stuff - it doesn't matter to me as I'm perfectly content with the JPEG pictures.That said, what I don't really like are:1. Probably my own problem since my hands sweat so much, but it's really easy to leave nasty fingerprint smudges on the metal chassis.2. That USB cover is really flimsy-feeling and I fear for its longevity.3. No flip screen makes self-photos hard, which I like to take.4. Processing time after taking each photo is a little too long for my liking. Has occasionally costed me the opportunity to take another shot right after the first one. This is from ONLY using auto and scene modes. I haven't tried more manual modes yet so that may be better as I learn more about the little thing. *Update Sep 14 - Learned that manual modes that don't require heavy image processing save pictures almost instantaneously. Check comments for details.I also purchased CaseLogic TBC-302 and JOBY GorillaPod Micro 250. With the latter placed in the former's front pocket, the camera fits the case well, although you do need to take care when zipping up the case. Some may fear the zipper may accidentally scratch the chassis, but in my few days of use it has not left a single noticeable mark.Anyway, I know a lot of people say "this is a camera for photographers to have as a second camera to their DSLR," but I would also strongly recommend this camera to those like me, who don't own a DSLR but like to easily take amazing photos anywhere, anytime (and don't mind the price tag).
camera|Overall, this is an excellent compact, "advanced" P&S camera from Sony. A great combination of large sensor, fast lens, and small form factor makes it an ideal camera for travel. Here are my pros and cons:Pros:* Overall great image quality from ISO 100-400; very good (although slightly soft) image quality at ISO 800* JPEG quality is very good, with nice colors and DR, although RAW is best* Low light capability is exceptional for this class of camera* Typical-Sony outstanding video quality (esp. 1080/60p mode)* Nice, solid build quality* Small enough to fit inside virtually any pocketCons:* Lens could be faster: It's only f1.8 at its widest, and drops to 4.9 at tele.* A little over-aggressive noise reduction at times* Flash doesn't always come on, even when it should (even on Auto)* No GPS; No WiFi; No 3D panorama mode* Short battery life* High priceI also have other compact cameras like the Sony HX20V and Fuji X10. The RX100 isn't as full-featured like its cheaper brother, the HX20V, but the larger sensor obviously makes it take better low-light pictures. The Fuji X10 doesn't have as large of a sensor as the RX100, but its overall faster lens, lets it take comparable pictures as the RX100 (some better, some worse).
camera|Awesome camera.Let me start by saying that I am a chronic review reader and gear nut. I love my gear almost as much as my photographs. I am also not easy to please, given my other two kits are a 5D Mark II and an OM-D E-M5.This camera produces the best image files (by a country mile) of any camera remotely close to this size. ISO 125-400 is definitely the sweet spot for the little guy and with enough light, i.e. outdoor shots, the resolution rivals the 5D II. I know that sounds crazy but it is true. Sony hit a home run with the lens / sensor combo.Keep in mind, it cannot perform miracles in low light or for fast moving subjects. Also anything above 800 ISO starts to look a little rough, although I have not had a chance to play with the RAW files in LR4 (waiting for adobe to release an update). The f/1.8 is only available at the very widest focal length but it is still very helpful to have, and f/4.9 is not terrible for the long end. The focus is quick and accurate. Colors and Metering are also great.The only feasible addition that would have made the RX100 even better and warranted a 5-star rating would have been touchscreen focus and touch shutter release. Changing focus points is not hard, but that would have made the camera even more transparent. I cannot understand why Sony did not include this given the touch focus already exists on the NEX-5n. I guess they are saving some tricks for the next generation.Also, the size takes a little getting used two. It's TINY!!!! This is great for pocketing the camera but not as great for keeping it steady. I will also say the in-body stabilization on the OM-D is much better than the Steady-shot on the Sony RX-100. Still, it definitely helps.Overall, the RX100 makes a great, easily pocketable camera for sightseeing, landscapes and well lit conditions. Thinner DOF is much more attainable than any previous ultra compact. It performs admirably in lower light conditions, given what it is; a camera that is credit card sized and ways next to nothing. I humiliates the likes of the S100, LX5, etc. Just don't expect to get the performance in low light that you can get from a larger sensor (M43, APS-C, FF) and brighter, bigger glass.Thanks for reading, hope this is helpful.
camera|Camera technology is advancing at a staggering pace. We've reached a point where amateur users can pick up a compact point and shoot camera and take shots rivaling those of a fullsized SLR of just 5 years ago. The RX100 is that camera. I myself was lugging around a Sony Alpha A57, which is a current generation SLR. I found that as a casual user despite the features and detachable lens capability I just didn't want to carry a camera bag around with me everywhere. I even left it at home on a trip to europe, opting to take shots with an iphone instead, how sad!The RX100 is a close to perfect camera for someone who wants SLR quality photos without having to carry around a large camera an several lenses. In my opinion the best features are:Picture quality-20 MP and a 1" sensor makes for really nice pics.Lens-The zoom is impressive for a camera if this sizeShooting mode-The intelligent auto+ mode takes any guesswork out of most shooting situations, picking the best mode.Control-The camera will shoot in manual mode and raw format if you're not an entirely casual user.Video-1080p, the quality is very good.So, cons? There are a few:Price-Yes, you're paying a premium for a pocket point and shoot, the price of an entry level SLR camera in fact.Size-Yes it's a 'pocket' camera. If you're wearing baggy jeans. If you're a skinny jeans wearing hipster forget about it, or forget about putting anything else in your pocket. Goes fine in a jacket though.Flash-Not that the flash doesn't work, but it's a popup that's right where your left index finger will sit when taking shots. A little annoying.Charging-No external charger for the battery, really Sony? I have to plug in the camera to charge a battery? What if I want to leave one charging while I'm out and about?Other than that it's hard to find fault with this camera. It takes better pics than a camera this size has any business taking. I just wish I had this camera a few months earlier and saved myself the iphone shots around Prague.
camera|I've had many cameras over the years, from film to digital, including the Canon 20D, 40D (L lens 24-70), and, currently, Nikon D300 (2.8 24-70). I wanted a capable camera I could carry around anywhere, anytime. I got the Canon S100, and was happy with it -- even though I found the shutter lag to be frustrating. I lost that camera while on vacation, and replaced it with the Sony RX100. This Sony is my favorite camera ever.The RX100 menus, and customizable buttons and dials, seem to provide much better access to functions than does the S100. I use the movable spot focus a lot. Sony allows you to assign that function to a specific botton, for quick access. Maybe the S100 does as well, but I never found a way to do it. Instead, I had to go through several button clicks to get to the movable focus spot. While the S100 did allow you to link the movable focus spot and the spot meter, the RX100 does not seem to have a movable spot meter, linkable to the focus spot or not; it's fixed in the center. But it does allow easy AE lock, again by assigning that function to a specific botton. I'm sure I never learned the S100 as well as it can be learned, but I've had this Sony for less than a week, and I already feel more control over my picture taking than I did with the S100.The autofocus is great. Really, really sharp. Overall, I'm very happy with IQ, from focus, to exposure, to low light performance.On the downside, the camera is a bit slow to start up, and even slower to shut down. It is slow in writing images to the SD card. But for speed from click to capture, it's been great.UPDATE -- 8/15: Just returned from vacation. This camera did not disappoint. The controls allowed me to set the camera as I wished quickly and easily. I especially like using the center spot meter to lock the exposure as I wanted, then to use the movable focus point to focus on my intended subject. There was hardly a dud among the nearly 1000 photos I took. Image quality is great. I'm very, very happy with this camera.
camera|Expectations where very high when I purchased this little camera. Nearly every review hailed the RX100 as the best compact camera available today. I do photography as a hobby and like to carry a general purpose camera everywhere with me.I have previously owned a Canon S100 but sold it due to underwhelming performance and an E18 lens error. I rarely use my DSLR anymore and figured a solid compact camera I could take anywhere would encourage me to take more photos. I've been using the RX100 for a couple of months and here are my impressions so far:Pros:-Image Quality: I've owned roughly a dozen compact cameras over the last six years including an S100, several Panasonic travels zooms, a Sony HX9V, Nikon P100, etc. They're all had their pluses but in terms of overall image quality (especially low light), the RX100 blows them all out of the water. Photos taken at 1600 ISO are perfectly usable; something I would never have thought with a compact. Overall, images look great!-Build quality: The camera exudes quality. It feels solid and well built. Hopefully it will last for years and be reliable.-Ergonomics: I have large hands and the camera feels comfortable to hold and use. I ordered a Richard Franiec grip because at times the camera felt a bit slippery. The buttons are small but that has never really been a problem.-Screen: the screen is sharp and reasonably bright although I found it slightly too dim in direct sunlight. There is a mode to boost the brightness however.-Customization: I like the ability to customize some of the keys on the back. Also, you are able to customize the menu of the Fn button for frequently used settings making it easy to change things like metering mode and focus points on the fly.-Video: the video quality is great. The camera records in stereo. Zoom and AF are available while shooting.-Battery: battery life is good, not great. However, I do appreciate that a genuine Sony battery is around $30; very reasonable in my book. My old Panasonic took $50 genuine batteries. You can always go third party as well and I am sure there are plenty of fine choices.-Autofocus: the AF is very fast and reasonably accurate. No complaints in this department.-Flash: the flash itself is average and I never really use it. What is nice however, is the ability to bounce the flash. It really does work in some situations and is a nice compromise to a full flash.-Display modes: Sony has a nice way of showing basic shot info in a black bar at the bottom of the screen during shooting; no overlaying icons on your image. You can see more info but this is a nice, uncluttered way of displaying shutter speed, aperture, EV, and ISO.Cons:-Control ring: the control ring is a great way to change functions and the RX100's ring has a nice weighty resistance but it just takes too long to go through settings. Say you're in aperture priority mode and you want to change from f/1.8 to f/8 you have to sit there turning the ring far too many times. It just isn't sensitive enough. I ended up disabling the ring and just using the control wheel on the back of the camera. I am sure this is something they could change with a firmware/software update in the future.-Macro focusing: at times the camera struggles to focus up close at 28mm even past the minimal distance.-Playback: videos and images are stored in separate folders. This seems like a really awkward way to organize files. Also, when you zoom during playback it defaults to 100% as opposed to starting incrementally from 0% zoom. Small, but these two things really annoy me.-Charging: I buy the argument that in-camera charging is convenient but I would have preferred an external charger so I can charge extra batteries on a trip. This somehow seems like cost cutting on Sony's part and is an unfortunate trend among many cameras these days.-No 24p: not sure why this isn't an option but it would have been nice to have. Again, something I hope they can add later with a firmware/software update.Power saver: some RX100 owners are reporting that their batteries are draining even when the camera is not in use. One hypothesis is that the playback button (which powers on the LCD and not the camera) will get pressed in a pocket or bag and drain the battery. It was also discovered that if the camera detects any movement the power saver feature will not work. This has happened to me one when the camera was in my backpack and I found that the battery had drained overnight. Not the end of the world but potentially frustrating - carry an extra battery!-Price: yes it's hard to criticize the price when no other camera combines this IQ in such a small package but I would have liked this to be priced under $600. I'm sure the price will creep down eventually though.Neutral:-Size: this camera produces amazing images considering the size. That being said, it is a tad too big to fit comfortably in a jeans pocket (at least the front pockets).-I sometimes find myself wishing for a 24mm wide lens instead of 28mm. Maybe on the next version.-Battery door: yes most compact cameras have a cheap battery door. This is particularly bad. It is not spring loaded so it does not pop up when slid open and seems to have a tendency to slide open on its own. As long as it does not break I don't really care but it seems incongruous with how the rest of the camera feels.-Manual: some people like a printed manual. I rarely use them and find them to be a waste of paper. I think Sony should have reached a compromise whereby RX100 owners could simply order a free printed manual online and others could access a PDF as needed.-? button: dedicating a button to a help menu seems silly. Sure, we all need a little help with a new camera at times but once you learn it, the button is pointless. Also, the camera is clearly aimed at enthusiasts who probably don't need to know how to "use a flash" and "adding effects".People will always find something to criticize or complain about. The fact of the matter is that with a camera you simply need to choose the one that will serve your needs the best. In this case the RX100 does a better job more of the time than any other compact camera for my purposes.Yes, it is expensive and yes, there are some annoying aspects. Overall though, it has elevated the bar for compact cameras. I am really looking forward to what the competition responds with.
camera|I have NEX-7 and E-M5, I want to write some comparison notes here.RX100 is from Sony which have more similarity with NEX than E-M5, so this list is mostly compare the RX100 to the NEX-7, the NEX-7 have a wonderful hardware and bad implemented software really pi-ss me off.On contrary, this RX100 is an almost excellent camera both in hardware and software.Pros:1. Size of s100 with 1' sony sensor, the auto-focus is super fast and very accurate, much better than NEX-7, better than E-M5 with some lens but fail to match in the tele side.2. It charges with USB, I can attach it to my car charger or remote battery for my mobile phone in emergency.3. It unlike Olympus xz-1,Fujifilm x10, Panasonic lx5/lx7, Canon g1x, it has build-in lens cap, which makes it smaller and a LOT more convenient than those in real life shooting.4. ISO can be as low as 80, compensate some margin for the 1/2000s shutter speed(E-M5's 200 base iso is a horrible decision from Olympus)5. The software(operation system) is derived from Sony Alpha DSLR, unlike the NEX's bad UI implement from Sony P&S digital camera. It gives you 3 custom profiles, with their own iso range setting. different picture quality setting etc.6. The face detection can be set on for ALL light metering and focus mode. this is a big evolution from NEX(which can only used with matrix metering and multi-focus).7. 20m pixels is very good with pixel peeping or cropping, thanks to it's large sensor and quality lens, lots of details with base iso.8. It still keep the Sony camera's features:Sony's color profile. I really like this kind of realistic color rendering. Way better than Panasonic's wash-out plain dirty image and Olympus bluish white, more graduation than too much contrast Nikon, and less pink from Canon.Portrait mode have more dynamic range boost.(good trick from NEX)AF-illuminate light is useless.(turn it off immediately when you received your camera, good trick from NEX)Alpha DSLR's multi frame noise reduction is great for iso 3200 and upManual focus with focus peaking and zoom-inLot's filter effects can be applied to video and photo, HDR, Pano, Hand held twilight mode, they are still there.Exposure compensation and white balance you see on screen is identical to the actual shots.9. leaf shutter is almost silent. lower latency compare to NEX-7, super fast, that can sync flash with 1/2000s10. 10fps shutter stream with live view, this is a huge plus from NEX, and the buffer flush is very quick compare to NEX-7 with sandisk ush-i 45mb SD11. almost no screen lag between shots-to-shots(after you turn off the quick review, another trick from NEX/Alpha)12. dual dials control is very good, comparable to NEX-7 and E-M5(NEX-7's tri-dial is a totally hoax, most of the time, 2 of the dials are redundant with same function. )13. lens is exceptional, f1.8 can be used but there maybe some halos in daylight, starts from f2.8 is razor sharp. Macro shoot is amazing(see my photos uploaded to the product gallery)14. photo replay can be zoomed-in and then roll-over each photos to compare the zoomed parts. (NEX-7's tri-dial is useless here, all of them have the same function of roll-over to next photos)15. lots of customization with buttons.better than NEX-5n and comparable to NEX-717. Video function is better than NEX-7, it have more control, and concave dedicate movie button, which in comparison, NEX-7 have a protrude button, can be easily pressed by accident and record unnecessary movie.(Shame on you! Sony, 8 months w/o firmware fix for this!)18. Video active stabilization is effective, panning and zooming is butter smooth.19. dedicate modal dial, with memory recall and movie mode. memory recall can set up to 3 memories for the most distinguish settings, such as 1 for portrait(low iso base range, med shutter speed, portrait color rending, face detection ), 2 for landscape (80 iso, vivid color rending, small aperture), 3 for in-door flash portrait. You can alway record video in any mode with press the movie button, but in dedicate movie mode, you can set to automatic or manual, or Av, Sv and filters for your fine tune of movie style.20. flash can be set to bounce with your fingers, produce nice in-door photos. (good trick from NEX-7)21. white magic rgbw screen is very good, more vivid and bright than NEX-7 outdoor.22. battery is generally good in this category , I shoot 700 photos for half a day, So prepare 2 spare battery for a night and day shoot session.23. Since Adobe released Lightroom 4.2 RC, Raw file can extract more details for high ISO setting, but jpeg out of camera is better than what I expected as well as the vignetting, distortion, purple fringe compensation.Cons:1.front dial is smooth, the smooth dial is excellent for manual focus, but I prefer tick dial to adjust values.2.modal dial is a little tighten to turn.4.no dedicate on/off button for flash. it can only be triggered with menu option to use flash.5.Lens zoom out/in speed is not very fast, if you drop the camera, it may not survive...6. aperture decay fast compare to the focal length, hopefully it can provide 28-35mm with f2.87. no grip, even its small but you'd better have the wrist strap.8. no external battery charger for spare battery.9. no sd card buffering write indicator nor any sign of indication on screen.10. photos and movies in separate replay menu, Sony's old problem though...11. manual can only be downloaded from Sony support website. (No CD manual or Raw converter for a enthusiast camera? )Things I really expected:1. ND filter for landscape under bright sunlight.2. Smart terminal from NEX, So I can hook up EVF or external flash, it's a bad dicision for a camera without articulate screen.3. Trade some aperture range for a little extra on wide lens, such as 24mm f24. Filter thread5. Wifi/GPS6. Dedicate Flash on/off switch7. Traditional focal range display8.info battery provide precise battery level( % battery display like NEX)
camera|I ordered this from B&H the morning it was announced. Having it for a day and about 500 photos, I'm glad I bought it. After some very late night prints, I'm thrilled. Bottom line: the photo quality is great.Pros.SmallQuick to focus and quick between shotsExcellent lens with decent zoom rangeGood JPEGS and very good RAW filesNice controls and the front adjustment ring helpsWell builtExcellent manual controlsThe first pocket camera with good manual focusConsSony's menu's are a bit confusingSomewhat limited battery life, though par for the categoryNo manualSlow aperture at full zoomNo external batter chargerMake no mistake, this is as good as current technology allows for a pocketable camera. It's about the same sizes as my Canon S95. It has a similar design, but IMO looks classier. Sony has made good use of the 20 megapixels. Low ISO files are excellent and as good as recent generation DSLRs. The larger sensor does make a difference.Is this worth the extra $200 over a S100 or LX7? That depends. If you print your photos larger than 11x14, the answer is an unqualified yes. Photos show more detail and better sharpness. If you mostly post your photos online, then the advantage lessens, especially if you shoot JPEG. What's the advantage of having 20 MP if your photo is displayed at 2 MP? Yes, the Canon and Panasonic cameras will output RAW files, but in practice, there is little advantage from doing so. You gain little if any dynamic range and all three cameras do a good job with white balance in most cases.If you shoot RAW, the RX-100 is the first pocketable camera that gives you a real advantage with RAW. There is a noticeable difference in dynamic range. Use RAW and there's more highlight headroom and you can pull more details out of the shadows. The bad news here is that Sony's RAW converter program is a bear to use. When Adobe comes out with support for this camera in the next month or so.Sony has copied Canon's front control ring, which is a great thing. It doesn't have the click stops that Canon's does. It has electronic clicks, which do nothing for me. Those can be turned off. Using the ring for exposure compensation, the lack of felt clicks is a negative. Using the ring for manual focus, it's a plus. Call it a draw. It's the manual focus feature that has me excited. Simply put, manual focus on other pocket point and shoots is marginal at best. With the focus peaking that Sony has included along with the front control ring, manual focus is precise and accurate.Some of Sony's extra shooting modes are very useful. This carries over the handheld twilight, in-camera HDR and sweep panorama features that I learned to like in my NEX-5n. There are plenty of other options, that somebody will like. Those are the ones I like. Photos at 100-200 ISO are terrific, and good up to 800. Above that, image quality drops off quickly. Compared to my Canon S95, there's not that much difference in quality with JPEGS. Shooting RAW then working the files a bit in PHotoshop, I'd say the there's a good stop to stop and a half advantage to the RX-100 Did I mention that the lens is very good?Is the camera worth $650? That's a tougher question. Sony sells more capable NEX cameras for $50 more and less. As light and compact as the NEX cameras are, they don't fit in a pocket. This camera will even fit in a shirt pocket, if you don't mind your shirt sagging. It's great for pants pockets or a jacket. While the camera has good manual controls it won't give the same versatility as a NEX or Micro 4/3 camera, let alone a DSLR, which you can get in the same price range. If you want to get serious about photography, I'd recommend getting one of those instead of the RX-100. Panasonic has announced the LX7 which has an insanely fast lens, that should make low light photos easier. Again, if I mostly posted photos online, I'd consider the less expensive but still very good alternatives to the Sony.If you want the best current small camera, especially as a second camera then the RX-100 is as good as it gets.
camera|Hype surrounding the new Sony RX100 has been immense, with one famous reviewer commenting that the RX100 is the "best pocket camera ever." As a longtime film and digital SLR and rangefinder shooter, I have pretty high expectations, and pocket cameras have never really met those expectations; but I persist in keeping them around because I can't put a rangefinder in my pocket, and having one on the shelf at home obviously limits opportunities to ply the craft.Bolstered by last year's surprisingly good HX9V, I took the leap of faith and purchased the RX100. I've shot about 750 frames with the RX100, and I'm absolutely blown away by how much I enjoy it. This is serious image quality, folks. Outdoors, in good light, the RX100 captures MORE detail than my Fuji X-Pro 1, with good dynamic range and excellent color. The fuji has an edge as light levels decrease, but honestly--the RX100 is as good as the best 400 speed films of today, and I've shot those all over the world, in all sorts of light. With the bright f1.8 lens and image stabilization the RX100 could take you all over the world and reward you with excellent quality. Additionally, the Carl Zeiss lens renders in a unique, characterful way--I'd take it over any DSLR kit lens made. It's that good.Autofocus is BLAZING fast, tremendously accurate, and totally reliable. Face detection isn't quite as fast as I've seen (the HX9V was quicker to acquire a face) but the AF will lock on to your target quickly enough even without "detecting the face" that it's rarely a problem. This camera easily keeps up with my highly active 4 year old, and that's an impressive feat. The user interface is customizable enough that I can put the creative controls I desire at my fingertips, and although Sony's still feel a little like computers to me vs. traditional cameras, it's all very useable for a traditional photographer, and you can work your traditional exposure magic without feeling like the camera is fighting you every step of the way.Negatives? Well, that lovely lens is only really fast at 28mm, quickly dropping to f2.8 max aperture by 35mm, and dropping from there to a pretty slow f4 at 70mm f4.9 at 100mm. I'd also really like some sort of front grip on the camera, as the smooth finish looks sleek, but isn't very easy to hold. It would be nice if Sony allowed the choice to use less-aggressive noise reduction; at a pixel level, there's some heavy processing going on, and it's quite noticeable. You won't see this unless you print huge prints at high ISOs, though, and if you prefer this camera does shoot RAW so you have the option of processing yourself.Should you buy this camera? Yes--the initial reviews weren't just hype. It's so good it has me thinking "why have anything else?" It really is that good. It won't do everything (super wide angle or super telephoto), but if I'm honest with myself, the 28-100mm range is a real sweet spot for travel, art, documentary, and family photography, and the photos I've made with the RX100 are completely and totally rewarding.
camera|As soon as I saw information released about this camera, I knew instantly I wanted to get my hands on it; it looked awesome and the specifications mentioned seemed incredibly impressive for a camera it's size, so when I finally got it(which of course made a big hole in my credit card), I was super excited to play around with the features and see what it could actually do and if it would live up to the expectations Sony had created about this camera.First impressions were definitely positive, it looks remarkably suave and holding the camera itself I found it to be really comfortable even though it only has one grip which is located precisely for your thumb. I personally think they got a good balance between grip and style, because if they had added any more grip it would have ruined that nice sleek design it has, for example if you take a look at the Sony Cyber-shot DSC-HX20V, you will see it has a huge grip which whilst gives maximum grip it does overwhelm the side of the camera.Included in the box are the following:Camera | AC adapter | Battery pack | Micro USB cable | Wrist strap | Two shoulder strap adapters | Manual.Things you NEED:SDHC Card (You can choose a different brand/memory capacity, though do remember as this is a 20MP camera, files sizes average around 5MB if your using Jpeg in fine detail, or is around 20MB if using the RAW format (RAW image has a '.ARW' file extension)).Optional:Camera Case (LCJ-RXA) | USB SDHC Card Reader | Spare Battery NP-BX1 | HDMI - Micro HDMI Cable | Anti-reflective Screen Protector- - -The main thing I love about this camera is it has modes which are great for people who don't have a lot of knowledge about cameras and just want to point and shoot whilst getting great results, and there are modes for those who know more about cameras and want to go more in-depth with the settings.The modes which I personally think are great for those with limited camera knowledge, I would suggest using the mode dial located on top of the camera to choose one of the following:1) Superior Auto; "This device beautifully shoots automatically while reducing blurring and noise".My opinion: I've always had great results with this mode, on most occasions it takes the picture I want it to, though sometimes you may want select a mode in the scene setting to get a little bit extra.- - -2) Intelligent Auto; "Automatically identifies the scene's characteristics and shoots a photo".My opinion: Pretty much the same scenario with the superior auto, it takes fantastic shots most of the time, though I haven't really noticed the difference between both of them, this may be because I haven't had the chance to test them in many varied locations.- - -3) Scene Selection; Here you can select different pre-setting modes to get the most out of certain scenarios:- Portrait; "Emphasizes subject by blurring away background. Reproduces soft skin tone".- Anti Motion Blur; "Reduces blur indoors with poor lighting or for telephoto shooting to obtain clear images".- Sports Action; "Shoots fast motion at higher shutter speeds".- Pet; "Shoots pets and other subjects in movement to reduce blur".- Gourmet; "Shoots food to look delicious".- Macro; "This mode is best suited for shooting close-ups of small subjects such as flowers and food in clear and sharp focus".- Landscape; "Shoots the entire range of scenery in a sharp focus with vivid colours".- Sunset; "Vividly expresses and dramatically captures the redness of dusk and dawn".- Night Scene; "Shoots night scenes clearly. Recommend using tripod".- Hand-held Twilight; "Suitable for shooting a night scene without using a tripod".- Night Portrait; "Automatically fires the flash to illuminate foreground subjects and engages slow shutter to capture background night scenes".- Fireworks; "Shoots beautiful fireworks without flash".- High Sensitivity; "Reduces blur even without using flash".You can select different scene modes by twisting the mode dial back and forth, twist the control ring(my favourite and the easiest way), or go to photo tab 5 which is located within the menu.My opinion: You have such a good amount of different options to choose from. Not only does the camera explain the best situation to use such scenes, but also shows a picture to give you a better idea of what scene they should be used in.I've had some great shots with the hand-held twilight setting, whilst I don't get perfect shots all the time, it has produced better results than all my previous cyber-shot cameras combined!I also really like the portrait mode.There is one option not on the list from previous models and that is the "Picture Effect" mode, this has been moved into the menu or can be selected via the function button (if selected), I would have preferred it to be in the scene selection, but that may be because I'm used to it being there.- - -4) Sweep shooting; "Creates a panoramic image while you move the camera left/right or up and down at a fixed speed".You can adjust the settings by going into the menu on photo tab 1.My opinion: This is one of my favourite features on the camera that produces truly amazing panoramic results.- - -5) Movie; Choose from the following movie modes:- Program Auto; "Auto movie shooting where aperture and shutter speeds are automatic, and other features can be set as desired".- Aperture Priority; "Adjusts aperture to change focus range and background defocus".- Shutter Priority; "Manually adjusts speed to control how moving subjects are captured".- Manual Exposure; "Adjusts aperture and shutter speed manually".You do have the ability to duel record (take pictures whilst recording) however it's important to note that it's disabled whilst recording in AVCHD format '60p 28M(PS)', so if you do want to take full advantage of this feature, make sure your on '60i 24M(FX)', '60i 17M(FH)' or are recording through the MP4 format. When taking pictures whilst recording, you will NOT hear the shutter sound, instead you till see a message on the screen stating "captured", this is to ensure the shutter noise is not recorded.Also note that you don't have to be in the movie mode to start recording, you can start recording on most modes/settings by clicking the record button as you would do normally.My opinion: When recording in the best quality the output is phenomenal, the video is so smooth and it focuses on things very well. To be honest if it wasn't for the fact that my camcorder has so much more zoom than this camera, I would use this camera instead and scrap my camcorder!- - -For those who understand a bit more about camera settings, you will be pleased to have several modes available for you to use:1) Program Auto; "Automatically sets aperture and shutter speed. Other settings can be set as desired".2) Aperture Priority; "Adjusts aperture to change the range in focus and amount of background blur. Small value blurs front and back, large value makes even background in focus".3) Shutter Priority; "Adjusts shutter speed manually for different effects of moving subjects. Faster speeds to appear stopped momentarily. Slower speed to capture traces of movement".4) Manual Exposure; "Adjusts aperture and shutter speed manually".5) Memory recall; This setting lets you go in-depth with pretty much every setting, you can save up to three profiles which you can quickly select for later usage. This will be a favourite for a lot of people so they don't have to manually set everything all over again.My opinion: I wouldn't classify myself as someone who knows a lot about in-depth camera settings, but thanks to the camera guide which you can pop-up by clicking the "?" button, it's given me some really good simple yet detailed tips to get me started. I still think it will be awhile before I understand these settings fully, however I'm certain I will get there at some point, it just takes persistence.- - -The menu system is a lot different from the previous cyber-shot cameras I've owned, previously when you click "Menu", you get a quick menu system on the left hand side to where you can fiddle around with the settings quickly or choose to go into the proper settings menu, however with this camera it goes straight into one menu where you can browse everything. This for me is something I had to get used to as it is different, however they do have pictured tabs which make it easy to navigate.Another feature which is new to me is the function button labelled "Fn", this button lets you navigate through 7 different options that can be changed to your liking via the menu system.Quick options you can select are: Exposure Comp | Focus Mode | Autofocus Area | ISO | Drive Mode | Metering Mode | Flash Mode | Flash Comp | White Balance | DRO/Auto HDR | Creative Style | Picture Effect | Soft Skin Effect | Quality | Image Size | Smile/Face Detect | Aspect Ratio | Not Set.On the front of the camera, there is a ridged ring called the "control ring", depending on what you select it to do, it can be used to quickly change the aperture or shutter levels, zoom or even navigate through different modes. Personally, I welcomed this new feature and have found it to be very helpful at times.The flash is also really good, it pops out automatically when needed, however you will have to manually push it down when you're not going to use it as it's on a springy device.- - -*Helpful information:When transferring files, if you're using the USB lead provided, make sure when it's connected you turn the camera on, otherwise it wont recognise the camera is connected.Personally I would recommend getting an USB SDHC Card Reader, it's so much faster to navigate through files and delete the ones not needed, you can then copy and paste the desired photos onto your computer within seconds.Pictures are located in the "DCIM" folder.Videos can be found by going through folders; "PRIVATE" - "AVCHD" - "BDMV" - "STREAM".One other important bit of information I need to share is for those wanting to use the RAW files this camera produces, you will need to download a special piece of software, just google "Image Data Converter Ver4.1 Download for DSC-RX100", and it should be one of the first results, you then get a choice to download it for Windows or Mac.- - -So far I've had nothing but good experiences with this camera, the size is decent, it's comfortable to hold and it performs very well. It produces photos with amazing depths of field without the need of using a background defocus mode, which can be found on previous models.Another important factor is it's user friendly to both beginner and more experienced photographers.For what this camera lacks in zoom, it makes up in picture quality and although it is available with a premium price tag, your not going to find another camera available of such size and cost that delivers such outstanding results, so for that reason I would highly recommend this camera.
camera|I've been on a 12-year search to find the best pocketable digital camera. After getting an early Canon DSLR, and trading it in because it was too clunky, I've had a succession of better and better semi-pocketable cameras starting with the Olympus 3030, cycling through Olympus, Canon, Nikon and Sony and Panasonic cameras at the rate of about 1 a year (I find that after about 1 year or 10,000 pictures something tends to break) and finally ending with the excellent Panasonic GX1 mirrorless - which despite pancake lenses and my best efforts, didn't really fit in my pocket and thus didn't leave the house with me nearly as often as I hoped.This is what I have been looking for:* Sensor: I've come to the conclusion that above ~8MP, megapixels don't matter anymore - 99% of my pictures will only be seen on my ~2MP computer screen, so even with lots of cropping the extra megapixels in today's cameras are overkill. What is more important in the sensor is its size, which is critical to fast shutter speeds and low light photography* Optics: I prefer wide angle and lens speed vs long zooms.* Electronics: faster is better - faster focus, more clicks per second.* Pocketable - I love my Panasonic LX5 and it is just about the max you can comfortably put in a pants pocket. The LX5 is an excellent camera in every way but the larger sensor size of the RX100 was too compelling to not upgrade.The RX100 perfectly fits my above criteria and is really incredible - overall a great camera that somehow manages to cram a fast, wide-angle lens and a huge sensor into a tiny body.No point in my reiterating what is on dozens of other blogs/reviews on the overall quality of the camera, suffice it to say that it is fast and responsive and takes great pictures of fast-moving kids even in low light conditions.I see the blogs are divided about the in-camera charging, but I am a big fan - one less thing to carry (but the little flap to the USB port is really flimsy - see below). I already carry identical USB chargers and cables for my Blackberry so I don't need to carry anything extra for the camera. So the entire camera and accessories (zero) still easily fits in my pocket.I can't give this camera 5 stars however: the build quality is shockingly bad on the USB door, the battery/SD card door, and the really flimsy flash unit. I constantly feel like unless I am really careful, I am going to break off something. Really unacceptable for a $650 camera.2 other problems that smashed together have a perfect solution: no grip makes this little thing hard to hold, and the battery life is mediocre.Why not add a grip and cram a much bigger battery inside it? Something the size of the 3rd party Richard Franiec grip (I have on order) would be perfect - enough to hold onto, but not so much that it extends further out than the lens.For my next, hopefully last, camera I'd like something similar to the RX100 but modified as follows:* Wider angle (24mm maybe). 100mm is fine for the long end but I could compromise there to get wider at the short end* F1.8 or even faster at the short end, with less drop-off at the long* Equal or larger sensor* Note: I could accept a larger camera to get the above lens and sensor specs - as much as 15% larger in every dimension would still let the camera (just) fit in my pocket* Better build quality* Grip + large batteryPS another tip for pocketability is the excellent GorillaPod Micro 250 tripod, which I have permanently attached to my camera. Using this, your entire camera kit including all accessories still fits in your pocket.UPDATE: The included manual is pathetic. There is a useful website, but it is interactive, you can't print it out. Some helpful users have made a PDF of it and posted in the comments.
camera|Finally a pocketable camera worthy of being called a DSLR companion. What's surprising is that it's from Sony, essentially their first attempt at high-end compact segment, and they got most things right.I'm a Nikon D700 user spoiled by its speed, accuracy, and clean full frame sensor output with f2.8 zooms. Always been searching for that take-anywhere camera that fits in my pocket yet able to capture good images.After owning S90, LX5, XZ1, and S100, search continued. Problem with all small cameras is their speed. It's slow. Slow focus, shutter lag, shot to shot time, and buffer causes missed shots, blurry shots. Another problem with compacts is that images look flat, due to small sensor and large depth of field. Faster lens help, but only so much. After a while I just started using my smartphone to take pictures because it was faster, and left the compact at home.RX100 is a game-changer in that sensor 3 to 4 times the size of competitor is stuffed inside a body that's only slightly thicker than Canon S90/95/100. Combined with larger aperture on wide-end, captured images have 3 dimensional look characterized by larger sensors. It's also much faster. Focus and shutter lag is DSLR level, and overall operation is quick.Other features I really like about the RX100:* Function button allows quick adjustment of common settings* Lens ring control dial* Tiltable flash* Full manual controls during video* No annoying lens capOnly thing that I wish it had was lens starting at 24mm and faster aperture on long end, but I understand that size is more important, so I'm ok with 28mm and slower aperture when zoomed. Do not care for viewfinder, tilting screen, or hotshoe, those only add to bulk and complexity, negating the whole purpose of camera like this.With the RX100, most of lower end mirrorless cameras with kit zoom lens such as Nikon J1, Panasonic GF3 and GX1, Olympus PEN, Sony NEX3 or even 5, are relegated useless. RX100 is just as quick, produces images and video that are just as, or even better than any of them, and most of all, it's way smaller, truly pocketable. When you compare the RX100 to these cameras, it's not overpriced, and in fact, offers value.Note: Don't cheap out and buy slow memory cards, at minimum class 10 or 200x or faster, get the fastest you can afford to support the speed of the camera. Personally I went with the Sandisk Extreme series with up to 45MB/s read/write speeds.
camera|Having had a multitude of digital cameras over the years from SLR to pocket sized point and shoot this is the best I've encountered. No doubt it will be a big seller. I bought it purely based on Pogue's review in the NY Times.I ordered it directly from the SONY site because I wanted it for a business trip immediately.So far very impressed with all the features, the user dials and interface are not confusing, the manual is built into the camera for easy reference, and there are plenty of helpful shooting guides to remind you of what to do under different shooting situations.This camera's BIG shortcoming is in the delicate flash that pops up under low light conditions. Any casual observer will see that the likelihood of the flash having issues with use is very high. That very thought went through my head upon opening the packaging... In an era of high risk with consumer product launches, it's hard to believe that there wasn't a discussion on the design team about how the camera would be carried (pocket sized!) or with a delicate moving part having issues under even nominally normal conditions (meaning not encased in bubble wrap at all times).....Went to my business meeting, took some great photos under low light conditions, packed the camera in my luggage as I would any pocket camera, upon unpacking guess what.....the flash had popped up in my luggage and was damaged and would no longer close or open.I called Sony and without any hassle are exchanging the camera (2 weeks of use!).....but even if you treat this like a precious jewel, the odds are 12-18 months from now you'll see many RX100 owners walking around with flashes they manually open and close.....
camera|I've had this camera for a few weeks now and it has become my go-to camera, even though I have three DSLRs, four video cameras, and a bunch of lenses. Why? The answer is simple. It takes great photos and video, has every kind of manual setting you can think of, in both photo and video mode (except maybe audio level in video), a fast 1.8 carl zeiss lens (and not just any zeiss lens, it's a sonnar with a t* coating), and is pocketable. For most pics and video the quality might be marginally better but not really noticeable, so why lug around my large DSLR and lens combo? After reading other reviews here are some quick points about this camera:PRICE - look, a Carl Zeiss vario-sonnar t* with a maximum aperture of 1.8 would cost more than the entire price of this camera, so no it is not over-priced.DOCUMENTATION - yes, it should come with a manual or CD but if you're in the market for a camera like this you must know something about photography so using it for a couple of days should make you familiar with all the featuresRAW - support is coming, so no worries hereCANON EOS-M - oh wait, it's coming soon so should I wait? Probably not. The reason: It will be thicker with the pancake lens on it, so not great in the pocket. The Canon pancake lens is not close to the quality of the Zeiss Sonnar t* but the sensor (APS-C) is a lot larger on the canon and will make up for the diminished quality. Can't zoom with the pancake. If you want to zoom you have to buy an adapter to use other Canon lenses or buy the one they made for this camera which is about $300, oh btw that makes the cost of the camera over $1,000 and no way can you then put in your pocket, might as well use your DSLR right?One final thing. No one is really talking about the snapshot mode during video, whereby you press the shutter while recording video and it records a photo. Well, when I purchased the camera, Sony promo said that you can take 17mp stills during video. Yes, you can but at much lower quality. I should have realized that basically the camera is just doing a capture (freezing a moment of the video). So I was a little disappointed with this feature, however in average light the stills are pretty good, unless you super magnify them. They look great when printed 4x6 and very good on a big screen TV. It's a neat feature if you're having a family event and want both stills and video and have just one person to do it. Most camcorders and some cameras (including most Sony compacts) have this feature but the quality of the stills is usually not good so it's almost a useless feature on those other cameras.Bottom line - Great Quality Photos and Videos, Full Manual and Auto Controls, Super Versatility, a feature set a pro would be proud of but a novice could use.
camera|I sold my NEX-5N 3 month ago after hearing rumors and seeing per-production photos of NEX6. I loved the NEX5N output but hated the menu system and lack of physical controls, the 6 appeared to be my holy grail. Anyhow, in the meantime I wanted a compact none interchangeable lens camera to fill my camera needs. I gave the RX100 a shot after all the rave reviews. After using it for 2 month here is my opinion:1. Image quality is the best out of all compact cameras I've used in recent years. Recent compacts I've used: Panasonic LX5, Olympus XZ1, Canon S100, Sony HX9V.2. Image quality is almost on par with micro43 + kit lens and very close to the NEX5N jpg output. Recent m43 I've used: OMD e-M5, EP3 and GX1.3. Focus speed - almost no shutter lag or focus hunting unlike compact P&S. The overall speed is on par with mirrorless cameras.So what didn't I like?1. Image stabilization doesn't work well under indoor light which result in slightly blurred photos. The flash also takes roughly 3-4 seconds to recharge which is a bit frustration for me when taking bounced flash indoor photos of a people in slight motion. Without flash any slight moving of the model or your hands will cause blurry photo. I felt compact camera were a lot more responsive taking indoor flash photos than the RX100.2. The size - it is really compact considering the image quality it packs, but it is a tad too big to fit in a jean pocket comfortably. It does fit, but extremely snug and will require some effort to dig out. I'm always afraid of accidentally hitting the power button causing the lens to extend and break in my pocket. So the camera is pocket-able but I wouldn't recommend putting it in your pants pocket (i put it in my pants because I don't carry any bags/man-purse when I go out). You can also put it in your jacket, but it's weight will make your jacket slant to one side. To safely carry this camera you will probably put it on a neck strap or put it in a bag of some sort, so technically portability is no longer in it favor when compared to other mirrorless solutions in this price range that provide better image quality that are only slight bigger in size/weight.3. Form factor - the camera is built like a compact point and shoot, and I feel like I'm shooting with one. I don't know how to explain it but psychologically i put a lot more thoughts in composing my shots using a mirrorless IL form factor compared to point and shoot. I find the photo I took with RX100 to be more casual and less interesting than the ones I took with a mirrorless. I guess I was more careless and didn't enjoy shooting with RX100 as much as a mirrorless.So, all in all, once you used this camera you will never be able to accept the photos quality and speed of a compact point and shoot again. It is a great step up from a P&S if you have the $ to spare. As a secondary camera to your mirrorless or DSLR this is a great compact choice. However, at this price range I would not recommend this as a primary camera as there are a lot of options that offer more flexibility and better image quality.
camera|I've had the camera for a little over a week now and I'm simply stunned. The quality of images and video out of this tiny marvel really does rival my Nex-7 for the most part. I can't wait to be able to work with RAW files whenever Lightroom or Aperture support it. The JPEGs are quite good for now.One of the best features is the pop up flash which can be tilted backward (you have to manual hold it in place) for bounce flash. It works great as long as the room is not too large.This has quickly become my family cam of choice. Here are my favorite features:- Fantastic image quality- Top notch 1080p 60p video, even in low light- Small and pocketable- nearly silent and discreet shutter sound- pop up flash that can be used as a bounce- high quality finish and build quality- fast performance, start up and shot to shot time- fast auto focusMy minor gripes are- wish it had a bit of a grip- flash recycle times are slow- initial price is a high- would love a brighter aperture at the long end- would have preferred the wide end start at 24 or 25mm instead of 28mmAll in all though this is a gamechanger for me. I thought the Nex-7 would be my all encompassing portable workhorse, but the size of the RX100 is just too irresistible.No question this is the only camera I need to take on a vacation. The more you know about cameras, the more you can get out of this machine. Very impressed.
