camera|I can't say to much about this camera, since I've only been playing with it for a few weeks. I taken several hundred shots, may be more. Their's a lot of thing to figure out! The flash doesn't work all the time, especially when you what it too, you'll have to wait or just take another picture with no flash, and then take one when it decides to flash. The camera on my Iphone takes some better pictures in many cases. This Fuji Camera take some pretty good ones as well, some come out even better then my Iphone. I guess I'd have to say, after writing this review, and thinking about it! that this Fuji Camera isn't really worth bothering with, at least for me. The reason I say this is, it's so much easier to point an shoot my Iphone, it's always in my hand anyway. The picture usually come out just as good, if not better then this Fuji Camera. I bought this Fuji Camera to take better pictures then what I already have, but it's beginning to sink in my head, that maybe it's just to much effort. I can't stick it in my pocket, and I have to be really careful with, this Fuji Camera, and it not all that easy to hold. You have to wear it around your neck, and if your doing something like changing your baby boy's diaper, and you have no safe place to put it down, well you just have to make do. Like wearing it around your neck, and my boy grabs it all the time, very frustrating! It's still a really nice camera, but I might be better off looking for something in the 4 to 5 hundred dollar range, then it might be worth it!!! Then the pictures hopefully would be awesome&#8230;
camera|excellent camera brand special discounts for which you want to start a profecion as photography, good image, focus, I recommend it.
camera|This particular model does not have time stamp on it. I wanted it for court proceedings. Will just take the camera to court, as the date does show on each picture, but will not print it.
camera|dont even think im a agent im a kid 12 love this camere i know a lot about photogrophey and dont even look at diffret cameras i love it works pro and betifiul qualty
camera|Due to the snowstorm in NY i haven't received the camera as yet. I hope soon the carriers would deliver it.
camera|After seeing that this camera received high stars I bought if BIG MISTAKE! I read the manual and used it to shoot my family for fall pics. Over half came out blurry I chalked it up to me not knowing all the tricks. After taking a 5 year olds photo session and a wedding I was sooooo sick of this camera I sent it back. This camera should have been easy to use and it was as long as you like very blurry picture. Also the camera felt cheap and the battery door was flimsy. I would not purchase this camera. Fyi Amazon was fabulous with my return the girl on the IM chat was super.
camera|I was not satified with the camera at all, The pictures that it took were horrible. The black and white pictures were better than the color. The different kinds of modes that it has are just about the same. I don't recomend this camera to anyone, a Canon or a Nikon would be your best bet, you get beat a Canon or a Nikon. Hope this was helpful. Thank you for reading.
camera|This fujifilm camera is horrible!!!!! The pictures are horrible!!!! Yes, this camera looks nice but it is a very bad quality camera!!!!! DO NOT BUY THIS CAMERA OR YOU WILL END UP RETURNING IT!!!!!
camera|this is a great camera for the money, it takes great photo's, video and the lens is very good, the telephoto lens zoom is very clear and has a great zoom distance
camera|Fujifilm Finepix S4200 Digital Camera it is great camera. make good movies with memory card, good pictures, good size,and it is professional camera. the price is very cheap on the amazon. the camera worth more than the price. Thanks amazon to let people write review for the products so, other people can shoose the best product.
camera|This is the best camera I've ever had, the zoom, the quality, the options, the look and feel of the camera itself. I've had it over a month now and have had no regrets. I love this thing, worth every penny!
camera|The camera's flash was defective out of the box, so we called Amazon and they promptly sent out a replacement and paid the return shipping. The 2nd camera is fine; takes great pictures and video. One negative is battery life is short with this camera, so we use rechargeable ones and keep spares in the bag; the other negative is a poor user manual.If the 1st camera was good out of the box, we would rate it a "5". Great product for the price.
camera|I purchased my Fujifilm FinePix S4200 at Target for $179 back in January 2013 and it's worth every penny. I'm not a professional photographer nor do I want to be. The S4200 has a lot of nice features housed in a great-looking package, and I'm discovering more of them as I go along. I mainly use my camera for taking cityscapes, statues, family/friends, wildlife at the zoo, and anything else that captures my fancy. Plus, it saves a lot of time when taking pictures of my own artwork and uploading & editing is a breeze. This camera beats any scanner I've ever seen or used. What I love most is that the S4200 isn't complicated and it meets my wants, needs, desires, and budget. Fujifilm makes great products at reasonable, down-to earth prices & the S4200 is yet another example of this.When I do decide to upgrade, I'm definitely keeping it within the Fujifilm family. Most likely, it will either be an S1000 or the HS50 EXR. Even when this happens, I'm still hanging on to my S4200 as my "go-to" camera when I want to travel light.I have two suggestions for anyone wishing to purchase this camera: Go ahead and spring for the Energizer Ultimate Lithium batteries because they'll last a lot longer than any other AAs (and you'll buy a lot fewer, too) and don't bother registering with the My FinePix website because it's far more trouble than it's worth. Whether you're a beginner or you're looking for a reasonably-priced step up from a compact digital camera, the Fujifilm FinePix S4200 is a great camera at a great price. Kudos to Fujifilm for another quality product.
camera|Honestly, when I received this camera as I was impressed with the look. It looked like a real professional camera, but the pictures were not impressive at all. I was disappointed with the video quality. However, i spent time to learn the camera, and I am now happy with it.You can see sample pictures that were taken with this camera in my book on Amazon. Get a copy Awesome Photography from Inexpensive CamerasI have also shared a few tips too.The images you'll see in the LCD Viewer are unimpressive but just a simple touch up on your PC and you will have gotten a great picture.A great camera for shooting close upA great camera for shooting outdoors.If you know the the trick you can get great, impressive videos at 720pIt looks the part which has been inspiration for me.I shared a few tips and sample photography from this camera - get your copy here:Awesome Photography from Inexpensive Cameras
camera|Works great! Great look and feel, along with picture quality. Nice and easy configuration options.... Date imprint feature is another thing that l Like and it has that. Zoom works great! The lens cover is detected by the camera and until it is taken off, camera does not take spaps.... no chance false Snaps - very intelligent.Only one problems is: Battery. Needs 4 AA batteries and goes for a month (with moderate usage).In one line: It was a great purchase!
camera|This camera is less expensive than the digital I bought eight years ago, and the specs are way over the top for the price. I love Fuji products.
camera|I find the camera amazing. I dont truly have any dislikes. If I had to choose one it would be that in the Optical zoom you have to be SUPER steady with your hand otherwise it jumps really bad. I find all the features are easily accessible. I have taken a few pictures now and I love them.I am use to the Push til it focuses then push further to take the picture so that part does not bother me.I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a great camera with a good bit of zoom.
camera|This camera takes the best pictures and is easy to use. It focuses nicely the timer works great and to delete the pics is easy.
camera|This is a great camera for the price, it takes good pictures and the zoom on it is fantastic.The camera is great to take picture outside during the day. The super macro is great to take pictures of flowers and the zoom is awesome to take pictures of wild life or zoom in details. Its a great camera to take with you while travelling when you don't want to bring your expensive camera with you.The manual functions in the camera is not so great. This camera is terrible for night pictures and low light. While using the manual functions, it often only give you the option between F2.2 and F8, which doesn't offer enough control. You need to use the pre determined functions in the camera to to access the different apertures, but you have no control over them. When you take pictures in low light situation, you absolutely need to use the predetermine functions in the camera. The camera will often use high ISO, which cause your pictures to be grainy.This is the third fuji i own, I had the A3000 and the S1500. The S1500 had a way cheaper lens and was very dinky and broke after 6 months, but at least it gave you more freedom in the manual options.
camera|Cant beat this camera for the price can't be happier! Highly recomended takes awesome photo's from great distance with very little blur.
camera|I gave this camera to my boyfriend for his birthday. He loved it. He takes it on all the road trips now.
camera|I like the Fujifillm FinePix S4200 camersa so far. I've been able to take a few pictures. Will have to wait till summer to get to really use it.If looking for a camera with zoom this is good.
camera|The camera is well built and feels solid. Its takes great images even at full zoom. Surprised with all the features
camera|If you want a professional grade camera with changeable lenses, this isnt for you. If you like taking photographs, were looking for something above the camera on your smartphone, and have fun testing out automatic and manual settings for the best shots, this is great.Low light photographs need you to be very still or use a tripod BUT this will turn out great images during the day, at night and indoors. If point and ahoot perfection is what you want, this isnt it except for daytime photos. Manual settings do much better for results you will be proud of.I would buy it again having used it and played with settings. I use it several times a week for a month now.
camera|she takes pictures of everything now , we have areas of the backyard i never knew existed before . very satisfied .
camera|I had ben looking for a camera like this and fit my budget. Does everything I wanted it to do and is easy to learn to use,
camera|I just received it recently so I haven't got to take too many pictures. From what I have so far, I love it. Well worth the price.
camera|semi-professional & Cheap camera ... i bought it to my personal newspaper .. the price cheap then any digital camera in the same details
camera|I am very pleased with my purchase of this camera! It takes beautiful pictures! I like the fact that it has multiple options for taking pictures, and yet it's not complicated to operate. So happy I bought it!
camera|This is an excellent camera for the price paid. Takes good pictures in all ways that I use it. I am not a photographer, so I only use the automatic setting and let the camera do the rest.
camera|I've only had the camera for a week but I've been taking pictures everyday since I received it. I must say that it really is a great camera of course I have more to learn on using all the features but so far so good. The flash works just fine and goes off everytime I need it. The pictures I've taken come out crisp and clear. Just amazing results from this camera. I was really dissappointed with the shipping through USPS though. I ordered this camera on Dec,19th and it shipped out the very next day from the seller Priority Shipping. I did not receive my camera until Jan.15th due to post office error which is no fault of the seller. The transaction was really smooth with no problems and the price for the camera was awesome. And even though it took me a month to receive it I am so pleased with my purchase. I will update this review once I've had more time to use the camera if there is anything I need to add but as I said before so far so good.
camera|I like this a lot. Nice camera. Easy to use. Pictures are great. i love the zoom. The only thing I don't like is having to turn the camera off and back on when I forget to remove the lens cap.
camera|I am still new to cameras and all functions that they can do but this camera has operated great and I read the extra online manual. Still learning but I like the picutre quality.
camera|My daughter loves it. Great photos and easy to opperate. Great optics and it has a good zoom lens for those long range shots.
camera|I got this for my mom, but I watched her start to use it and it seemed to work really well. I love the look of it and it seems pretty easy to figure out. I look forward to seeing the pictures she comes up with.
camera|Just got this camera for Christmas and still learning how to use it. The zoom is good, takes clear pictures, and takes pretty good videos too!
camera|Very happy with this camera. It takes sharp hi-res photos for a pro-sumer camera. It has many high end features that don't overwhelm the normal user. Careful of battery level though...
camera|Good camera for the price and very easy to use. Recommend it if you want a range magnification for you pictures at a good price.
camera|got this about a month ago and love it great pictures im happy i chose this camera great prise too
camera|Buy it for great pictures and decent video. Lithium batteries are a must have and don't be surprised if you find it fairly bulky.
camera|I am a newbie in photography and I have never been able to take great pictures even with a one shot disposable camera. I love the way the Fujifilm FinePix S4200 Digital Camera allows me to shoot great photos. I was taking pictures of some doves mating the other day and was able to capture scenes without disturbing the natural environment. The camera is quiet when taking pictures and I absolutely love the zoom lens. I also captured some photo's of a baby deer which just made the camera that much more special to me. I would recommend this camera to anyone who wants quality photo's. One of the things I would suggest is that you watch the video that one of the other raters compiled. I'm sorry that I don't remember his name but I am sure you can find it. He did an excellent job explaining the way the camera worked and I was able to just take the camera out and start shooting. Thanks Amazon for making all of my purchasing experiences the best!!
camera|Good camera, pictures are a good quality and there are several settings for the more experienced photographer. A good buy for the price.
camera|I can honestly say this is the best camera I have ever owned. The quality is great. It takes great pictures and video. I love the zoom. I also love that it takes AA batteries. I'm no professional, but this camera is awesome.
camera|I recently purchased the FujiFilm Finepix S4200. It is great! I love the SP feature which takes one picture with the flash and without the flash. It leaves out the guess work. I have only had it for a month but I am already happy with it!
camera|Easy to set up, easy to use. Takes great pictures! Nice size! Comes with cords and directions. Easy to install.
camera|the only thing i dislike about this camera is that when i take a picture it takes a while for me to take another one. And it is heavy i went to Nyc for the first time and had the strap around my neck and it made it so sore the next morning.
camera|It is very easy to use! takes really good pictures once you learn the settings. not very heavy and easy to clean!
camera|this is a great camera for beginners. It's easy and fun to use, and it takes good pictures. Eventually I'll upgrade to a DSLR, but for now this is perfect for making a transition. I take pictures at track meets and the shots are amazing!! I'm really happy with this camera.
camera|I bought this camera for my 15 y. o. daughter. She is usually very difficult to please, not this time. She told me that she loves this camera. And she has a photography class in her school where she is friquently using this camera. This Fulifilm camera received exellent reviews from her teacher and other students.
camera|It takes no brain great pix and is easy to download. I just can't stop taking pictures! I keep it in my car so I will have it wherever I go.
camera|This camera is absolutely fantastic. Not only the price, which is fantastic as well but all the features that are build in to this compact, lightweight camera is just amazing. Even doing a close-up is really clear and sharp. I can highly recommend this camera.
camera|i haven't used the camera much so far but this is my first bridge camera and so far i'm astonished by it' capabilities and qualifications.....i already have a casio point and shoot camera which is about only 3o dollars cheaper.....but so far behind in specifications.........part from the size i've always had problems with my hands' stability and definitely solved that.....lastly i just love it's moon pictures!!!!!!!!!!
camera|order the camera after quite a bit of on-line research. i got it really quick being that i was deployed over seas. The camera is easy to use and very user friendly. Love the design and feel. Its equipped with many shooting features and was easy to manipulate with little assistance from manual, but definitely recommended using the manual to get acquainted with all the features of this camera. all in all you can't be it for the price under $200 its is more that fills the interest of an up and coming photographer.
camera|I paid $180 for this camera and gave it to my teenage daughter as a birthday gift in July 2012. She used it a lot on a tripod to take videos of herself and friends dancing, which she uploaded to YouTube. She loved it. But then, within 3 months the lens stopped zooming in and out properly. Simultaneously, the view screen went black. I checked that the warranty was for one year, so I shipped it back. Fuji is claiming it is "impact damage" and wants $150 to "repair it", which is what the camera sells for now. I am not repairing it and our next camera will not be Fuji.
camera|I used the camera for about 10 minutes and couldn't get the flash to fire at all. That seems to be a regular problem with the Fujifilm FinePix S4XXX series. Back to Amazon it goes. Otherwise, it seemed to be a great little camera, but I do need the flash to work.
camera|Nothing I shot was white... No I didnt have it on sepia tone. No matter what I shot it all looked like I had a yellow filter on it. Also whats the point of having a camra thats has a redictulus zoom on a camra if it cant focus on what its zooming on.
camera|Camera works just fine. It takes great pictures and is easy to understand all of its many functions. It will not however clean your room and take out the trash.Would have been nice if a case was included. Mine came with a lens cap ; neck strap; 4 batteries; instruction booklet- and it was packaged well.
camera|Omg, This is an amazing Camera for any price but especially the price I paid for it. Awesome Job! I would buy it again.
camera|Great product for the price. Feels good in your hand when taking pictures... I would buy this point & shoot camera again.
camera|This camera was purchased as a gift and given to someone who loves to take pictures.It is a perfect fit for them. It allows them to take the type of pictures they like and gives them great results. The lens size gives them better clarity and more options for their photos. The detail is over the top and still continues to surprise. I think this gift to person match may be my best ever.
camera|Great camera. Great price. For anyone wanting a really good camera at a really good price, I recommend this camera. It's a little heavy, but not for it's size. I like a heavier camera. It has a neck-strap which is so much better than cameras with the wrist strap (in all fairness, though, the wrist-strap on this camera would not be ideal due to the sheer size and weight of this camera). This camera is perfect for my family.
camera|Only 4 stars because of a dead pixel on arrival, other than that the camera is very nice and Hdmi output is a plus.
camera|I choose this rating because it is a good product. I would recomend it to anyone that enjoyes photography r just enjoys taking photos. It is easy to learn and fun to use. Very nice
camera|I LOVE MY CAMERA..... price was right... and it came in a orderly fashion (day early actually)It works wonderfully... love everything about it.
camera|This camera is #16 in Amazon's top 100 Point and shoot cameras....it should be in the top 5. Great pictures, Super versatility and very easy to use. Fuji should print a more detailed user manual. Great camera for the money.
camera|Great camera for the money! Point of fact for all the people complaining about grainy photos etc. this is a common occurrence for any camera if you take pictures in low light situations. This one actually takes very good pictures in low light settings if you are at all familiar with camera settings and how to adjust them properly. I took several pictures the first night this camera arrived in a darkened living room with the only light source being a 47&#34; television and the cameras flash. Good results. Do not hesitate to buy this camera if you are put off by other reviews! BUY BUY BUY!!!
camera|Bought this product based upon the good reviews. Overlooked the reviews that said the picture quality was not good. Big mistake. The pictures are not clear, and it is impossible to take a clear picture with the zoom lens.Sometimes a low price is the only good thing about an item.Returning the camera and upgrading to a Nikon.
camera|I used mine for a week and at the end I returned it.The only things I like was the price(of course), it has a well design case(good grip) and the zoom. Anything else is just not as good as I expected. I am not expert in taking pictures but things like fast focus, simple menu, light exposure are important for me.
camera|I just got it today, and have had a wonderful time taking pictures in all kinds of light settings, zooming in and out with the additional features, and the installation of the CD for fun stuff to do with the photos is a great bonus! The cable included gives me instant upload ability on the go, and I think this is a great camera for the price!
camera|This would be my first Digital Camera that i have ever purchased. The picture quality and functionality of this device is excellent. Easy to use. I would recommend this device to anyone either starting out with Digital Photography or still consider themselves &#34;Amateur &#34;.
camera|My hubby bought me this camera as a gift to help me kick off my photography business/hobby. This is a great camera to start learning how to use a DSLR. It still can be used like a basic point and click, but you can also change the settings and learn how to adjust the settings like on a professional camera. It takes wonderful pictures, very crisp. Love it.
camera|Obviously, this isn't a professional camera. It's a simple one that is good for roaming cities and snapping memories. But, I don't recommend it if you are looking for extremely high quality. But, it does take decent pictures and has tremendous zoom. Certain features allow the camera to focus on text or smiles which is pretty good considering how little you're paying.
camera|Camera for the amatur photographer. It does what it says it will. Takes great pictures. I wish it came with one of those rechargable batteries, but I guess I'll just have to invest in some rechargable AA batteries.
camera|I was looking for a nice beginners camera for photography and personal photos. this has many different settings and is a great camera all around, zoom is clear, pics are vivid, i'd recommend it to anyone looking for a good, easy to use, and great priced camera!
camera|I use it just for daily family pictures and it is a wonderful camera for the price! very satisfied with the purchase.
camera|Just took this to Tahiti and it performed very, very well. I haven't developed the pictures yet but they all looked good on the viewer. The camera is quick to come so the automatic shut off is no problem. Got about 240 shots with one set of batteries. Bought rechargables so I could recharge each evening and they would last all day.
camera|I guess this is what I paid for but I really don't think the pics are as crisp as they could be. I have played with the settings and they all come out about the same. I should have sent it back but it was $149.00, what can I say I should have popped for a Nikon.
camera|This was just the right camera i was looking for . I do not care for them compact camera's i like the sharp quality this camera has.
camera|great camera, great service EXACTLY WHAT I NEEDED,, PICTURES ARE PERFECT AND THE FEATURES ARE MORE THAN ENOUGH, VERY HAPPY WITH IT
camera|It was what i wanted in a camera. I love it . i have alot of family and love taking pictures.
camera|Purchased this camera for my wife as a transition for him from a point and shoot to a more fully functional camera. It is working well, just enough extras for her hobby work, but not so complex that should could not start using it right away and be happy with it. As she learns and develops her abilities as a photographer this camera seems to be helping her develop her eye and skills, all while having fun. Glass good, lens is good and clear, buttons simple and functional, sturdy little camera. Only drawback she has for it is the on-board flash has to be popped up by hand - non-auto that she has found as yet.
camera|I now wish I h ad had enough money to buy a more well equiped fuji, but am happy with the camera as it is. Getting some great pix with it. Looking forward to spring to get out and about and try out the macro features. I am impressed with the panorama feature. This is my third Fuji camera moving up each time to a better model.
camera|Love this camera. It is very similar to the one I had before it that unfortunately had lens problems. This camera however so far is doing great! It is easy to learn to use, and takes amazing pictures!!
camera|Got this for my wife for Valentines Day after reading some reviews and watching one Customer Vid on it and man oh man were they right.I have used some high dollar SLR's with different lenses and filters which are great, but for a beginner/intermediate user this camera has allthe convenient features of a point and shoot with the ability to pop it in manual and set it up the way you want. The zoom is incredible atthis price point. All in all one of the best cameras at this price I've ever used.
camera|As a Realtor and depend on pictures as our main tool, I couldn't expect much more for the price. a
camera|Its a good camera if you are looking for one and don't want to spend copious amounts of money. Does what you want, does it well. A utilitarian art camera. Worth a look!
camera|It's a great camera, I am learning photography, I do not think becoming a professional photographer but is something I like to do, I like the size and anotomia of the camera, to others it is not heavy and is practical for travel
camera|This camera works like one of those top of the line SLR cameras, except it's only got one lens. It takes panorama and videos. The picture is crystal clear. Best of all, it takes good pictures in very low light without the flash, so the batteries last forever. Yay.
camera|I love this camera. It is easy to use and the photos looks fantastic. I have had many compliments on the pictures I took of our kids at our local nature park. The pictures turned out vivid and rich in color despite the dry winter landscape. The shutter speed works great when trying to capture a moving two year old, too, which is a plus. The video camera is easy to use as well. We filmed our daughter up on a stage at her school spelling bee and the video is clear and sharp. The only drawback was that the photos we took from far away did not turn out very well. They were fuzzy and it was difficult to make out our daughter's face. If you need a camera that can take photos from farther than 24 feet, this is not the camera for you. However, the video turned out fantastic and we were able to make nice photos out of the video we had made. For the price, this camera is wonderful and we are quite happy with it.
camera|This camera I have had my own for at least 5-6 months. It's only good for still photography and not sports or any type of fast photography at all. zoom is pretty good. I would rather suggest someone save their money and buy a canon with a detatchable lens. Sure it costs more but better quality. But if you just do photography as a hobby, this camera is right for you.
camera|This camera is amazing, especially once the selling price, the zoom is huge, and excellent photo resolution! The best camera you can find in this price range.
camera|Came right on time. Works great as expected. Would recommend to everyone for sure!!! This is best purchase ever! Great pic quality!
camera|I had been using a point and shoot (pocket-size) for a few years and decided I needed something with a better zoom for wildlife photos. Having a limited budget limited my choices severely, but was told that Fujifilm makes a good camera. The reviews were good for this particular model, so i purchased it. So far so good. I haven't learned all this camera will do yet (have had it less than a month). There are 2 cons that I have found so far. The first is it doesn't come with a rechargeable battery. Even though the 4 AA batteries last a fairly long time (long enough for several hundred photos), I probably will get weary of having to constantly buy batteries for it. Looking into rechargeable ones and hope that takes care of the problem. The 2nd con is the battery well is often hard to close. For some reason I have to try over and over until it finally clicks. I don't know if it's this particular camera that has the problem, or if they're all like that. It is not easy to close. Other that these two issues, I have had no problems (although I wish it had come with a cloth to clean the lens) and the camera takes great photos. Thanks, Fujifilm!
camera|I've always loved fuji and this one has not let me down. The price is right too. I priced them all over the place. Free shipped is a plus.
camera|I bought this camera for my daughter for Christmas. It is wonderful-she loves it and uses it all of the time. There are many cool features to this camera. I would definitely order from this seller again
camera|Bought for my wife for Christmas gift she had little trouble learning the finer points of using it great pictures ez to use
camera|Bought this for my wife as a christmas present and she was instantly delighted. i can't get her to put it down. definitely worth the money.
camera|I was unaware that this camera used AA batteries rather than a battery pack.Camera is great, pictures are very good quality.Shame on me for not researching more into the item.
camera|This is my first Fujifilm camera, because all my past were sony. This camera is very easy to take photos.The only problem is the battery life is very short and the photo quality is no so good like the sony's cameras that I had.
camera|I am not a professional photographer, but I understand photography, and I regularly trade off shutter-speed, F-stop and CCD &#34;speed&#34; to get the shot I want. Think of this camera as a point-and-shoot with better optics. It does have optical zoom, which is a good thing, but the CCD is clearly pretty small (not sure how small, but surely nothing close to a 35 mm frame). Of course, the cameras that DO have large CCDs are $1000 or more. So my disappointment is that this LOOKS like a real camera, but it isn't.Anyone who has studied the Megapixel wars knows that it's an invalid spec. This camera may have 14 Mpixels, but I'd say the image quality is worse than the last Canon camera I had (which sadly broke) that had only 6 Mpixels. It's really overall a bad thing. A camera with 14 MPixels takes giant images (file size is giant) but the quality is not there. So essentially you are wasting hard-drive space or clogging up your e-mail with files that are probably 5 times larger than they should be becauseof the empty magnification. This camera is loadedwith features to try to get the best shot if you don't know anything about photography, but if you DO know something,it's frustrating. I tried to use aperture priority mode, which should allow you to set the aperture and have the camerachoose the shutter speed to get the shot. This is useful when you want to control depth of field. On this camera, aperturepriority only allows F3.5 (wide open) and F8. I was disappointed that you could not have anything in between. I think it'sbecause it's really not for serious photographers. So ... if you are one ... save your money till you can getsomething that you will like.
camera|For an amateur casual user, like me, this is a really cool camera for the money.. Easy to use and the pics are fabulous.I have not installed the software yet to try it. Mostly bundles software with cameras is pain in the but advertizing and trying to control your PC stuff. But this is the first new camera I have purchased in about 3 years and I am very pleased ....
camera|right now cannot fully understand camera, there is a lin in the viewfinder and i havent been able to eliminate it
camera|Love this camera...read all the review prior to purchase and am very happy with the quality of pictures and video it takes.
camera|Es una muy buena c&aacute;mara, elegida principalmente por la cantidad de caracter&iacute;sticas similares a las c&aacute;maras profesionales. Posee una muy buena optica y un zoom m&aacute;s que suficiente para tomas hechas por no profesionales. La calidad de las imagenes es buena.La recomiendo.
camera|UNA MUY BUENA Y POTENTE CAMARA. ME PARECE QUE ES MUY BUENA PARA LOS QUE INCURCIONAN EN LA FOTOGRAFIA... LA RECOMIENDO 100%
camera|Porque estuvo todo excelente muchisimas gracias, la calidad, era lo que esperaba y lleno mis espectativas. simplemente excelente la voy a recomendar tambien
camera|Entrega rapida, tal como lo promocionan y con todos los accesorios que indicaban. Fueron probados y aprobados. Excelente. Cumple con mis espectativas!
camera|muy bueno, totalmente recomendable. . . e x c e l e n t e p r o d u c t o
camera|I recently made a big change from a Fuji Finepix S9000 to this new model Finepix S4200.I like it show far. It's a bit easier to handle for me since I am disabled.This camera ismuch smaller than my old one. Only con I find is the blink setting. Even without peoplein the picture it says someone blinked. I just disabled it.My eyes disappear when I smile anyway.I am just getting to use it. Taking pictures daily to learn the new settings.This camera is very versatile does a lot of good things. Pictures look good so farI compare to my old camera pictures since there is a good difference of pixels.I would recommend it to people.
camera|The biggest reason I bought this camera was the fact it has a viewfinder which I use almost exclusively. Even though the LCD screen is very clear, having a viewfinder is great for seeing in the bright sunlight. Also having the viewfinder saves a lot of battery life. I can take hundreds of shots without changing batteries. The pictures are very clear and it's easy to use. It even tells you if one of your subjects blinked when you take a shot and then zooms in to show you which one closed their eyes. That way you can take the picture again. This is a great feature as I've missed many shots in the past due to people closing their eyes. It also recognizes if a child smiles and automatically takes the picture so you don't miss the shot. Some reviews I read said the video wasn't very clear but I have taken many video shots and they have always been crystal clear. It has great stop action for those sports shots. It's a great camera especially for the price and I would highly recommend it.
camera|The camera is not an entry-level DSLR, but contains enough features that it will give you that feeling. It has more advanced features than a standard point and shoot. I like the fact that I can make manual adjustments for more complex shots. The focus takes some getting used to but for $200, it was a good purchase. I use it for fashion shoots and I get very good stills, but have not tried the video since I already use a High Definition camcorder for our video work. Since I have had it a very short time, will give better review when I have had time to play with it. BTW, very sturdy built like the more expensive SLR cameras that are out there.
camera|This camara is awesome it has both automatic and manual settings its great for the beginner because until you understand manual mode you can use the automatic settings,then once you get better just switch it to manual mode..
camera|Really happy with the quality of photos this camera produces. The features and controls are easy to use and menu navigation is simple. It is a good camera for a beginner with DSLR or a weekend photographer, like myself.
camera|Was on the market for a new camera and found out that Kodak was not going to make them anymore, so I looked at this camera and a canon, was happy that this one was over a $100 cheaper and had better zoom and many options. I have used it in several lightings and very happy with the results. Can't wait to use it at my kids Spring concert. Will update again then. Great product.
camera|This camera works soooo great! I just got in in yesterday and I'm already taking great photos. It's easy to use and the manual is easy to understand. The only thing is that the HD video doesn't work too well at night, kinda scratchy looking, but in the day time its amazing! I saw some other reviews about the flash not working right, well it works fine for me so far, if anything goes wrong, I'll posy again. Anyways I HIGHLY recommend :)
camera|This is my first "big" camera. I love photography and have always wanted a camera like this. After doing much research and comparing, I decided on the FinePix S4200. I love it! The video quality is beyond amazing! I love that it can recognize faces and when you have blinked. The different modes are amazing as well. My concern was not being able to take macro pictures, but I was amazed by the clarity of the picture. I took a picture of a very small fly and when you zoom in, you can see the little veins on the wings!!! Also, the 24x zoom is spectacular!! I never thought I could read a list from far away.The camera was not hard to figure out and the program needed for it was easy to install. I still have to play with it a little more, but I do have some amazing pictures. I love it! I highly recommend this camera to those who are just starting.
camera|This is a fantastic bridge camera for the price. The picture quality is excellent and it has many features of a great DSLR. I really like that it has an external flash that doesn't just go off automatically. This makes for a much better flash picture. It makes me feel like I'm using one of my favorite 35mm SLR cameras, with the added bonus of a camera with great digital quality!
camera|While I am basically happy with this camera, love the panoramic shooting and the 24x zoom is great. (Note: about 24x is probably about as far as you might want to go in a compact or bridge camera without a tripod) Actually with my current DSLR and its kit lenses I get more zoom with my Fuji. If you do not shoot with a DSLR this will be a step up from your compact camera and has both a wide variety of automatic and manual modes (especially good if you want to learn more about photography without the expense of the DSLR) I tend to take the Fuji places where I am unwilling to take my Olympus DSLR like on my kayak and when I go bike riding, etc. However, it lacks the color depth and richness of my Olympus. It also has a tendency to overexpose,as I saw with my last Fuji, especially skies above darker tree lines. There are two ways you can combat both negatives. Since I am shooting in active situations I tend not to use the manual settings unless I need to control shutter speed, instead I use Program mode and shoot -.03 to -0.7. The other thing you can do is choose the Chrome setting in the menu and what this basically does is up the saturation and contrast, you must be careful about using program and chrome modes together because you can end up with an image that is just as flat because of saturation as you can with an overexposure. (Which in a side note kind of reminded me of Fuji films back in the day) With this said I rather work from an over saturated image and lighten it, if I need to, than try to bring some color back to a sky or highlights.
camera|A very nice cross-over from my Minolta 35mm SLR camera which has to weigh 10 pound with the zoom lense. This Fujifilm camera is light weight and easy to handle with my somewhat arthritic hands. Love the zoom and the large viewing screen. Pictures are clear and brilliant with colors.
camera|This camera works perfectly. It takes great pictures without being an expert photographer. I would always look for this one again. I left one in Nigeria for my office over there. They don't know anything about cameras and look at the pictures on Face Book David Simmons Worldwide Ministry page.
camera|I have a Bell and Howell which can produce fine developed pics the old school way, but this camera is simply the best I have ever owned.
camera|So I bought this camera(not from amazon) but I buy stuff on here frequently so I figured i'd lay a review on here. I am just getting into photography, but it has always been an interest. I usually just get something new, review it, then come back to either add/remove starts and add to my original review. I got this camera on Saturday as an early Christmas present from my roommate. I had been raving about wanting a Nikon, but since I'm new at this I thought a not so expensive starter camera would be just fine. As I get better I hope to upgrade to a nikon dslr. To start it feels really good in your hands. Not cheap, but not too heavy. Easy to turn on and fast which is great for suddenly deciding to take a picture. It is not difficult to figure out how to use the wide variety of controls and photo variations. It comes with a strap and lens cap. The strap isn't the best, but it does its job. I carried it around with me on Saturday taking test shots of random things, the pictures came out really well considering it was raining. The person I'm dating right now is really into photography so with their help I will take some photos, post them, and add to this review as the week goes on. From what I can tell so far this is a great bridge camera for starters.
camera|I opened it up to check it for my daughter. I didn't peruse everything but it takes great pics and very sturdy camera! It came with a memory card- bonus! and love the case.
camera|While you can make most settings manually, I usually get better pics using the automatic settings. Has more features than I'll ever need. Doesn't come with a memory card.
camera|It can get some really nice shots however i cant get clear shots constantly. My old kodak i could but it was showing age. So, i may get this camera down to get good pics everytime but havent got it yet.
camera|I've tried this camera and is excellent for an average person who is looking a nice but cheap camera. I'm not professional on photography but thanks to this S4200 I'm starting to like it a lot and my girlfriend who knows about cameras says it very nice camera even for her who has a t4i. I'm very happy with it... so far already has a month and I havent had any issues. Any way if your are thinking for a normal $100 -$230 camera, this is the one for you.
camera|I am very pleased with the camera. I have been surprised by the battery life. Haven't tried all the features yet but the common ones are very easy to use. A little disappointed that it doesn't have as many photo format selections as my pocket camera does, seems like that would be an easy thing to install. Color is good, zoom is good. Haven't had any issue with the sound of the motor in video. Low light is better than expected. A good buy for the money.
camera|This camera is easy to operate and is without a doubt a most pleasant surprise . The camera takes terrific photos. I'm very pleased with my purchase and would reccommend this to a friend.
camera|I love this camera! The panorama feature is awesome, I love using it. The flash works great, I use it for most of my photos. The camera took a while to get to the door, but it was worth the wait. It isn't great at focusing and usually has grainy pictures without a flash.
camera|Love it! Having a tough time with the focusing hang zooming. Ridiculous price! Very happy.So far my piece are beautiful.
camera|This camera takes amazing pictures. It has an amazing zoom that will knock your socks off. But there's also some not so amazing things about it. For one, it requires you to fully power up the camera, including removing the lens cap, when you hook it up to your computer to transfer files. So instead of an actual USB mode, which EVERY camera I've previously owned has had, this one requires you to fully power it up, remove the lens cap, potentially get it dirty while the display runs at full bright white. Annoying as heck and ultimately is potentially damaging. The other thing is the macro mode. Do NOT buy this camera if taking close-ups is a major thing for you. It just really sucks at that. The auto-focus is so completely non-functional in macro mode that the mode might as well not exist.NOW, having said all that, if you want a camera with a really good zoom that takes good pictures of people and the countryside, this does that very well. Just be prepared to use up a lot of your battery transferring files, and don't ask it to take close-ups.
camera|Fujifilm FinePix S4200 Digital CameraI received the camera and was very excited because I had read previous reviews. I usually buy Canon Cameras but the price was very good on the Fuji Camera. I currently order a small Fuji and it has always worked well.I received the camera and got it all set up, took a couple pictures to check out the zoom and to see how it looks. I then put it back in the bag because I bought this camera for vacations and other important pictures. I got it out about a week later to read and understand more about this camera and the batteries were dead?? I replaced batteries and reset up the date and time, etc. Went thru the camera and the manual. Put it away. Was getting ready for vacation so I got the camera out to make sure it was ready and again the batteries were dead. I called Fujifilm and they didn't know what was wrong with the camera and told me to send it in. I took it on vacation first and then sent it in to be fixed. I bought this camera in July 2012 and sent it in September 2012. Now I get a note saying the parts are not under warranty??? Most all products have a year long warranty. VERY DISAPPOINTED and will never buy Fuji cameras again.
camera|its a great cam it didnt come with the peices to connect to the computer with...but it takes great pics.
camera|This thing is great, it was shipped so quickly,i highly recommend this camera. Very impressed, i would order again,no dobut.
camera|I am very pleased with all the options of this camera. Takes good pictures in all different settings. Price is a great bonus.
camera|all o.k. great product. function normally and i like your goods. manufactures is o.k. i will buy in the future other products.
camera|Its really hard to get the camera to focus at night. I use it to take pictures during parties and most of the time the pictures come out blurry. During the day takes nice pictures. Maybe its because I still do not know how to use it well. otherwise its alright i mean dont compare it with a Cannon. Oh one more thing i didnt like that you cant manually focus the camera compared to other but as i said its alright.
camera|Fujifilm FinePix S4200 Digital CameraThe camera is fine. However, the software that came with it sucks. Also the basic manual is lacking in depth. I recommend downloading the manual from the Fujifilm web site. It is much easier to read on the computer. It might be a good idea to print it. Be advised there are 131 pages to the downloaded manual for this S4200 camera. I gave it 4 stars because the movies could be better.
camera|I've loved using this camera. The one thing I learned is that the flash mode is pretty important. So I ususally use the flash for every picture, even if I'm taking pictures outside. Other than that, it's great. It takes great pictures, it's easy to use, and it's very economical.
camera|used to have one of this but after a couple of years it stop working properly and the warranty didn't the damage. now that i have it back, i can feel complete= SBK+CAMARA+ROAD!! awesome thx!!
camera|Great camera easy to operate. The only problem I had was in the on and off switch after 3 days of use it got stuck in the off position. I have to manipulate the switch manually to get the camera to turn on. unfortunately, I did not take the warranty on the camera.
camera|I am not sure what I expected from this camera. I guess I was naively thinking that this would be like a DSLR camera and take amazing photographs. I was wrong. This is like carrying around a giant digital camera, so basically, if you have a decent digital camera, just keep it and don't waste your money on this Fujifilm. I just decided to go for the splurge, even though I wasn't sure, and pay alot for a DSLR camera because that is what I ultimately wanted. I bought the Canon Rebel T4i, and I am NOT disappointed so far. Basically the only reason why I did not like this camera is because it is a typical digital camera only with a bigger body and looks fancier.
camera|I bought this camera based on the reviews of previous customers. This camera does not do as well with pictures taken inside with low light. It's an okay camera but I am not impressed and the camera does not live up to the reviews.
camera|
camera|wonderful camera lot of functions has good has a high end it's good if you have not had one before
camera|Bought this camera as a S4250 from Walmart. Took it out of the box put batteries in, inserted memory card, turned it on and had no image. All the menus would work but nothing in the view finder from the lens. My daughter was devastated her Christmas present didn't work. She had to leave the next morning and did not have her camera for her trip 6 states away to see her relatives Fugifilm better make this good.
camera|I ended up buying the Panasonic LUMIX ZS19 which I love and think takes much higher quality photos and has a much faster shutter speed than this fujifilm. So if you want a super-zoom (20X optical) spend the extra money, if you want to spend $100 get a small point and shoot that doesn't try to have super-zoom which ends up sucking.
camera|picture oks just not bad for the money wish I went for a better camera I usually do but seemed to be ok
camera|I purchased the camera after reading a lot of good reviews. The pictures were for the most part decent quality, and the optical zoom pictures were acceptable.The video zoom only went to 3x, and the video quality with optical zoom, just plainly sucked. When the camera malfunctioned to work again after changing batteries, I sent it back to Amazon. Amazon gave me a quick credit on my account.I then ordered a Panasonic Lumix ZS20, and so far this is much better camera. Pictures are real nice with the 20x zoom, and the video can be recorded in multiple scenes, at high optical zoom settings.
camera|Was persuaded to order this S4200 when this it came up for about $155 last week...I have a Lumix ZS15 that I really like, but had to try this S4200, because I once had a Fuji F30 (no zoom to speak of) that I loved.PROS:--Pleasantly surprised by its sharpness in good light - even indoor bright light.--The flash malfunction that so many report was no problem on my unit...but I only took about 20 flash pictures. Those I took came well balanced.--Nice feel and good functional layout - body is plastic and light , but somehow it felt fine, and easy to grip.--Very good color outdoors (only).--Outdoor video was not spectacular, but decent. Focus seemed okay, and mine had no zoom problem.CONS:--Indoor color was often very poor, very red. - selecting Incadescent or anything else gave other poor results. WB is not adjustable that I saw.--Indoor video was better color than many stills (??), but not very good.Might have kept this S4200 if it had been my first digital cam or my first superzoom, maybe. For $150, and if the flash problem has been fixed, it is not all that bad.
camera|The problem I had before with an other camera was that when I zoomed in the pictures came out blurry. With this camera the pictures come out sharp and clear. I like it.
camera|For my senior project I was creating an online portfolio of my work in the form of a blog, and I really wanted visual enhancements. I purchased this camera after months of research and price checking and seeking advice. It is worth every penny that I paid for it and I love it. It's super user friendly and it only took me about a day or so of use to really get the hang of using it. I learned early on that purchasing rechargeable batteries is a must though! It takes beautifully clear pictures, even from very far away. I also love the weight of it, because when I was researching it, a lot of people mentioned that it was small for a camera that does what this one does, and I wanted it to be substantial. The LCD screen is the best! I would definitely recommend this camera for first-timers who are enthusiastic and who want great quality pictures. I am now eagerly awaiting a tripod/case set in the mail!
camera|I purchased the Fuji S2400 as a second camera. My other is a S1500. The S4200 has a couple of features that my old camera doesn't. I especially like the smile detection. It's great for taking pictures of small children who you have to make smile. As soon as the camera detects the smile it snaps the picture. I also like the larger lcd screen. Battery life is excellent and will be as long as you're using non-rechargeable. In my experience rechargeable batteries have less that half the life of plain old AA batteries. I use Duracell ProCell and one set will last 500 pictures or more. The camera takes awesome pictures, even in low light.
camera|camera takes very high quality pictures and has excellent auto focus. the panorama mode allows high quality photos without being far away. battery life is very long. i highly recommend the camera.
camera|After doing a lot of research, I decided to purchase the Fujifilm FinePix S4200 camera. The features and stats were impressive in print, and when I did a hands-on test of several cameras at a store, this camera performed well.I realized that there would be a learning curve for this model (my last camera had lasted over seven years with heavy use, and I've been a photography enthusiast for over 25 years) but it's been two weeks and I cannot say that I'm overly impressed with the images from this camera.Nearly every picture taken requires editing with color correction/contrast and sharpness being the main issues. I can accept that the sharpness may need tweaking to get the best out of an image, but having to correct the color all the time? To me, this is not acceptable. I reviewed pictures taken with my last camera (a Kodak) during the first couple weeks and there were no color issues present. It seems that the majority of photos have a touch (at the very least) of yellow that is unattractive. It doesn't matter what settings I use (or if I adjust the white balance), yellow seems to creep in.Photographs taken outside are slightly better. With editing, the pictures can be extraordinary. I like taking pictures of trees and clouds, and I was able to adjust the color balances in Photoshop to create beautiful images.This evening I sat down to experiment more with the various settings, and out of 107 photos (of fruit and nature), only 10 were acceptable (and probably would require Photoshop tweaking before sharing). I didn't expect every photo to turn out perfect since I was experimenting, but for the majority of them to look pretty bad is disappointing. I suppose it is an interesting point that when I took macro photos of a banana bunch, the yellow was washed out to the point that they looked tan in most shots (go figure, no yellow when it's appropriate).The software that comes bundled with the camera, MyFinePix Studio, is horrible. I have installed/uninstalled it several times and it still doesn't work. In fact, it only worked the very first time I used it, and now it puts up a plethora of error messages every time I insert a memory card or attach my iPod to my computer. I'm ready to permanently uninstall it.Since I have a few more days in the 30 day return period, I plan on trying a few different types of settings, such as taking pictures of animals available for adoption, before giving up on this camera. It's a shame because there are several positive aspects about this camera. The panoramic feature is nice, the body of the camera feels substantial and "camera-like" in my hands, and the flash responds fast (no lag between photos). The battery life seems to be very good (I have spent two weeks on the ones that came with the camera. I've taken around 500 photos on these batteries).I hope that I can quickly figure out how to eliminate some of the problems I've had with this camera so that I don't have to return it.
camera|I have used this camera for a couple of months now and really love it! The perfect &#34;gate&#34; camera to bridge the gap between a point and shoot and the expensive brands with interchangable lenses. I especailly like the rangefinder option which is, oddly, hard to find these days. On a sunny day on the beach it is very nice to look through a rangefinder to actually see your composition. I also love the digital zoom. I have gotten very fine pictures of birds at a football field's distance. It has a built in stabilizer to reduce the shaking associated with long shots. That said, i would recommend a tripod for long shot stability. I like the use of AA batteries which are quickly available to replace when you are in a pinch. I recommend rechargeable batteries, although i have taken 120 medium sized images with flash for a birdhouse showing on one set of batteries. I called their support line for help setting up the digizoom and got a real person who quickly helped me to set it up. Quite a bonus. The on-line instruction manual is also very useful. Highly recommend for the price!
camera|This is my second Fijifilm S4200.I purchased my first S4200 from another vendor with some extras.. I was not rellay expecting anything but a &#34;vanilla&#34; camera.... I read the reviews.. but, I do not put much faith in reviews. I have been &#34;burned&#34;... before ...You can read this one and decide for yourself..FACT: This camera is truly amazing... I have several cameras including 2 very &#34;pricey&#34; Canon digital SLRs.. they are very good cameras ..but, this one for the price is a.... REAL DEAL.. I have taken outdoor , indoor, fast motion video, wide panorama shots, &#34;stiched&#34; pictures and all have been spectacular......resolution. color composition, color value and hue... all superThe 720P HD is fine.. I have a couple of 1080P digital SLRs.... I can't see any real difference in the video quality..My second purchase was from Amazon.com...(obiviously)It was a little less expensive than the first and will be a Christams gift..It YOU are looking for a very good , well designed, full featured, high zoom, 14MP, Digital SLR with good build qaulity,..this is the one for you.. hands downIf you want a 30X zoom.. there is the Fujifilm S4500.. But the reviews are not as strong...for that camera.. go figure?
camera|I was hoping I made a good choice when I ordered this. I'm not an expert on cameras or anything. I read a few reviews here and it's a pretty popular item. I went ahead and ordered it, figured if a lot of people like it then there must be something that I would like! I was right - it's a nice, weighty camera. Has a lot of options. As soon as I got it I took a few practice shots. At first things were a little blurry but not to worry...it takes nice sharp pictures. Just be careful not to get too close to your subject when you take a picture. I think that's true with any camera. It's a nice camera, though. Go ahead and buy it. I liked it. I'm glad I bought it. You'll probably want to buy 4 extra batteries with a charger. Not expensive. If you don't and keep buying batteries it will get expensive. But that's just my advice. I bought one. I also bought an 8 MB memory card. Those aren't expensive either. This camera takes really nice pictures of birds. I bought it for the foliage. I live in Vermont. The mountains and the fall foliage are beautiful.
camera|Camera arrived fast and in perfect conditions. I start using it right away and I'm loving it. Easy to use and good quality.
camera|This is my second finepix series cameras. In my experience the line is flawed by easily breakable parts and cameras. I will digress from the S4200 experience for a moment with my experience with the XP10 which was supposedly shockproof, among other things. I did in fact drop the camera -- about 6 inches total from my hands to the kitchen counter. This had the effect of killing the pixels on the viewscreen in about a 1 cm diameter right where you need to see to focus. The pics it took were still good, but the big black circle on the viewfinder made taking pictures a little more challenging.Fast forward to the S4200, which I got despite my prior experience. My wife and I had the unit for about 3 months before the shutter button (which also acts as the zoom control) snapped off. The button is cheaply made plastic and held on to the unit with 2 thin plastic rods.This will most likely be my last fuji camera. The pictures are fine and if you want some kindof a bridge camera that won't last more than a year, then this would work. But personally, I would save your money (in the long term) and spend a little more for a more durable camera.Two stars as the pics were good. But that is about it.
camera|I am no true professional, but I have grown up using primarily Nikon cameras. I did take photography, and do know the basics. We are on a tight budget, and I wanted something other than a standard point-and-shoot, so I opted for a bridge camera. My first "bridge" was a Nikon Coolpix 8600 back in 2001 which ran me $700.00!After much research, I decided on this model. I haven't had it long, so I will be updating this review again soon.Initial take: great size and easy to hold/handle. Fairly easy to maneuver through the menus, so long as you read the FULL manual which you have to download. (These manufacturer's are getting too cheap to even bother putting the full manual in with the product anymore)!Quick shutter time, and ability to catch your shot quickly even though it seems there is a lag.Disappointed in the fact that this camera does extremely poor in low light situations on auto setting. I was taking indoor photos at our local pool which had plenty of natural and flourescent light, but this camera refused to take any shots on auto below 1600 ISO. Therefore, the shots were horribly grainy, dark, and slightly out of focus. Take the camera outside, it is overcast. Again, I use auto setting, and again, plenty of natural light. The camera decides to take the pics at 800 ISO, which for the lighting conditions seemed overly high to me. Again, photos were blurred and grainy. I used the P setting instead, and bumped my max ISO setting to 400. At this time, the photos seem to be FAR better, but there are still some issues with low light situations. Being I am familiar with cameras and their functions, I can probably adjust the shutter/ISO and aperature to my tastes, but of course this takes away from the ease of a "point and shoot" where I want to use one.I will be experimenting this week with this camera, and see how well it performs in all situations. If it fails to meet my needs or seems to be too much a hassle to deal with, it will be going back to Amazon. On a good note, I've had no issues with the flash not firing as some others have experienced.
camera|My last camera was a Sony Cyber-shot DSC-W690, which got wet and died. I was planning to get another one - I loved it, but ran across this instead and after looking at reviews all over the web, decided, &#34;Sure, why not.&#34;I'm pleased with it. It takes crisp, clear pictures without a lot of noise (I'll upload them once I find the cord), the color looks true, the optical zoom is fantastic, the face-recognition is kinda cool, and the flash doesn't leave a glare or strange shaddows, the video is fine as far as I can tell (haven't put it on the TV yet), it's easy to use out of the box, the battery life is impressive, and, for its class (read, not $1,000 + DSLR), it beat my expectations. It's nice and heavy and the hand grip is comfortable.My only issues are the shutter speed (a bit slow, the sony didn't have that problem), night shots (go for an Olympus SP-620UZ for amazing night shots), and auto-focus while in macro (which I'm sure requires more practice time with the camera).
camera|Only giving 4 stars because I'd like to see how long it lasts. I bought this cameraa because of the reviews for great macro photography. I resisted the urge to start playing around with it before reading the manual. I read it first yes almost all of the manual. Then I turned it on and went through the manual again this time with the camera in hand to check out all the controls. I have a lot of time on my hands fortunately.The camera takes really awesome macro photos. No kidding! My brother is a professional photographer and I showed him the photos and he said "for a novice you take good photos" I was tempted to take credit for it but NAW I just showed him the camera. lol.. It works great for what I bought it for. It also takes pretty good photos in the right settings. The zoom is almost unbelievable for a camera this price range. Just make sure you are not zooming on something thats close or it will not focus. Yup I tried... The flash works too contrary to the reviews I read.That said. The camera does feel a little flimsy until you insert the four batteries it uses and them BAM it feels a lot better. It is easy to use if you know how to read so I recommend READ the manual.I couldn't find any reviews regarding the memory and I tried it with 500mb (4 speed i think) and 16gb (10 speed) and both worked awesome. Only thing I noticed was the video allowance went up from 2 mins with 500mb to 9mins and a few seconds with the 16gb therefore size of the card matters not so with another GE "dslr" i bought and returned.It didnt come with the lens strap and I contacted customer service and they resolved that issue without any hassles at all. Awesome customer service.I think I about covered everything I experienced so far. I will add the last star when it lasts up to a year as my nikon, and canon point and shoot have. My verdict? Great camera for the price.. don't take my word for it.. Get it.
camera|I recieved this camera yesterday and couldn't wait to try it out. I take pictures of our horses and need a good quality photo along with being able to have the zoom when I need it most. I will say the zoom isnt as good as I thought it would be by watching the video review (which is what sold me on this camera). I wanted more reach across a pasture then what it gave me. But what can you expect for a cheaper camera? I am familiar with digital cameras and was able to take this one out of the box, put in the batteries and my SDHD card and started shooting right away. This camera in my opinion does so much better in a (light condition). The subject is not as clear and seems grainey in darker rooms (window rooms). After I found that out I went and took some pictures of the horses. I LOVE action pictures and took one of the horses eating out of the round bale and you could see every particle of hay flying in the air!!.. which was amazing to me at a 24X zoom. I have had trouble zooming toward objects behind another object (as in horses behind fences), the camera I had always targeted on the object in front and I hated that... This one in auto will target what you want which is very helpful!! This camera to me is def. a $200+ camera. The HD video is pretty sweet as well. Very clear BUT don't like that you can't zoom while in video recording mode, as some digital cameras will do. I will say I haven't really shopped around and bought this one pretty quickly when I seen the specs and video review... I know I have some negative comments about this camera but it truely is a great camera for the $!! I have to remind myself that those cameras that I need are over the $1,000 range.. So why buy a camera for that much when this one can do about the same?? :)
camera|If you are in need of a digital camera that is responsive enough to capture those special moments, and you are also on a budget, this may be the perfect camera for you. This camera is very programmable, giving you complete control of its many features that enable you to get great shots in any environment. Also, this camera includes various automatic modes for the casual user. While it does not perform as well as the more expensive DSLR cameras, it does capture clear, crisp, natural-looking pictures. This camera works well indoors, outdoors, capturing moving objects, and taking family portraits.
camera|This is a great camera for a novice like me. I am just getting into photography. I have always loved to take pictures, but have recently wanted to get into taking more professional shots. This camera is a bridge between the point and shot and the select every setting yourself. It will do the point and shot, but it also allows you to make some manual settings. I have completely enjoyed this from day one.
camera|I was given this camera to replace my Konica-Minolta Dimage, it isn't being made anymore. Let me say this is no Dimage. But it is a lovely little camera. I needed it to take pictures of products. With my old camera I had special aperture settings. I was surprised that this camera was perfect with the automatic settings and two 100 watt daylight fluorescent screw in bulbs. No special setting needed. Very little Photoshop adjusting to do.The other reasons I wanted this camera was the ability to do movies and it seems to do that. I only gave it a quick try. 14 megapixels was a shock. Large files but great detail. I love that is uses regular batteries. In a pinch, in the field and you need new batteries you can buy them anywhere. I use rechargables and always have an set ready to go.I use a tripod to take pictures but the camera seems to have anti shake and all of my pictures were sharp.This camera is plastic which makes it lighter than my Dimage.It does lots of things and would probably be great for taking pictures of people. It does close-ups and that can make it fun.IT DOESN'T COME WITH A SD CARD! So you will have to buy one. Be careful as this camera won't work with the Extreme SD cards. You need to look for one with a "4". I got a card 16 gig card for under 20 dollars.The manual is thin and easy to grasp. Not the tome I had with my friends' Canon Rebel. I was taking pictures very quickly.You can't beat the price when you compare it to the changeable lens cameras. It is, like the call it, a bridge camera. It is cute, light, and full of fun features. The continuous mode looks intriguing as my cats never sit still. I always get a picture of the backs of their heads.
camera|For years I have used the large, heavy FinePix S7000 and found it a versatile and dependable workhorse. After 10 years of hard abuse it still works fine but for as inexpensive as the S4200 is with a 24x optical zoom I decided it was worth trying out. So far so good, it's smaller, much lighter and much much easier on the batteries. My biggest gripe about the S7000 was battery life. Every time I took it out I had to make sure I had a pocket full of batteries. When the S4200 arrived a stuck in 4 alkaline batteries to test it out. I've since shot about 500 shots on those same batteries which to me is amazing. The battery icon still shows plenty of juice left.I'm still learning the features and settings but it offers a lot of options. The lens is impressive but note that you will need to steady the camera when fully zoomed which is to be expected.Remember this isn't a $1000 SLR so don't expect it to act like it. My impression with the S4200 is that you would probably have a very hard time finding any camera that gives you more for the dollar.
camera|This camera is great bang for the buck. We purchased ours on a whim from Wal-Mart in March (the S4250 Wal-Mart variant). We got it just a few dollars cheaper than the Amazon price ($199) at the time, plus it included coupons for 100 free 4x6 prints at Wal-Mart, so it seemed like a reasonable deal. I've been able to do a lot of things with this camera that our previous point and shoot cameras could not do. You can change the fstop and shutter speed to get some great lower light night shots. I did a time lapse of an incoming thunderstorm one night in August and came up with a pretty good video, you could make out a lot of details and of course see the lightning flashes. Also, you can buy an adapter tube and put on additional filters and lenses. The only downside is that if you use a telephoto lens, it doesn't play nice with the autofocus. Your best bet is to get either a really, really high quality 72 MM or larger telephoto lens, or just invest in a DSLR camera without autofocus if you want to use a telephoto lens. But even so, with some patience you can even work out nice shots with a telephoto lens. My favorite attachment is a variable neutral density filter with 2-8 stops in tandem with our adapter tube and UV filter. With these items I can produce some great images in all weather conditions. The neutral density filter is particularly useful this time of year, when there is snow that can oversaturate an image, or if you want to get a shot with a slower shutter speed on a bright, sunny day. Altogether we have around $320 dollars invested in this camera, and despite it's limitations being a point and shoot, it produces high-quality results that are comparable to more expensive point and shoots and DSLRs on the market. This is an economical choice.
camera|I read reviews and specs. for all brands and models for ultra zoom digital point and shoots in the under $200 price point. The deciding factors for me was the 24X optical zoom, the use of AA batteries and the inclusion of the view finder on top. I just wish it had come in red like a few others. Before my camera arrived, I downloaded the owners manual and read all. It is nice to be able to review details at my computer. The small basic manual in the box gets you started but to fully enjoy all the functions the downloaded version is a must. My previous digital is a Kodak easyshare with HD and 5x zoom, that I have been using and enjoying for the past 5 years. After a trip to Yellowstone/Grand Tetons I realized 5x zoom didn't cut it and that I would look for a new camera. I will still take the Kodak at times I need to have one to pop in a pocket when taking interior shots of our rental properties but for travel and family pictures the Fuji has everything I want in an upgrade. I have been taking a number of test shots mainly outdoors in various light and this zoom is like having binoculars! If I steady my arm I can get zooms with little blur. I am so happy that it has the view finder as it helps not having to look down esp. in outdoor sunlight. The overall size and feel is great and basic shooting in Auto is a snap. I have a lot to learn and try out when it comes to features and the menu. I was documenting a flood damage at one of our units with the Kodak and in the middle of it the battery went dead. It has been frustrating as it gives no warning. I know that with the Fuji I can just pop in new AAs and continue. I finished the project the next day with the Fuji and pictures were great in auto even in poor lighting and without the flash.The Kodak has 14mp so this Fuji quality of shots was similar. Then, I took a picture of my dog and was amazed that I could see individual hairs!I got this with a bundle including perfectly fitting Fuji camera case, 16gb class 10 card, extra rechargable AAs with charger, car charger and misc. cleaning kit. Well worth the $169 I paid. Looks like prices are coming down so jump on it. I am very satisfied with this purchase.
camera|I've had this camera for about 2 months now and I'm not too sure I like it. It was a baby shower present for me, & Ive been using it since my daughter was born. It works best in the sunlight on cloudy days, but inside the house, the pictures are grainy unless you use flash. Ive had no problems with my flash. I've always used rechargeable AA batteries with it, & they worked perfectly, but I lost my charger recently. Now I'm using normal AA's but every new set i put in, the camera says they're dead when I know they're not. Does anyone know how to fix that? Also when I recieved the camera, the display ring on the front fell off and wont go back on, so now I can't even use the lens cap.
camera|5/15/12 - I've only had it a few hours and alittle dissapointed. I hate it when people leave reviews after barely having a product but first impressions do matter. Anyways I was so excited to get my camera after having perfect reviews. I recieved it a day earlier than estimated which was awesome, ordered on Friday got it Tuesday! After reading the instructions I was ready to snap away. I installed the batteries and memory card. It kept giving me an error on the card even though it was the right kind. After about 2 hours of messing with it the batteries, the ones included, were dead. The batteries and the right side of the camera become very hot only after a half hour. I was iffy about getting a camera without a battery pack cause they never last long but I thought I would be able to take more than 5 pics. I ordered some lithium batteries and hope they are able to last longer and I am able to take more pictures and get more use out of it to know if I really like it! I hope I remember to leave another review in a couple of weeks!5/16 - I ended up sending the camera back. I went through 8 AA batteries within 5 hours. It kept giving me a error message with my memory card, on random and nothing was wrong with it. Also the flash didn't work. Dissapointed. On the hunt for a few camera.
camera|the price was right combined with the carrying case and sd card.It takes wonderful pics and the zoom is awesome the best feature is having a view finder that you can actully put your eyes to which makes for faster locking in of your picture and a much better framing of shot.
camera|After reading everyone else's reviews prior to purchasing this camera I was a little hesitant about my flash working .... Needless to say after playing Witt the camera for weeks .. Reading yelp answers and the manual the flash still does not work!! It's very frustrating! I'm returning it this week!
camera|I was truly expecting the high picture quality that this Fugifilm product delivers. But the multitude of features that are included are phenomenal! Fully automatic in numerous modes, or fully and flexibly manual.you can play and experiment with this model and never get bored. HD video quality and sound is quite good. And the 24x zoom coupled with high pixel count gives amazing results. Read the whole manual and be amazed at what this camera can do at a point and shoot price. Buy it.Not giving the fifth star because the viewfinder image quality is a minor low point on an otherwise fabulous camera.
camera|I should have waited to get the camera I wanted: a big zoom digital camera with high light sensitivity (for night pictures) and excellent clarity (no noise), but this was too good a price to pass up ($129.00) and all that I could afford. It's an OK camera for what it does. I would have bought a Canon or Nikon on sale for around the same price (because they takes clearer pictures) but they didn't have a viewfinder. A viewfinder is a must (for me) when zooming. The button to switch to viewfinder on the S4200 is out of reach with one hand. The viewfinder also doesn't have a focus (needed for people who wear glasses). The camera is a little heavy (because of the batteries) and the grip is a bit too big. The pics ae a bit grainy (noise) especially if zoomed. The 'panorama' setting is cool. Came with alkeline batteries which don't last long (get rechargeable batteries) and didn't come with a memory card. Focusing sometimes takes awhile. Have to fiddle with the lens cap to get it to stay on and battery compartment is flimsy. The batteries always fall out when I take the memory card out to upload pics to the computer. I've had about 4 cheaper point-n-shoot camera with zooms 18x or greater. This is better than the Samsung HZ50W (the zoom broke in less than a year and lots a noise); a Minolta (took the clearest pics (the display viewer broke); and the one I liked the best so far, a Panasonic Lumix DMC-FZ18 (but focusing problems and noise). All had a feature or two that the others didn't have that I liked. The FujiFilm is Ok until I can save up enough money to get a DSLR.
camera|If you get this camera.. read the directions and you will love it..Can't say enough good things. Knowing how to use this camera is a must. Once you learn,,You will be amazed at the pictures. The zoom is awesome. A tri-pod is a must for long long zoom. But over-all. it is excellent!! This camera after we read all the instructions takes better pictures then my friends canon rebel. If your looking at this camera. Don't worry about all the but the pictures were fuzzy. That's because they didn't read the directions. You will love this camera...
camera|When I first saw this camera, warning bells seemed to ring in my head. A camera this nice, for this price? No way. But as I continued to search through the information, I found it was really a top notch, as-good-as-it-gets-for-a-digital piece of technology. It has 14 megapixels (it could be better, but oh well) and an amazing, controllable (no tripod necessary) 24x zoom. How nice is that, for the unbeatable price of 149$ (what I got it for, prices change)? I was looking to upgrade my nikon coolpix L23, which is a good compact camera, but I needed a little more to pursue photography.So I put my money down and bought it, taking my risks with the questionable price. I also purchased a case, 2 tripods, and a strap.When it finally arrived, I was overjoyed. Not only did the package include a camera, it included 3 instruction manuals, a lens cap, a strap (I guess I have an extra), 4 AA batteries (requires 4), and a CD with more instructions. The camera does have some weight to it, so I would highly recommend a strap. It came with a full package that was not even mentioned, which was even more for my money! Talk about a good deal!But the real tests were the quality of the pictures. So I went out into my yard and began to shoot, and found the pictures came out even better than I could have guessed. I still haven't figured out all the settings, but I haven't read all the instructions, either.The only thing it didn't come with was an SD card, which I thankfully already had, but it's needed. I have 32gb, and I haven't run out of memory still, so the pictures don't take up enormous amounts of space.This camera is a great deal, and has had no problems. I would highly recommend this to anybody looking to upgrade, it's easy and good in quality. Don't hesitate to make the purchase because it really is what it claims to be.I hope this helped!
camera|Got this for half the price of the S3000 I bought years ago. Only had it a couple days so far, so haven't put it through it's paces. I was pleasantly surpised that the camera came with both a carrying case and a 4g card. The fit and finish seems good, like like my old camera, in spite of being plastic.10/5/12; have uses it more and am quite satisfied.
camera|This machine is for those who do not want complicated, I have a Nikon D - 3000 SRL with several lenses and a telephoto zoom Sigma 70-300 macro and other interesting additions. I found after I bought it was heavy and complicated for long trips. Fujifilm finepix 4200 recommend bridge camera as one of the best options in every way (easy handling and light) at a great price, I am impressed with the quality of the photographs and lots of options and recommend them. Thanks to "Amazon" to offer these products that solve fast, invite you to know I have uploaded some photos to see what you think.
camera|I had a prevoius model of this FinePix that I bougth 4 years ago. I enjoyed it and in general I had taken very good pictures, but this new version is definite a lot better and for an even better price. I just started using it and so far I love it, I'm enjoying it very much...
camera|We wanted a good camera that wasn't going to break the bank that was good for home use. We're NOT professional photographers but enjoy having a camera that can handle taking great everyday shots and doesn't do too bad with portraits, either. The S4200 doesn't disappoint! Works great, easy to use and looks like it will last a long time.
camera|I bought this camera for my husband to use when we go on vacations, and the only problem is that we both want to use it and there's only one of them!This camera is great and easy to learn. It won't replace our little point and shoot because it is a bigger camera that won't fit into my purse, but I purchased a camera bag at the store so my husband can carry it while we're being tourists.The zoom on this thing is awesome - the pictures still come out really clear but we're able to zoom really far away. The images are crisp and clear and the different settings help us to take better pictures even though we're not photo hobbyists or professionals.I think of this camera as an in-between of SLR and point-and-shoot - great for people who don't want to fiddle with f-stops, lighting, etc., that you have with an SLR but want better picture quality and zoom than your typical point and shoot.
camera|I was looking for a camera I could use to take photos of birds/nature, and bought this one because I read a review that said this one was a great choice for that purpose. I'm pleased to report that review was right on the money!PLUS--1. This camera is very easy to use: you can basically point and shoot, and the camera does a very good job of compensating for your bone-headed mistakes. You can use some bells and whistles to make particular types of photos look better, and I do recommend that you actually read the manual before using.2. Quite light weight. You will of course get better overall results with a tripod, but I have so far never used one, and am quite pleased with the quality of most of my photos. Stationary bird photos look great--but take numerous photos of birds in flight to increase your odds of capturing a great shot! I'm also quite pleased with the color in fall foliage/landscape photos.MINUS--1. If you are planning on taking lots of long-range photos, a camera with a more powerful zoom is definitely in order. Most shots I take are fairly close-in to mid-range, and this camera is great for that work.2. Battery life is somewhat shorter than I'd hoped--so carry extras in the field to avoid disappointment. In the camera's defense, I do take lots of photos each trip.3. A minor quibble--you were probably planning to buy a chip for added photo capacity anyway, and I highly recommend the Transcend 16 GB memory card! A plus--it is very easy to transfer photos from the card to your computer. I also bought the Case Logic DCB 304 Camera Case, and find it to be a good, economical choice.
camera|Received this camera two days ago. I have only owned regular digital point-and-shoot cameras in the past. With the recent birth of our son, we wanted to upgrade our camera to something better. We looked at SLR cameras, but even the cheapest ones were more expensive than we were willing to pay. We decided to get a "bridge" camera, and after pouring through reviews and feature lists we decided on the Fujifilm S4200.With both my wife and I being novices when it comes to photography, we wanted something that would take excellent pictures on Auto. We are very pleased with the picture quality on Auto, the pictures are much more clear than any previous camera we've owned, and the flash is excellent. Pictures taken with flash look great and don't have that blown out look that photos taken with flash do on cheaper cameras. This camera is very intuitive and easy to use- the options are there if you care to delve into them, but if you're just looking for a camera that performs well out of the box, this fits the bill as well.I've taken close to 100 pictures over the last few days and the batteries are still going, so the battery life seems decent. The camera itself is pretty light, and we really like the grippy textured rubber on the outside of the camera. Pictures in low light and indoors are good, and it also takes pretty decent photos with the flash off. The camera takes pictures fairly quickly, I think its about 3 or 4 seconds between shots which is pretty good judging by reviews I read for other cameras in the same class taking upwards of 10 seconds. The 24x zoom is excellent as well, very cool feature.Overall I would definitely recommend this camera, but keep in mind that my wife and I are novice photographers and are just judging the picture quality and performance subjectively. Although with all of the options this camera has, I'm sure a more seasoned photographer would enjoy it as well.
camera|=====Actual model purchased was S4250 but since specs are identical I am posting my review here as well=====I happily paid 149.99 for this camera thinking that the specs were too good to be true but it's worth the gamble. WRONG! This is a great camera even at $150 assuming you are coming from a lower resolution point and shoot as I was(Sony DSC-W1 at 5MP and excellent in it's own right). 14MP is amazing for this average joe of a photographer.Today I went to my local arboretum and took some greenhouse flower and outdoor landscape photos in diminishing afternoon light. All handheld and when I viewed them on my PC at home I was extremely pleased with my results. Very crisp photos with great detail and color saturation even in natural light. As expected I could not focus in these light conditions at maximum focal length but that is the limitations of this type of camera that incidentally does not allow you to zoom or focus manually. Most of the 24x zoom range on this camera should be reserved for outdoor conditions. The image stabilization works very well and you can get away with hand holding it if you're just looking for a useable image otherwise bring the tripod along. It does however have a neat function in SP mode called "Natural" that will expose one image without flash and one with with one press of the shutter. In most cases I was most happy with the no flash images. The flash is intelligent and does a nice job of matching the amount of flash output to the existing natural light. I really like the fact that you must manually pop up the flash so it will not fire unless you want it too.The user interface is also user friendly if you take some time to familiarize yourself with the user manual which is available on the cd or as a pdf download from Fuji's site. I found this camera's menus much easier to navigate than my Sony DSC-W1's. There are plenty of options for the more demanding user as well as the Auto and Program functions that works surprisingly well for most situations.So why didn't I give it 5 stars? Two reasons. The first one is that you cannot use this camera for any purpose without removing the lens cap. Since they began putting such large displays on these cameras I would really like the ability to review my photos without taking off the lens cap. The second is the LCD monitor. My Sony has spoiled me. When it was introduced it had one of the largest LCD displays available at the time and is fairly clear even in moderately bright light. I got into the habit of checking each photo after taking it. The S4250/4200's LCD is low resolution for it's size as well as being very difficult to see in anything but indoor lighting conditions. I am not comfortable with having to wait to go indoors or viewing on my PC to check my photo's condition, even though my results were surprisingly acceptable.As I said earlier this purchase was a gamble. I was researching superzoom cameras for an upcoming trip to Alaska and the price for this feature set seemed like a great bargain and too good not to investigate. I pulled the trigger knowing that I might be disappointed but if so I could return it and continue my search, which is not something I normally do. That said, I am definitely not disappointed in this camera but I will be returning it for these reasons and purchasing the Fuji HS25EXR, which has a brighter LCD and allows me to turn the camera on without removing the lens cap. The CMOS sensor, 2MP extra, longer zoom and manual zoom/focus doesn't hurt either! Hell,it's only money!NOTE: This review is meant for the more casual and budget conscious photographer and the high rating is meant to reflect that as I feel that is Fuji's target audience. Please do not respond with technical evidence to the contrary as that will only confuse me. Thank you.
camera|This is my third Fuji FinePix digital camera and it excels just as the first two did. It performs better than I have a right to expect it to, given the low price. I heartily recommend this DSLR.
camera|This is the nicest camera I've ever owned. While riding in a car I can take pictures without having my husband pull over and they are perfect. No one would even guess we were not sitting still. So clear and color is wonderful.
camera|
camera|Sold my Nikon P500 on Ebay. It was a great camera but the 36X zoom was impossible to control without a tripod. I photograph birds in central Pennsylvania and needed a camera that was capable of taking quick shots while on the move. I had a Panasonic Lumix with an 18X zoom but wanted something a little stronger. The Fuji S4200 meets all of my requirements. I love the simplicity of the contols as well as their locations. Finally got the perfect shot of a tufted titmouse that was nearly fifty yards away. The only things I can gripe about are the location of the card slot which is inside the battery compartment and the strap holding lugs which are too small for a heavy padded camera strap. Did I mention the price which was low enough to counter the problems?
camera|Just got this camera today, and have been running around the house taking photos in every condition that I can find. It works great and the 14mp is a great improvement from my 5mp and it works in almost any light. Now the video is not all that great the HD says you can only record a little over 9 minutes and the picture is not too steady without a tripod. I like to mount my camera on the dash of my car and take videos while I am driving, I guess for that I will have to go back to my old camcorder. The 24X zoom works great for still photos, I can read license plates from almost 1/4 mile away. For still photos, I would recommend this camera.
camera|I got this camera as a birthday gift (though after much research of other cameras/brands). This is a fantastic camera, it has the look and quality of the professional cameras, but is easy to use. It does not feel cheap, and is a great size.The 24X zoom is wonderful, and does not make a picture blurry.You can use the LCD screen for pictures, or the view finder, which can be very helpful on sunny days.One of my favorite shooting modes, is the natural light with flash. It takes two pictures, one without and one with flash. It takes a gorgeous photo of person/object in the foreground even with background lighting.The panorama shooting mode is a lot of fun, and the pictures come out great, especially for landscape shots. If you take a panorama shot of something close-up the middle of the picture is a bit fish-eyed.The burst shooting is so much fun! It took me a little while to find it (up next to the capture button), you can hold down the capture button while in this mode and take some amazing motion shots.I am going to be in Ireland for the next four months, and I am so excited to see how this camera performs. If I had to share something I didn't like about the camera, it would be that it is not a compact pocket travel size. But to be honest, I don't see that as being a problem.I would recommend this camera to anyone who wants a great quality camera and photos, but doesn't want to have to take a photography class to be able to use it.
camera|Great camera! Takes great pictures. I dropped it onto the asphalt and it still works fine. Very impressed with reliability and durability. Fujifilm fan for life now.
camera|I almost didn't buy this camera because of the negative reviews about "graininess," poor low light function and flashes not working. In reverse order:My flash works just fine.On my first outing, I got some excellent night time pictures at ISO 100 and 200 with long enough shutter speeds. This did require using a tripod...that I bought for a dollar at Dollar Tree.Were those photos grainy? Not in the least. I did take some at ISO 1600 that were grainy.I'm not an expert photographer who knows just how to tweak any camera to get what I want. I spent about an hour online reading up on this jargon (shutter speed, f-stop, aperture, ISO) that a week ago was Greek to me. In that reading, I did learn that those ISO 1600 shots were going to be grainy.Will I want to upgrade to a DSLR and a suitcase of lenses at some point in the next couple of years? It's highly likely. And that's as much because of the great results I'm getting from this camera as anything.All things considered, given that this camera has fully automatic settings that allow it to function as a "point and shoot" at 14 MP plus the modes with manual control all at a price comparable to a 14 MP point and shoot with a lower zoom....well, come on...How can this not be a 5-star review?
camera|I love this camera. I bought it for a trip to several national parks and wanted to capture all of the wildlife as well as the beautiful natural landscapes. It did that wonderfully!The FujiFilm FinePix S4200 is substantial enough that it does not feel cheap but it is not too heavy or bulky. The texturized grip is perfect for making sure you have the camera securely in hand. And I love that is uses AA batteries because I could easily replace them at the convenience stores while in the national parks.A previous reviewer said this camera takes blurry photos. It does - but only if you don't follow the directions. When using the telephoto lens, you have to press the button only half way down so it can focus. Then, press the button all the way down to take the picture. If you do that, the pictures are absolutely wonderful and crisp. Just take 2 minutes to read the directions and you'll be fine.Finally, the ability to take both panaramic views and HD movies is fabulous. I have hundreds of awesome pictures from my trip and can't wait to use the FinePix S4200 for other events.
camera|Note: Please take this review with a grain (or tablespoon) of salt. I am a complete novice to photography, both in technique and in hardware. With that said, let's begin.Prior to purchasing this camera, I tried to do my due diligence in researching it, as well as its competitors. My target was a feature-packed bridge/"superzoom" camera with a few advanced/manual options, and built-in flash. The desired price point was $200 or less. When all was said and done, it appeared to be a great choice.The Good:This camera offered a laundry list of features and shooting modes, built-in. Panorama, backlit portrait, night portrait, etc; a lot of nice presets for someone not particularly knowledgeable or skilled in photography. Add in a popup flash, 24x zoom, image stabilization, and other goodies, and you have the makings of a very nice device.The Bad:Even though it boasted a 16 megapixel resolution, the images produced were very grainy. This was true at different zoom distances, lighting conditions, and image capture stability situations (free hand, tripod, standing, kneeling, etc). Of course with the sensor being CCD (as opposed to CMOS), low light performance was tragic, at best. Even fiddling with settings (white balance, ISO, fstop, etc) made virtually no difference when it came to capturing a crisp, clear image.The Ugly, and Unforgivable:There was no flash, period. The built-in flash on this unit was the popup kind. Unlike most cameras, however, opening the flash was manual, rather than automatic (i.e. when the shutter button is pressed). Oddly enough, the flash would never fire, even in modes where it could be used. I discovered via the internet and the extended user's manual (read: not the little mini-manual that comes in the box) that not all shooting modes employ the flash. With the flash option set to auto, it would not fire (no matter how dark the area was where I shot. Furthermore, even with the flash mode set to fire on every shot, it would never do so. The last straw was, even where you set the camera so it had no choice but to use the flash, it seemed to disable the shutter! In short: flash on, shutter doesn't work; flash off, shutter works fine. After doing some more research after encountering this issue, I discovered that a number of others had the exact same experience. Wish I had known that sooner...Conclusion:Again, please take this review with a grain of salt. I am fully aware that there exists a possibility that my difficulties with this camera could have been purely the result of my own ineptitude. However, shortly after returning this item, I picked up another camera of a different brand (which I will not name here, as I'm not reviewing that device or trying to steer buyers toward it). I unboxed it, popped in some batteries and a memory card, and took some pictures. Cleaner pictures, less grain and image noise, and the kicker: the flash just plain worked! That said, I'm inclined to believe that it was the product that couldn't cut the mustard. However, for the possibility that my potential misuse may have resulted in poor performance, I gave it two stars instead of one.
camera|This has been bugging me for some time. This camera has a flash! I've read so many user reviews (and even a CNET review on another similar camera) that chastised it or a lack of flash. This camera has a pop-up flash that is so bright it takes clear pictures in near total darkness (of course at the point you don't know what you are seeing through lcd viewfinder...but still, lets put the flash debate to bed.EDIT: Have since played with the camera more and found that certain modes do not employ flash, and you can't force it to (limited but not included to baby mode (flash isn't great for babies) and panoramic mode where a flash would produce inconsistencies with lighting within the separate frames). The manual suggests you use "SR Auto" mode. I don't like that mode because it determines which preset (sport, sunset, night, fireworks, etc...) to use based on surroundings. I just go traditional auto mode. Flash fires without fail.Overall this is a great camera for the money. Remember though, it is a point and shoot. It looks like a fancy SLR camera but is not, so it shouldn't be knocked for quality compared to higher tiered cameras.The only cons I can think of are more nuisances than anything: 1) if you turn the camera on with the lens cap still on, you have to remove the cap and then turn camera off and then back on and 2) forgetting to open the flash, realizing after you've taken the picture that you needed it.This camera is fine for family photos and casual use. For that, it's amazing really. Don't expect to get by with it as your main camera for professional use. Enough with f/stops and everything, it takes great pictures for a point and shoot. With that being said, it may be useful to play around with the manual settings. A task I have yet to undertake.
camera|We were shopping for an upgrade to your typical digital snapshot camera and settled on this at reasonable cost. It has loads of features we wanted such as continuous shooting, easily switches between the eyepiece and rear screen, the body is large enough with enough heft to it that you know you're holding something, even with my huge hands it was comfortable to hold and controls are easily manipulated.Anyone that is familiar with the basics of using a real film camera should find most controls and settings fairly intuitive with no need to spend a week reading the manual.Did I mention that this camera takes really gorgeous pictures for something in its price range? A couple of examples.... we wanted to get some shots of our bull terrier ( Spud McKenzie type dog) in full stride, running with all 4 paws off of the ground, this camera nailed it! In continuous mode you can shoot I believe up to 40 pics in seconds and then go pick out your fav on your computer to portray exactly the look that you wanted. The lense captures detail that will amaze you! A simple snapshot taken of our dog from 10 ft away can be cropped and blown up on the home pc to the point where you can clearly see 1 single hair laying across the corner of his eye in the photo.Another example... while sitting out on the patio, a squirrel ran across our back fence about 60 ft away, we grabbed 2 quick snapshots as he ran with no zooming on the lense... later that day while perusing the pics we'd shot that morning on the pc, cropped and zoomed in on the squirrel and the detail that emerged was shocking in its clarity! Where the naked eye saw a gray blob running on the fence the camera caught up close and personal details of individual markings on his face and body even down to his cheek bone structure and other fine facial details.Other reviews have cited the fact that there is no readily available power source other than onboard battery power to download from the camera to your pc, easily solved by taking the memory card and inserting in your pc! We have literally taken hundreds of pics so far on the original set of batteries.2 minor improvements that we'd recommend would be the addition of a hand grip carry strap to enable you to walk around with the camera poised in your hand to grab a quick pic or 2 and also add a carrying case of some sort
