camera|This camera came recommended by my sister. I was at a concert last year and was snapping pictures right and left. My friends saw the pics on Facebook and were wondering if I took these from the stage. No, the zoom is clear and fantastic, Both friends got the same camera from Amazon as a gift from their spouse.
camera|This camera is just okay, nothing special, but it's fine for the price I paid. I wouldn't recommend it though.
camera|This great in price and in function. I can continue to build memories and capture them perfectly. awesome..its a great investment.
camera|So far, I love this camera! I haven't had it for very long but so far it is exactly what this soccer mom needs. I can take action shots and movies. Great quality on close ups.
camera|But it does the job and I love it.Very impressive for the price. Great zoom and I getgreat pictures with it. Seems very easy on batteries as well.Great deal.
camera|I love this camera. I still neeed to figure out how to use more of its features. Takes great pics
camera|Easy is easy to use, however, I have used many different settings and don't feel the camera's zoom takes clear pictures. I also found evening/indoor pictures can become blurry unless you hold VERY still or utilize a tripod or stationary surface for the camera.
camera|Love this camera, if you do some research youll see. The only down fall is is that the camera requires 4 AA batteries opposed to a rechargable battery. Other than great product
camera|Love the camera, it takes great pictures easy to handle, easy to use the book that came with it though doesn't explain the carmera settings though.
camera|This Nikon's main attribute for my wife is it will operate on double AA bateries. I agree that is much simpler to change out these batteries if you are in a area without a power outlet. No power outlets in the forest , where she enjoys photography.Pics are great from the camera also!!
camera|This was my first Nikon and it was good, but not up to what I wanted. I had been told by people that it could get good sports shots but it did not get it like I had hoped. This is now my back up camera when I don't need to use a larger one
camera|This is a very easy to use camera that is simple to use and has wonderful features. Love this camera whether it is used for close ups or action pictures.
camera|This is a great camera good pics good all around It is a NIKON The best camera I have ever had ...
camera|I was looking for an upgrade after have a cheap $150 dollar camera for years. Now living in a foreign country with much to see and photograph. I however am not a camera wiz, so I needed something that was fairly simple to use. This camera seems to do the trick. It is very simple to use but still takes lovely photos. The only thing I do not like is the battery situation. I prefer battery packs that you can recharge. I guess I could always buy rechargeable batteries. Still I am happy with my purchase.
camera|The main problem is slow or inaccurate focusing. So, practice the partial press until focussing is complete before following thru to take the pict.
camera|This is the last camera I will ever need to purchase. Camera does it all !!! Small, light weight,fits perfect in my hand, easy controls that a second grader can figure out. Perfect !!!!
camera|The camera is stunning, the photos are very good and excellent quality, I am very satisfied with the product I will continue buying this brand.
camera|Recently ordered another camera which did everything that I needed and quite a lot more. The problem is that I don't need everything it offered. This camera is easy to set up and very easy to use. Would recommend it for anyone who wants sharp professional photos.
camera|nice camera, good pictures, you have to read the book to run it-if you don't use it often enough to memorize it, though. good zoom, i need to be able to get pictures out in the middle of the rodeo arena, i need to get quick shots, and closeups of the grandprincess, so i'm ready.
camera|The 26x Optical Magnification brings sports events in close. Great for scenic pictures and then switch to action pictures orother type of movement.
camera|So far, the only con of this camera is that it uses AA batteries; which was not disclosed in the description. Other than that, all good.
camera|It was one of my biggest mistakes of my life .-batterys dead soon.-night shot was very bad.-no battery charger include. ( you have to buy one).
camera|The Nikon L810 has all the options if you are looking for a camera for easy pictures and with high resolution and best zoom options.
camera|I have had this product for about 2 weeks now and just got back from Vaca. This camera does what it will say it will do to the letter. And after studying the reviews I will be buying the telephoto and wide angle lens add-on. The only thing further I can add after I did my research and pricing I did buy the camera at my local retailer. If you purchase from the current Amazon sellers with their current markup and added shipping your paying $50 to $75.00 too much. New this camera is currenting going for $159 to $199.00 plus tax.
camera|everything is great from the quick start guide to ease of operation to picture quality very satisfied. thank youron sheriff
camera|The Nikon camera did not have the viewfinder that I need. As such I returned it 3 weeks ago. I still have no credit plus they have a 15% restocking fee. That will probaly prevent me from ordering online for any purchases, that have a simular prices, in my local stores.I asked them if it still have a rerstocking fee, if I ordered a Nikon camera that is almost double the price and they said it would not help. I recently purchased it from Target, that does not have that restocking fee if necessary.You are sill my favorite place to go, for most things, but just not for electronics.Thank you, for being there. Your services are greatly appreciated.Blaine
camera|Bought this as a gift for my wife and she not only likes the style and contour in her hand but the operation is simple also.
camera|Very good quality. Easy to use. Take excellent photos. These are used by Police Officers and transported in the Cruisers while in the Storm Case.
camera|I so really love this camera. I cant believe how great the zoom on this is. Got it for a great price. Thanx JUST LOVE IT
camera|Love this Nikon. I bought it to replace my old Nikon which is 10 years old. Battery life is great and the zoom is awsome.
camera|The autofocus on this camera is very slow. It was VERY hard to get any pictures of our pet dogs in focus because they constantly move, and the camera keeps trying to refocus. You can do it by aiming your camera at a stationary object and depressing the shutter button half way and HOLD it there. This sets the focus and exposure and holds it as long as you hold the shutter button. Then while holding the button half way, pan the camera over to the picture you want to take, and depress the button the rest of the way. Of curse you need to select a stable object with similar lighting and distance for this to work.I think the problem is worse when zooming in tight with the telephoto. Camera shake and subject movement is more pronounced affecting the autofocus software. I had better luck with an older Fuji 12 megapixel point and shoot with my dogs:(The color and skin tones come out well UNLESS you use the flash as supplemental light. Now you've got a white balance problem because the color temperature of the flash and the room light will be different. This will be a problem with any camera shooting jpeg; you can fix it with post processing if your camera shoots raw mode. This camera seems to have more difficulty when the room is well lit and you add the flash as fill in.The camera is easy to use, and the zoom works very well. Typical snapshots of people and scenery turn out well.
camera|I feel cheated by Nikon buying this camera, I used it for a couple of days and zoom gets broken. Is a real P.O.S. I'll never buy a Nikon camera again.
camera|It was a gift for Christmas. The recipient is was very surprised and pleased with this purchase. Thank you very much.
camera|This has been the best product purchased yet, I love taking pictures and this camera does an awesome job on many levels.
camera|I used to own a simple digital camera and I decided to replace it with this one. I found that Nikon COOLPIX L810 16.1 MP Digital Camera with 26x Zoom NIKKOR ED... 1. is a good one with a tripod only - a small shake will result in a blurred image. 2. I see that it takes more time to save the taken image and get back to a position to take the next picture. There is a slight delay.One thing I need to say, I got the camera three weeks ahead of the original 'expected' shipping time. I am still learning - may be I will learn to love it more eventually.
camera|I recieved this as a gift and i love it. i got the red one and it is beautiful. the camera is sturdy and has tons of options to make using it fun. i love this camera.pros: zoom is amazing and crisp. tons of options for creating the best photo possible. batteries are nice in my opinion. color of camera is awesome. amazing photos.cons: slower shutter speed. takes a bit to take photos.dont let other reviews fool you when they say that in low light or indoors it takes bad pictures. they obviously have never used the flash. duh. but its a great buy and i cant wait to use it more!!happy photographing!
camera|Pros:-Price-Size/Weight-Photo quality-Easy to use-Nice zoomCons:-Poor image stabilizer when zooming-Auto/off flash (sometimes I just wanted it ON)-Drained battery when capturing video-Slow obturator speed when capturing photos during poor light conditions -and flash not working as desired--Not focusing as desired when zoomingOverall I think this is a wonderful camera if you don't have great expectations as an amateur photographer.
camera|I got this camera yesterday from my grandparents. This camera is the Bomb! It takes excellent photos. Check out the photos I took:[...]The Squirrel one is the one I took with this camera. Excellent Quality!.I would recommend this to anyone who is an advanced photographer.
camera|I love this camera. I bought it in November 2012 and has been using it every chance I get. I would definitely recommend it to friends.
camera|I love this camera, takes great photos, easy to used, very good and I like the video, i got it at a great price!!
camera|This is my first Nikon camera and so far I love it. It is easy to use and is one step above a point and shoot. Just what I wanted. It is simple enough for my daughter to use it too. She will be using it to take her pictures for her 4H Photography entry. She usually takes about 1200 pictures prior to submission so I am looking forward to seeing how this camera performs.
camera|I am so happy with my camera. It was exactly what I was looking for. The zoom is great and it has many different settings for my pictures. I love it!
camera|I purchased this camera for my husband who wanted a chance to control more about a photo, than a point and shoot camera would. He is reading and trying out different things and seems pleased with all this camera can do. If he's happy, I'm happy.
camera|at all times made &#8203;&#8203;the most of taking pictures with my camera, has very good resolution, easy to operate, my family and friends always curious to see it given.recommendations, to acquire all possible accessories, as its internal memory is not enough me.
camera|Will leave for the vacation 2/15/13. Gave it 4 stars because it doesn't use lithium batteries. I like the way it fits in my small hands. The LCD screen is a great size, I can see it well even without my glasses.
camera|I tried to cancel the camera, but was too late. It cost me $15.00 to send it back.It is'nt any good without a tripod.D.B.H.
camera|this camera is just as expectations with nice lens aperture that meets what i wanted.i really love it &I love the LCD resolution.
camera|Nice camera! A little blurry at night. Nice feel. Batteries short lived but just get some rechargeables. Love it overall!
camera|Excelente producto, completo y muy facil de manejar, trae todos sus accesorios y manual en varios idiomas! todo en perfecto estado.
camera|Takes nice pix. Not big on reading instructions but it was easy to figure out all the menus. Feels and looks nice. Huge lag time for video, several seconds between pushing the button and recording. Some delay also on snapping pix. Overall nice camera for the price, not great for quick shooting.
camera|Hi there!, i just want to share that this camera was a great deal and looks like new, the seller was very honest and the price was great. i hope to buy from him very soon and i strongly recommend it!! thanks!!
camera|The camera worked great and easy to use. However, the first time I tried to charge the battery it would not charge and the camera froze up. Had to exchange it for another one, hope it will charge.
camera|Its a really great camera! I love it. I use it all the time and i love all of the settings.
camera|I'm more used to a low profile camera. This one's okay. Takes great pictures. Battery life is okay too. But I really wish it had a &#34;brick&#34; battery. Those seem to last longer and can be recharged.
camera|I was excited to buy this camera for the price but have been disappointed in the performance. I would have done just as well to buy another Canon powershot, which worked well for me for years. This has no features that I didn't have in my old camera. I dislike the way that it takes so long before I can take a second photo. It is nearly worthless indoors.
camera|Great camera for the price. Need to use and get use to for fine pictures. Love the zoom So far no problems
camera|This camera takes great pictures. We took it on vacation with us to Biloxi and took lots of pictures. And still had plenty of room for more.
camera|Great value and an easy to use camera . Love the zoom lense too . Well built and easy to hold
camera|This camera is great. The pics are clean and full of detail!! video is good also, of course, you need a large memory chip to get long video. It is fairly user friendly, learning curve is not to high. Always read manual and play with it. Battery life is good, even using flash. I like it..
camera|Bought this for my wife as a gift. she loves it and uses it all the time. Takes great pictures. Be sure to read directions,
camera|This Camera is really good for my use, i'm not a professional and i don't think i can be, but it easy and takes good photos, nice focus, and a large range for the zoom:)
camera|I have been thoroughly enjoying this camera. It's easy to use and as long as I wait for the center bracket to turn green, my shots are in focus. You can use it as a point in shoot or go to manual mode. There are many scene choices too. It's also very unique in red!
camera|I picked up the Nikon Coolpix L810 to replace my old Kodak Easyshare Z740 after seeing the many great reviews for it and I do not regret the purchase one bit. First I'd like to say that the L810 takes really good pictures and I love the 26x Zoom even though that kind of zoom won't be used a lot in my case but its good to have it just in case. At first when I was looking for a new camera I was attracted to the Nikon Coolpix L610 for the 1080P video recording compared to the L810's 720P video recording but after doing further research I found that the L810 was an overall better camera so I was willing to compromise on HD video quality. The things that are key to me are the camera's size (I don't want a small camera) and how it fits in my hands when using it and I'm glad to say that the L810 is just the right size for me and it fits comfortably in my hands when I'm taking photos with it. The biggest test for the Nikon Coolpix L810 was taking photos inside my room which has the worst lighting to take photos in especially without the flash open which my old Kodak didn't do very well in. When I took photos in my room with my Kodak camera with the flash closed the photos would always be grainy but when I took a photo with the Nikon without the flash it came out smooth which is great because some photos I take are in my room and sometimes I try not to use the flash if I can. I did notice however that the Nikon Coolpix L810 definitely isn't a camera to take very quick shots with but that isn't too much of a problem for me since the pictures I take aren't split second shots. Overall I think the Nikon Coolpix L810 was the best choice for someone like me who does casual photography and wants to upgrade from an older camera.
camera|I debated on the comparable but lesser priced competitor and after advice from a few &#34;professionals&#34; I chose to pay a little more and get the NIKON. Definitely glad I did. Wow, what a camera! Beautiful, crisp, crystal clear pictures. Close ups and macros are spectacular. This is by far the nicest camera I have ever owned, and even though it is packed full of features, I found it fairly simple to use. The smart auto feature is great for point and shoot pictures. The 26X zoom is so powerful. I could zoom in enough to get a clear picture of a squirrel that I could barely see with my own eyes. The record video feature is great because there's not a dozen steps to get to it, just one button and boom, you are recording. This is as close as I think you can get to a &#34;professional&#34; camera without paying the &#34;professional&#34; price. Would reccommend it to anyone wanting a quality higher end camera without spending an arm and a leg.
camera|my daughter is just learning photography and this is a great starter camera to help her learn with great look also
camera|I just got this camera today, so I obviously can't speak for its durability/longevity. From what I have done, though, it seems great! The zoom is fantastic and the screen is so clear. Even in low light without flash the pictures seem quite clean and clear. I can't wait to use it more! Love!
camera|This camera was exactly what I'm looking for. It has great quality pictures with a not so expensive price tag. The only thing I wish was different is that it would take pictures a little quicker and focus quicker.
camera|I bought this for my girlfriend for christmas and she loved it. I am never one to take pictures because my hands shake and the pictures are always blurry. This camera takes great pictures even when I am holding it. The only complaint I have is the battery life is terrible. The first set of batteries only lasted an hour. The next set we bought lithium and they are still in but we haven't used the camera much since christmas.
camera|Christmas present for the wife. She has already had a lot of fun with it. For the price, it has many useful features which are easy to understand and the picture quality is exceptional. Have not had it long enough to address durability or longevity, but it seems to be of good quality.
camera|Excellent product I recommend, is of very good quality, has very nice presentation and it works great, very pleased, Greetings
camera|loved this item it was everything that we wanted. very good product and it came on time for us to enjoy our new grandson
camera|I love my new camera, Now, I have the best shot ever! I feel like I'm a professional photographer... everywhere I go I have my camera on and get the best image for the best memories!
camera|excellent camera. nikon makes the best camera. we have used the on our recent trip to new york pictiures were great..
camera|This camara has it all.. Function, looks, you name it. So many features. Still learning new things to do with it everyday. Perfect size, not to bulky. I also like the non slip grip. Comes with a neck strap which is convenient. I would recommend this product to everyone. Perfect for novice and experienced photographers alike.
camera|This camera is great and takes wonderful pictures. Unfortunately, I cannot seem to get good action shots but I still am getting to know all the settings. I love Nikon and am sure as soon as I &#34;play&#34; around with it, I will get better with my shots.
camera|This was a Christmas gift for my wife. She's not a professional photographer, but loves to take lots of pictures. This was an upgrade to her previous camera. She loves it and it takes great pictures. Definitely a good purchase! Would definitely recommend
camera|Just what I wanted. No more, No less, just perfect. Easy to operate. Light weight and feels good in your hands.
camera|Parece una c&aacute;mara profesional.. me gusta! tiene fotos 3D.. dentro de las camaras economicas esta es una muyyy buena opcion.. Saludos a todos desde Venezuela!!
camera|You can hardly do better than a Nikon. This may not be the Top of the Line, but it's plenty sophisticated, delivers high quality images, and all but out-thinks you as you take excellent photos. A lovely piece of equipment.
camera|love the fantastic zoom and clarity of zoomed pictures. I haven't used it a lot yet, but have found it easy to figure out and use so far. It does have a delay on auto focus as other reveiws state, but it doesn't bother me.
camera|I got this for my mom, she isnt the most tech savy, so i figured out how to use it and showed my mom, it is super easy, takes amazing pictures, and now i am jealous of my mom and want to get my own.
camera|i got this camera for my granddaughter for her birthday and she feel in love with it she's sixteen yrs old
camera|Works perfectly, great pictures!With this camera a simple cam shooter like me can take really good pictures. The cam is not too big, is even smaller than the ones Cannon sales and it is very helpful when traveling.I recommend it 100%
camera|Excellent everybody should buy one... I love it I ve know problems with it works just fine ....Get One You want go wrong with tis buy..
camera|Not to mention excellent for sharp pictures TAKES ALL ARE SOCIAL ACTIVITY good memories like it was yesterday when I pass you live
camera|The perfect gift for someone who likes taking photos. Its light weight and its compact so its great for someone with small hands. Photo quality is great and with optic zoom you cant go wrong. Its a great buy and it ships fast.
camera|This camera is awesome. Still trying to manage the features, but a great product at a great price. Not much to set-up. Takes great pictures.
camera|Sorry, but I'm disappointed with this purchase. Perhaps I expected more as a friend of mine had a different model and I mistakenly thought this one was at least as good if not better. Seems they &#34;upgraded&#34; by eliminating some good features.
camera|Love it! It was a gift. I am figuring out the settings more and more every day. Easy to use.
camera|Arrived in a timely manner and in good condition.Well packed in the box.The only reason that I did not give this camera five stars is because when I zoom the camera in and out while doing movies, the noise of the motors that do this function are very noticeable. Other than that, great camera and very happy with it.If you are going to do movies with it, I would recommend getting the SanDisk Extreme 32 GB SDHC Class 10 UHS-1 Flash Memory Card 45MB/s (SDSDX-032G-X46), anything less and you are going to be disappointed.I purchased this camera in November and gave it a good work out over the holidays and it performed like a well oiled machine for me.Some things I would like to see better:1. Less noise when I am zooming in and out while doing movies. It is picked up very well by the camera microphones.2. Have a manual option for zooming in and out so that I have more control over the speed of the zoom and where it stops.Bottom line:I would have no problem recommending this camera to a friend.
camera|I chose this camera after seeing it advertised in the stores but never finding it on the store shelves. It was everything it claimed to be, easy to use and providing very clear photos. There are many others out there with better focus, clearer focus, and more bells and whistles but I think this was a good investment for my money.
camera|I received this camera as a gift Sept.. 2012. I love it. I use it several times a week sometimes daily. My son is in baseball at the moment and I can get a clear shot all the way to the back wall from the bleachers. It is as if I am only 2 feet away. I have not figured out the sports shots but I am sure that operator error. This camera was a great choice!
camera|This is by far the best camera of this type I have purchased. I have had several different brands and the Nikon is far superior!!!!!
camera|This camera has a lot of abilities to be so compact. It has the look of a SLR camera but not the feel. When you hold it like a SLR camera it just does fit into you hand that well, its too small. Also there is not view finder (which I knew when I bought it) but still worth mentioning, because the image looks blurry on the screen. Most of the time it turns out fine, but not all the time. It is very difficult to see in the sun as well. Overall a great family camera for the price.
camera|I love the pictures this camera takes if no one is moving AT ALL. If your subject is in motion...no good. I've taken lots and lots of blurry pictures; these include pictures of people just breathing. I've read the instructions (which were very vague) and still had no luck. There's even a sports mode (must be for chess!); every picture of my son playing basketball was blurry. I've tried with and without the flash. Not happy!!
camera|Takes really nice pics. Does take awhile to focus, though. Despite this, it's a great buy for the money--you won't be disappointed with the quality of the pictures it takes.
camera|I recently returned from vacation and am not really liking this camera. The night pictures I took using zoom was awful. I make a mistake not buying a better camera.
camera|use this camera when I need something mid size and not my SLR. Perfect size for traveling. Not to bulky and takes great pictures.
camera|This camera is ok for still photography. The shutter speed is appaling and picture quality isn't that great, so I wouldn't recommend it to people who are going to be taking pictures of kids. My droid razr takes better pictures, and the shutter speed is way faster. But considering the price, the camera is what you pay for.
camera|Fast, painless delivery. Product as expected and more. Amazing features and options for a reasonably priced camera. Only downside is the HD photos consume a tremendous amount of storage.
camera|Nice, simple, easy-to-use camera. It doesn't give you the freedom to do interesting shots like with a DSLR, but it takes quality pictures, comparable to a DSLR.
camera|I bought this camera for my girlfriend for her birthday, and she loves it. She has always had a Nikon, so i figured this one would be a great gift for her. It has a 16.1 megapixel camera, HDMI, AV OUTPUT, USB, 26x zoom, takes high resolution pictures, LCD screen, continuous shooting speed and so much more. For the price, it is an incredible camera. She did tell me however that there is one that she likes even better. If you love photography, the Sony Alpha SLT is a better choice. Instead of shooting only 4 frames per second, the Sony will shoot up to 7. It comes equipped with everything the Nikon does, it just offers more. You have a main sensor live view with a phase detection auto focus, 15 point auto focus, 3 cross sensors and even more. You get more bang for the buck in my opinion. You will not be dissapointed with either camera, just in my opinion the Sony is the better choice.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0054I54EU/ref=as_li_ss_tl?ie=UTF8&tag=wwwworkoutwei-20&linkCode=as2&camp=1789&creative=390957&creativeASIN=B0054I54EU
camera|Very difficult to get focused pictures. I tried multiple settings (Auto and manual) and eventually gave up and returned it.
camera|I ordered this camera for my wife to replace her old Cannon. Over all I give it high marks for picture quality, really great 26 power zoom feature, and relatively simple controls. The one problem I have had with this camera is the flash. When you open the flash (it pops up) you have to set it using the flash icon on the menu wheel each time or it will not operate. Other than that we really like it. One other nice feature is the fact that it uses AA alkaline or rechargeable batteries which are ubiquitous so you don't need any special chargers or adapters. I added a 16GB Class 10 SDHC Flash Memory Card and it will take about 7500 HD photos or more than an hours worth of HD video.So while I do recommend this camera I do wish there was an auto setting for the flash so that you don't have to set it each time you want to take a picture.
camera|I am very happy with the picture quality and easy handling. Pre-set modes are great feature. Battery needed to be rechargeable as the camera this huge and loaded consumes a lot of battery.
camera|i buy this camera for a friend that is going to start in communications, so i thougth is a good one to a start... is realy nice one, the only thing is that u have to buy rechhargabke batterys and an extra memory....
camera|The Nikon Coolpix L810 is a pretty solid camera all around. I have to warn you though if you are hoping for a small compact this is not for you, but if you get a small compact you wont have the zoom, in most cases. The Coolpix L810 has great zoom and good resolution, but obviously that is just a stat thrown out by makers, the limiting factor in image quality is the sensor. I'll start off with throwing out a few cons.as with most cameras at that price range, it struggles with higher ISO -- so low light photographyIt has a decent flash attachment so my previous con is not quite as large.It is a little slower than some cameras, but so are most of the "crossovers". It takes about 2.3 seconds for it to be ready to take photos so it is a little slower. Again, this is also common among crossover cameras.One thing i'd like to point out is something not often taken into account. It uses 4AA batteries instead of a rechargeable battery pack, which can be both good and bad. AA weigh more than the battery packs causing the camera to weigh more, and AA tend not to last quite as long, but then AA are ten times more easy to come by. All those things are me just being completely nit-picky. You can't expect a budget, semi-compact, camera the rival photo quality of say, a DSLR. That said, it has great zoom as well as being quite capable at macro photography. All around it is a solid camera for a wide range of implementations, and all for only 250 dollars presently on Amazon.
camera|I love the Coolpix L810 camera. The large 3 inch viewing screen makes it easy to take great shots of my two dogs. The zoom is really good at the dog park to catch all the action.
camera|This is a great camera even if you don't take many pics. I really like the video, as well as the still photos. I especially like the option to take pics with or without flash.
camera|excellent great camera very good price value. is compact and has good performance high quality photos widely recommend ito
camera|chose this camera for the price. Great purchase for my grandaughter who is 14 and will be taking a photography course in the fall. Has all the featurea she requires. Takes great pics and videos.
camera|Love the camera because of the features, but i dont like the fact that it uses regular AA batteries and not a lithium iob rechargeable battery. other than that good quality in range birghtness and motion pictures.would recommend if you dont mind replacing the batteries when they burn out.
camera|Most all pictures taken with the Camera were faded as well as blurred appearing, some appeared to look as if person taking them was nervous and shakey. I am not entirely pleased with it and may send it back if Amazon will exchange it. I have had the Camera about a month.
camera|Bought this for my 20 year old that kept taking my camera. She loves it. Says it takes better pictures than my old camera.
camera|Bought this for my 12 year old daughter as her first camera. She loves it! A bit slow/quirky on the focus (manual focus would be nice), takes nice photos - LCD screen is bright and amazing. Huge zoom capability. All in all, a nice camera to get her to the next step.
camera|Having a great time taking pics and love the responses I get from friends and family.I really am enjoying it.
camera|The Nikon Coolpix L819 is a great camera. Pictures come out beautifully. Just don't expect to snap pictures in quick succession. This is not a problem for me since I'm more interested in capturing the item being photographed rather than into simultaneous pictures or rapid succession pictures as if taking pictures of small active children, one after another. Great focus, easy transferring to PC for sharing with friends.
camera|My husband is not using this item. We tried several times but it is complicatedit!!!It is not what he was expecting!!!Thank You!!!!
camera|Was awsome with kit everything ready! It was to easy use and very happy with it. Perfect pictures and see small srceen big enough to see!
camera|Camera was actually more beautiful than pictured. Takes excellent pictures and is very easy to use. And it looks incredible.
camera|Item was as we expected!! When needed to return it was a fast and pleasant transaction. THANK YOU!! Of course I will recomend it!
camera|The camera works great. The only problem is that I wasn't offered an extended warranty when I purchased the camera as I would have bought it. Camera Camera even confirmed the zip code so it was sent directly to me. I appreciate the company and their service.
camera|I was looking for a camera that was user friendly, yet a little more sophisticated than your point and click camera. I am not a photographer yet I would like for my home pictures to be quality ones that I can share with my friends and family on the Internet and Facebook. The instruction booklet was very helpful and I went through it step by step to familiarize myself with all of the settings of the camera. Having a zoom lens is wonderful and I still uitlize the &#34;easy&#34; setting to take pictures. It is more bulky than the streamlined cameras that fit in your pocket but I bought a case to go with it. I think this camera will take care of all my needs for many years and would recommend it to the novice like me!! The price was in line also.
camera|I bought camera this for my Daughter and she loves it. I have owned at least 6 other Nikon coolpix cameras and have never been disapointed with the pictures they took.
camera|este es elmejor producto que he comparme gusta mucho porque asi atrapo todos los momento vividome la recomendo un amigo
camera|Bought this as a gift for my son. He is loving it!!Exactly what he was looking for in a camera. Shipped immediately.
camera|I am still figuring out how to use it. My biggest difficulty is getting it to focus on faces. I think I need to reread the manual. The manual is available online and is much more complete than what comes with the camera. For the most part I am pleased.
camera|Haven't had a chance to get out with it..Seems like the auto focus takes too much time but that could be my fault, not being familiar enough..
camera|it's a little bigger than you would expect it to be out of the picturesbut it does everything and more.this is an awesum buy, don't go spending crazy money on sleek design camerasdoes the job!
camera|Just like any Nikon product, this camera excels! I ordered this camera as a gift for my girlfriend for photography in the woods and also for a trip to Greece this spring. She absolutely loves it.
camera|It is the nicest camera I have ever owned. I feel like a professional photographer!!! The only glitch is that you have to push a button for the flash to work, and sometimes the pictures don't turn out. But all you have to do is change your angle, and you can get a magnificent shot. Wouldn't recommend for beginning photographer. But perhaps not for a professional photographer either. It is a very nice camera, that I would recommend for intermediate photographers. :D
camera|This Nikon is great. It take such great pictures and is easy to use. I really love it and the color is wonderful.
camera|This is my review for the Nikon Coolpix L810 (red). I have been wanting a full sized DSLR for some time now, But my wife decided to get this one for me for Christmas. This camera is just a larger version of my current point and shoot version. Don't get me wrong, this is a very good camera. If you are looking to upgrade and do not want the larger full size DSLR then this is and awesome choice. With the 16.1 MP and 26x zoom you can't go wrong. Oh yeah, and the second zoom toggle on the lens is a wonderful addition! I put the camera on a sandbag and zoomed in to take a pic of the moon... zoomed in all the way and the moon was so large it was outside of the viewing area. Now that was cool. And the photo was very clear too.I have found one issue since I have been using it; the timer is set at 10 seconds and you have to keep turning it on if you want to take multiple pics in a row. Meaning, turn on timer...snap pic...turn on timer...snap pic. I would have also liked to see a 2 second timer choice. Maybe we could get a software update for this, Nikon?All in all though, I like the Coolpix L810. It may grow on me a bit more the more often I use it. I would definitely recommend this camera.
camera|Buena compra, llego en perfectas condiciones excelente producto, sumamente recomendado y el envio impecable.Muy conforme, ahora a disfrutarlo con estas fiestas .
camera|Todo el mundo cuando ve mis fotos dice que son fotos profesionales. Buena calidad en la imagen, grava videos en 720p y con un sonido estero pues tiene dos micr&oacute;fonos.Excelente producto.
camera|I love my new Coolpix camera....it is pretty, lightweight, nice size....and most importantly takes great photos!!! I'm still learning all the settings, but am having a blast!!
camera|I've had this camera for almost two months and have had the chance to take photos under different conditions.Even without the flash, the camera takes clear and relatively bright pictures indoors though the colors tend to be more towards the yellow part of the spectrum (this may be caused by the incandescent lighting rather than the fault of the camera). Turning on the flash will make the pictures appear more to a white tinge.There are two automatic modes: auto mode and easy auto mode. I'm not sure why people would need two. There are settings for all sorts of different conditions like landscape (with panorama stitching mode), portrait, close-up, snow, fireworks, museum, etc. I haven't tried all of them yet but judging from the quality of the pictures I've seen, I expect them to be outstanding too.The camera takes high quality 720p movies. The only problem that I've found is that the file size becomes very large. During playback, the sound and video become out of sync after several minutes. Again, I think this is a problem with the QuickTime movie format rather than the camera. I wish it had a feature to save movies in MPEG-3 or -4 formats.One of the things that has amazed me is that how long the battery life is for the camera. It takes four AAs but lasts more than my earlier digital camera. In my older camera, I would need to replace the two AA batteries after taking 50 pictures. I've taken more than 100 with the new camera so far and the power level is still above 75%.Another nice feature is that the camera will show a warning message if you attempt to turn it on with the lens cap still in place.
camera|I was wanting to upgrade my camera from my puny point and shoots that were overpriced and not that good. We didn't have the budget for a DSLR and didn't want to keep in the rut of the puny P&S's. This is a great option! The zoom and clarity is great. It's easy to operate and takes great pictures. I am very pleased with this camera and would recommend it to anyone.
camera|we love it!!! was better than what we expected cant stop using it love all the features and the color
camera|I got this for a christmas present for my GF who is starting out with a intrest in takiing pictures. Nice clean camera that takes clear nice pictures and is a step up from the cheaper ones out there. Stepping stone to a more involved camera that Im sure is comming soon. Great camera for the money
camera|I purchased this camera because of its nearly 5-star rating; however, I should have heeded the warnings from those who did not rate it well. It wasn't until I was having issues that I found my complaints to be quite similar as those who also disliked this camera. First off, the quality of the indoor shots and outdoor night shots are surprisingly poor for a Nikon. The pictures were dark or very sensitive to your movement. The shutter speed is much slower than we expected in spite of our changing settings around and with the flash on, it seems like we were smiling ridiculously at this camera for an eternity before it snaps the shot. We had so many blinking people in our pics it was almost comical had it not been so frustrating. The "anti-red eye" feature that blinks that orangey light before snapping the shot seems to be slow working and flashes FOREVER like a warning beacon throwing everyone off because it actually makes you feel nervous! So we were lucky if no one blinked; I guess the goal there is that there are no red eyes because everyone in the pictures will have their eyes closed! Plus, what adds insult to injury, is the camera will snap the shot, then freeze the image with the clever little question, "Did someone blink?" to mock you over and over while forcing you to take the darn shot again. I have three children 10 years old and younger, I can assure Nikon that while this feature no doubt raises the level of technical intelligence of this camera over others, retakes of any sort do not bode well with the younger set, so we have a great number of would-be great pics had two of the three kids not blinked but refused to take it over. Sigh. Outside during the day, the pictures were nice and the camera responded well to the different scene adjustments; however, like the indoors, it is sensitive to your movement. If you move even slightly while shooting, the image blurs and like the indoors, it takes so long just to take a picture in the first place... We adjusted settings and "scenes" as suggested which helped somewhat, but it is still slow, and for action shots - forget it. By the time the camera snaps the photo, the subject in speedy action will have already gone thru customs and hopped a plane toChina. No joke. We took the camera sledding, and I attempted numerous times to get my kids coming downhill. I must have taken 50 pictures of an empty hill before I finally had to do an intervention with myself to just stop the insanity. We gave this Nikon every benefit of the doubt as we endured a Christmas snow trip, a Winter School Pageant, and Christmas Day together. Sadly, I have learned that I am, indeed, not smarter than this contraption from you-know-where, in spite of my reading the user guide cover to cover and having my sister who IS a professional photographer play around with it for me and show me a few tips. To no avail: even she said for the money, we could have bought something much more user-friendly with higher quality pics, so back in the box it went and we are thankful Amazon has such a great return policy. I am hoping to start feeling smarter again very soon when my Canon arrives. :0)
camera|This was a christmas gift to a special young lady. She absolutely adores it! I can't ask more than that! Great product and it arrived well before Christmas.
camera|great camera! came with everything except a memory card? love the camera though! super awesome! love the case it came with also breaks real easy
camera|Bought this for my husband to use at work - he loves it. User friendly but shoots like a pro and easy to understand. Works for me!
camera|If you have ever had a digital camera before then this one follows in the easy to use without even reading a manual to get started. Manual provided and discs to learn more.
camera|this camera takes really good pic. am in a photography class and it has been so good. love the color so I can tell it is mine
camera|The pictures are fabulous, the quality is wonderful has been a great acquisition. Easy to use and Maybe I should have lithium ion batteries
camera|I'm a photo enthusiast, owning a D7000 Nikon and a few lenses. This camera is for my daughter, who is 12 and getting in to photography. She loves it and it takes superb pictures.
camera|Awesome pics with this camera. Flash is manual, batteries are 4 AA. Not a big deal, great pics are what counts.
camera|Beautiful photos great editing options long battery life the options for taking photos work for everybody indoor or out night or day
camera|This canera for the price is wonderful. The picture quality is so clear & bright , you can't tell if it was done professionally or not. There are so many setting that change the pic up. Amazing for the price! I got 1 for my oldest daughter for her b/day then turned around 2 months later & bought my other daughter the same camera in another color.
camera|dissapointed in the picture quality when using the zoom feature. takes nice pictures untio you try to zoom and then the pictures are poor quality. I purchased it because of the Nikon name but will not make that mistake again
camera|Pictures are awesome, always crystal clear but the shutter is really slow. If you are planning on taking back to back pictures this camera is not for you
camera|it has an amazing zoom and a great resolution, it's hard to get a great picture during movement. With a little of practice you can achieve a good picture but it's not easy. For the price, you get an excellent product. If i could turn back in time, i would buy it again!
camera|The on-line reviews were correct about the auto-focus on full zoom, but it still meets my needs very well. Nice camera.
camera|This is a good camera. It has only one problem which I do not like. It takes a lot of time to focus on a subject. By the time it focuses I have lost the moment which I wanted to capture. It is slow to respond to a subject. The pictures are very clear. The videos can be spotty with the sound.
camera|The Nikon Coolpix L810 is a nice camera to start in photography, has a very good image quality and an excellent 26x optical zoom.This camera can not be used in manual mode, so it can not be controlled separately, aperture, shutter and other functions to get a better picture.I recommend if you're looking for a simple camera and very good image quality.Excellent value for money.
camera|This camera is great if you're not trying to get action shots. It is sluggish and only does 1.2fps. That is my only complaint. Other than that it's perfect!
camera|I bought this camera for my wife, is a pretty decent camera, if you are a professional think in spend a lot more money, this camera is fine for domestic use in vacation, home party, etc. But don't get me wrong this is a good camera, is Nikon.
camera|It's a great camara and was at the perfect price, it works really well and it's easy to use. ..
camera|I got this camera for my 73rd birthday. It is so easy to useand the pictures are such good quality. The zoom bringsthe picture up so close. I filmed some hummingbirds attheir feeders, and you could see their wings fluttering.Great little camera and good price too
camera|The 1- & 2-star reviewers must have freaked some sellers out into lowering their prices ever so briefly to land me a sweet deal - helped offset the new Calif. state tax for Amazon. This camera has no probs. whatsoever and my kids have been able to take pics without any blurring. Pics are top notch and camera is super easy to use. Maybe Nikon did put in a firmware fix - I don't know.
camera|I have been using this camera for a few weeks and I love it. Takes great pictures near and far. Easy to use in auto or manual mode. Looking forward to taking it on vacation in a few weeks to Canada & New England.UPDATE: Thoroughly enjoyed using this camera on our recent cruise. Versatile, easy to use, and great pix. Battery life was better than I expected.
camera|Unfortunately when I purchased this camera I did not consider the consequences of not having a view finder... I tested the camera recently in a sunny location and found that it is very difficult to see the object being photographed by just using the LCD screen... I consider this to be a major drawback.
camera|The camera itself is pretty handy. Small enough to carry around and to take family pictures. There are many settings and it takes awhile to get used to them. Since I bought a memory chip with mine, I was able to take many pictures without memory problems. The batteries that come with the camera lasts pretty long.I love the camera and I can see myself carrying it to every event that I go to from now on.
camera|I got this camera as an upgrade from a point and shoot camera that I was happy with but wanted more versatility. It is an essentially point and shoot camera if you use the camera's auto mode. you just have to pick from the apps what you are doing. I can see that in a mixed setting such as a reunion, etc. that you would be shooting scenery, food, portraits, and the like and having to stop and reset the auto mode would be time consuming. but I am more of a quality rather than quantity person and this camera so far meets my expectations. If I decide to get a little more creative then the ability is there. This is a mid range camera for a subprofessional maybe on the way to professional. I like it.
camera|I purchased the Nikon L810 about a month ago. WHAT A GREAT CAMERA!!! It's light, is easy to hold, and takes wonderful, clear photos. Some people complained that the flash didn't always flash, even if they popped up the electronic flash. Well, if you read the instruction book, there is a setting that will have the camera flash with every photo (as fill-in, or for dark locations). Additionally, some comments were made that the camera doesn't focus well and they get fuzzy photos. This is not the case if you wait-perhaps a second or two-until the green box appears. Now I will admit that I do not take sports photos, so waiting a second or two for me is not a problem. I agree with those reviewers who reiterate that you MUST read the instruction book. This is not a point and shoot camera. This camera is more for someone who likes to use different settings for different effects. Once you practice with it--go around your house and take lots of photos, both inside and out--you will become familiar with the camera and be able to take gorgeous photos with it. This camera is a keeper!
camera|Bought few months ago....it's a nice camera however, I expected too much of perfect quality. But with this price is great, really love the zoom in the camera and love the fact it do not drain batteries quick...
camera|I couldn't be happier with my decision to purchase the Nikon Coolpix 810. I does everything I expected and more, besides taking excellent pictures. over 300 pics before having to change batteries.
camera|I can't believe the quality and clarity of this camera! Especially for the price. I would easily pay $300 USD for a camera with such great zoom and quality. I have impressed many professional photographers with pictures from this camera! If you haven't bought this camera, do it! And if you have, great choice! :DP.S. If you look in the customer photos, I posted a few under the name of "evan."
camera|Great camera. I was looking for a camera to replace my older point-&-shoot digital camera. After looking at a few other models, I decided to get this one. I teach high school and since receiving the camera, I have used it to capture 3 different school events and the pictures have come out well. The more I use it, the more I like it. I can't wait to take it on vacation and see what quality pictures I get from it.
camera|So far, this is a great camera. Small enough to not be cumbersome - large enough that you can actually push the buttons with your finger and not have to resort to a stylus. The zoom takes beautifully clear pictures. Love the red color - makes it different than most. I've only just started using it, so nothing bad to say yet.
camera|I received my camera yesterday way sooner than I expected. It is in great condition and everything was included as advertised. I would definetly recommend this seller. Thanks for everything!!!
camera|Nikon is our choice in cameras.We've been using Nikon cameras for the last ten years. Our family progress has been registered in beautiful photos with Nikon cameras.It is not rapid enough when we need to take an instantaneous shot.
camera|This camera takes excellent stills. Even though it takes great movies, it burns batteries as fast as the on and off button.Two movies (short ones) and two changes of batteries. Obviously not great for movies.
camera|la camara es muy buena excelente lo recomiendo ampliamente Vendedor, me en-canta la Calidad de las imagenes, Definitivamente excelente product
camera|This camera is very nice and has all the features that I like. The only downside that I've noticed is that it takes a good amount of time to snap a picture. When you finally get your image in sight, you have to hope that the object doesn't move because chances are you will miss the target or have a blurry picture. I haven't given up on the camera just yet!! I'm still learning and seeing what I can do to take better pictures.
camera|This item is consistent with previous reviews. Has a lot of great features for the price but I have experienced some issues with focus as well. I long for control like I had in the old days when I focused the lens myself. I see very little difference in all the mode settings and just stay on one or two for convenience. Not Nikon's best but great camera for the price. I'm still a Nikonian.
camera|This camera is &#34;Awesome&#34; as my daughter says. It arrived quickly and is in new condition. She has yet to use all of the features of her camera but she's loving it. Thank you. I do want to say that I resent having to write a certain amount of words or my review is not excepted.
camera|Nikon COOLPIX L810 16.1 MP Digital Camera with 26x Zoom NIKKOR ED Glass Lens and 3-inch LCD (Blue)I purchased this camera as a gift to myself, this Christmas. I had until January 30, 2013, to return the camera. February 2, 2013, I took out the sim card to upload the photos and videos that I had taken that day. When I tried to use my camera, thereafter, it won't do anything! I've seen the lens move only once while trying to turn it on. Otherwise, it won't go back in for nothing. I searched over and over for a camera, reading good and bad reviews about them. I was wanting a camera with an awesome zoom, but also one that was within my price range. I AM SO DISAPPOINTED! Especially after being at a family gathering just two days ago and not having a camera. I am e-mailing with Amazon about this item, but it seems that "this item" is no lonager available and the price is somewhat higher. I am in the process of returning it to Amazon in hopes of receiving another one exactly like it. I'd like to give it another try, but am wondering if I should be on the lookout for another camera; and one that's not made by Nikkon!
camera|I bought this for a friend who wanted to get into photography and get away from the more simplistic point and shoot style cameras. This is a great first step without going into the larger, more expensive, devices and having to worry about lenses and such. For those that have been trained or are more professional this may not be a great option due to the lack of view finder and some refinement of lenses, etc. Other than that it is a great camera with simplistic use such as regular AA batteries, large vibrant screen, and great steady shot mode.
camera|I ordered this product used-like new and have to say I am glad I did. The original price on this is $279. Found it used for $166 and had an amazon gift card to use up. I ended up paying $116. This camera is as beautiful as it looks and takes wonderful photos. It is not professional grade by any means but is certainly a step above many point and shoot cameras. The zoom is amazing. I am still working with some of the customization modes because I take lots of photos but the auto mode is good for the beginner who has no clue or just doesn't care. This camera does adjust for most lighting situations. Even with advanced sd card, the shutter speed is not quite as fast as my old 35mm but I am happy with my purchasePROS: Color, Zoom, Grip, Customization ChoicesCONS: Shutter Speed
camera|Takes great pics! Thank you!My daughter loves this cameraeverything she expected I am glad that I took the time to find it and look to amazon for itthank you
camera|100 % . recomendado . muy . buen . producto . personas . serias. y . responsables . 100 %
camera|I was looking for a digital, with zoom, point and shoot with high res. I got that and more from the L810.the zoom is fantastic. I shoot wildlife and scenery pictures and do drawings/watercolor pictures from them. The clarity and color are brilliant.The basic format setups are user friendly and very well thought out.thank you, Nikon, you've done an excellent job once again.Tom A.West Texas, USA
camera|It's perfect. Great camera and deal.Well done. And very good time to reciveCan purchase whit thid guys.Thanks
camera|When the camera arrived we noticed that the photos had random blurry areas, almost in a halo around the point of focus. We shipped the camera to Nikon and they had it for over a month. When we finally got it back, the blurriness was gone but all of our photos had a pink tint. We tried adjusting every setting on the camera to no avail. So, we shipped the camera back to Nikon yet again. This time they had it for over two months. When I contacted them to see what the status was, about 30 days into the repair, they told me it was on a &#34;parts hold&#34;. Finally got the camera back with a laundry list of what had been done to &#34;fix&#34; the problem. However, all the pictures still looked pink. We sent it back to them three separate times for the pink issue. FINALLY, 6 months after buying the camera, the pink issue was resolved. In its place... a fuzzy black line straight down the center of every picture. Sent it back to Nikon AGAIN and now they have lost our camera and are putting the responsibility on us to prove it, even though it was their UPS ship label I used to send it back. Each time, to get the camera &#34;repaired&#34;, and I use that term loosely, I had to first submit a support request on their website, after which I would receive a response within a few days. I couldn't respond back to the email but instead had to log back in to their website to &#34;add to my question&#34;. They would provide a link to download a UPS label to ship the camera back. It took 2-4 days each time for them to acknowledge that they received the camera. There were never any updates regarding the status of the repair, when we could expect to get the camera back, or any other communication on their part. I tried contacting them by phone and requesting to speak to someone higher up the food chain and never really got anywhere. Singularly the worst customer service experience I have EVER had. I will NEVER buy another Nikon product. A shame, since the Nikon I purchased this to replace was a pretty decent camera until it wore out.
camera|This Nikon Coolpix L810 16.1 MP digital camera takes ok pictures not the best kind of hard to operate operate
camera|Great product Works great, more than I need Great item, I would recommend this to any and everyone. Why so many words here?
camera|Nikon COOLPIX L810 EXELENTE 16.1 MP Digital Camerais an excellent Nikon COOLPIX L810 16.1 MP Digital Camera I ecibido in very good condition, excellent brand, buenisimo shipping was fast and I am very happy with the purchase I recommend for that reason I give it 6 stars thank you very much.
camera|This is an easy to use camera with fairly good visibility during high light. I can actually see the lcd in the sun.
camera|Ordered this through Adorama cameras here on amazon, wasn't expecting much since I read almost all the reviews before getting this.First of all, I got this one day before a sea trip that I took. I didn't expect it to take good pictures of moving objects, but was surprised when I took several photos of people jumping off the boat in mid-air. They weren't 100% accurate, but for a digital camera in the price range it was great.The flash isn't bad either, took a few night photos of people and it was pretty handy.One thing I noticed was it was horrible for night shots, but that wasn't an issue since most cameras are. The size of the L810 was perfect for me as I have small hands, also that the size was handy and easier to carry than a DSLR.Overall this camera is great. It was more than I expected and the shape was also very appealing. Much better than a normal digital camera and the zoom isn't that bad either.If you want a camera that can be handy, yet of quality, then this is the right choice :)
camera|So, where do I start? My girlfriend has her own business as a professional photographer, and I like taking photos too. (Just not extremely fancy like she does.) I bought a cheap $100 camera a few years ago, and that's what it was, cheap. It took a few really good photos, but that's if the camera focused "just right". Well, I wanted to take better pictures, so I bought this. Let's put it this way, my road is about 1/2 mile long, and there are bridges on both sides. I can walk to one end, zoom in the camera all the way, and the other bridge will take up the screen on the camera, so it's got super zoom! The camera itself cannot make panoramic images (if you're into that thing) but it does include software for your computer that can "stitch" images into a panoramic scene. Also, it has the capability of 720p video with one button. I could go on and on, but in short, this is a really good camera for a very good price. If you need an upgrade, you should probably look into this one.
camera|I love this camera. It is light, compact, takes beautiful pictures, and is easy to use. It turns on quickly and is ready to go. But I do have a couple of complaints:1) The zoom is too fast! When trying to frame a shot by zooming in just a little, it will always over-shoot my desired zoom, requiring me to zoom in and out to get what I want.2) The camera is not designed to accept lens filters, and that surprised me. Over the past 45 years I have owned many SLRs and have ALWAYS installed a neutral density filter to protect the lens from dust and finger prints. I can't do that with this camera. Nikon could have easily made this camera to accept lens filters. Nikon should have known better.
camera|I just played with this camera at target and in just 10 minutes I figured a lot out! and the camera is very friendly to use with people who love figuring new things out as well (others who are a little technology illiterate may take longer to figure out)!!From what I played with at Target zoomed all the way in it takes beautiful depth of field sharp shots! I just bought this item off Amazon because it was 299 at target (249 at wall-mart) so I am saving a lot! The camera is a lot smaller than it seems on pictures!! I am so psyched it is coming by Thursday (today's Tuesday)!! I wanted the blue :( but it wouldn't ship for 4-7 weeks so I got the black to have it in 2 days before my trip to Jersey for the weekend!! Next week or so I will update you guys about it! So excited!!
camera|Takes amazing pictures, I like to bring it with me a lot of places and it is very easy to do so, not heavy at all. Came on time and came with all accessories!Except a case and a memory card of course but got both of these at Wal-mart for cheap. I am constantly showing people my camera and they are amazed that it is a used one, might as well be new and I got it for a GREAT price. My grandma and grandpa are putting their orders in for one soon. They spent just as much on their cameras from Costco and theirs broke within a year. This camera has great quality in pictures and in general. Glad I didn't have to go through the hassle of returning it!
camera|I expected more for the price. It's bulky and slow at taking pictures not a pro camera it's just the smaller cool pix on steroids. You better off buying the smaller more portable Nikon they have more or less same features. But it does take nice pictures.
camera|I was looking for a camera semi profesional under my budget. I got this camera and I started taking pictures. The zoom is great but you need a lot of time focusing.I thought it was faster taking pictures but I have to wait between one picture and another. (Don't like this part)I recommend this camera for people who start in the photo hobbie.The pixels are very good.
camera|I am really enjoying my new camera that I recently purchased. It came with a charger, a user's guide, and other useful materials. In addition, I love that the camera has a cover for its lens to protect it, and the device has great graphics and high quality zooming. I would highly recommend friends and family to purchase this camera and other products from EzCorp on Amazon. The camera came in excellent condition! What an awesome device!!!Kindly regards,Natasha M.
camera|Have a N1001 35mm but it's hard getting pics printed. So this was the logical move. Not easy determining that you needed ONLY Nikon batteries (on a trip, bought what the book said was ok batteries, spent hours trying to get the camera to turn on.) but once I got the Nikon batteries, camera lives up to its hype.
camera|I bought this camera a month ago and so far I am pretty satisfied. The only thing is that I would have preferred to have rechargeable batteries instead of the regularones. Pictures nice and clear but sometimes when a picture is done is out of focus...I am not sure if it's me or the camera.In conclusion, it was a nice buy!
camera|I do like this camera, I just recieved it today!! Only and ONLY thing I would change is that the camera does NOT come with a lens cover?!?!?!?! I guess I thoguht this was standard on all cameras, guess I should've read more in depth...Just have to be super careful with it!!
camera|I love this camera! I took some time to read the manual and play with the different functions. The various photo settings are great! I took some test shots that proved that the specific photo settings work. I took a picture with light in the background at a normal setting and then a "background lit" specified setting. The pictures are vastly different with the clarity & color of the one taken at the specified setting being much better. I also played with the "sports" and "snow" photo settings. They also proved to be stellar. I got some amazing pictures of my son playing football that are very clear even though he never stops moving. The other reviews were accurate about having to hold the button down halfway to allow it to focus, then pressing all the way to take the picture. This instruction is also in the manual. When opperated correctly, this camera is great! I would definitely recommend this one!
camera|love this camera. i am giving it 4 stars though because the time it takes to take a photo is annoying. It is especially frustrating if you are taking pictures of babies or nature. the blue color is beautiful. the zoom feature is great. make sure you take the lens cap off before turning on the camera. I definitely see this as the future downfall of this camera for myself. i have always turned on my cameras before removing the lens to get ready. You will get an error message and instruction to turn off your camera and then remove lens cap if you accidentally do this. the black and white scene setting takes great photos.
camera|Love this camera! I bought this for my son as a graduating present in the Air Force because I figured it was light and easy to use and good quality and it is all three. He loves the camera and it is a great beginner camera for someone who loves photography but is on a bit of a budget. I have a really nice Pentax camera and take a lot of pictures with it and I wasnt sure how this camera would compare to mine, but it is acutally an excellant camera, I would highly recommend it!
camera|I think this camera is great for amateurs like my husband and myself. It has great zoom, you just have to focus the camera...its not blurry...pictures come out clean and , the cam is fast ...it does its job well. I think it was great for the price and shipping was fast. My advice is to skim through the CD for easy how to's with the camera.
camera|I recently took a trip to Las Vegas and attempted to take a picture with my old digital zoom camera and received a notification that the rechargeable battery was dead. I could have purchased a cheap replacement battery on Amazon, but I couldn't find a replacement battery in the Vegas area, so I decided to purchase a new camera. The old camera I had was very simple and only had a digital zoom, which doesn't compare with the optical zoom of this camera. I looked around and found this Nikon on sale at the Best Buy in Las Vegas and purchased it immediately. I was taking a day trip to Lake Mead and picked up the Nikon on the way there. I took a lot of pictures and a few videos and, for the most part, they look great! I only read the very basics of use, ie; battery install, zoom and how to take a video/picture, so I didn't get all the pictures properly focused, but the vast majority look great. Part of me wishes they included an internal rechargeable battery with this camera, but after facing the sudden death of a camera that relied on those internal batteries, I think I prefer having a camera with batteries that can be purchased most anywhere I go. Those internal rechargeable batteries seem to be made specifically for each camera you purchase so finding a replacement immediately available is fairly unlikely. For the price, I don't think you're going to find a better camera. I did purchase a 16GB memory card to use with the Nikon and the 200 pictures and 15 minutes of HD recording I made still leave me with 12GB of open space on the card.
camera|I've had Nikon Camera's for years until my last one somehow disappeared. Was able to receive a new Nikon CoolPix L810 from a friend of mine (Thank You Mr Angel), I truly have to say that this Nikon CoolPix is Fabulous!! It has many options i.e., Smart Portrait is great does the thinking for You, also easy to save/transfer Pics to PC. In the past was required to download Manufacturers Program to remove Pics store Pics to computer.Thanks Nikon COOLPIX L810
camera|My husband gave me the Nikon Cool Pix for my birthday. I am still discovering all the functions. I love it! The only negative is that there is no view finder. If it's too sunny or bright out it is a little difficult to see what you are doing. All in all it's a great camera.
camera|I have taken a variety of pictures with my Nikon Cool Pix L810 and am pleased with the results. It takes some practice as well as reading and studying the manual but the results are worth it. Blurred images can be a problem but experimenting with various modes cures the problems. I had one hiccup with the Smart Portrait mode where the picture would not save to the memory card that was recommended by Amazon--Transcend 16 GB. When I got a San Disk 16GB card recommended by Nikon the problem was solved. I wish that Amazon would recommend memory cards that have been tested by Nikon for the camera. I had to find out the hard way later although the Transcend card works fine for most of the camera functions.
camera|This little point and shoot with 720p HD video works like a champ. Easy presets work well and are easy to get to. As with any point and shoot with a fixed lens, it can't earn 5 stars because the 26x zoom, well, just doesn't do that well. Overall a great little camera for family gatherings and vacations where lugging around a professional Nikon and lenses is not convenient.
camera|Bought this as a present for my girlfriend. She loves taking pictures and is a complete amateur. For what she uses it for this camera is the best bang for your buck. The pictures she takes are fairly stunning and impressive for the price!
camera|I got this for my wife to take photos mostly of the products she sells as well as for general family function photos. My wife is happy, so the world is a much better place. I would recommend this camera and seller.
camera|I like the camera but I will say from the different views I've read it is a difficult camera to use.Once I've read all the instructions for the camera and used it. I have no real complaints. I took the cameraOn a resent fishing trip in Montana,the pictures I took turned out great. It doesn't take a Rocket ScientistTo figure it out! Like any thing you buy today! Read the Manual, it helps
camera|My daughter loves this camera! Takes great looking pictures & the quality is great. Takes just as good of pictures as the more expensive cameras!
camera|I've been looking into DSLR cameras for a while now and since they were out of my budget I decided to go with this camera. It does everything I would expect it to and actually fits my needs better than the DSLR would
camera|I bought my wife this camera for her birthday. This is an easy to use camera. If you are looking for an easy to hassle free camera for family use this is the one. It has lots of features at a great price. It takes great pictures.
camera|I like it. Clear pictures in a laboratory setting with little natural light. I would recommend this camera for busness or personal use.
camera|I was totally impressed at the quality for the price. I gave one to my parents for the 37 wedding anniversary. Like what I saw so much I bought one for myself.
camera|This camera is fantastic it takes really clear pictures, and I'm sure my husband and Daughter in Law will be happy to get these cameras For Christmas. They will be surprised at the quality and length this camera can go.Wonderful pictures taken by this camera and I was just testing them to be sure they worked. And they can do so much more.
camera|So incredibly disappointed in this camera. I have sent it back twice for warranty repair on the zoom sticking/not retracking and pictures being blurry. Just went on Nikon website to check on status and they have shipped it back to me stating no problem found - unbelievable! So I will be trashing this camera and saving for a new one, but you can bet it won't be a Nikon.
camera|I Was in the market for a new/better camera and saw this one, noticed it was a Nikon and it was $215. Wanted it after seeing a Nikon just like this in Walmart for $500. Read reviews, no real negatives besides a defective camera once in a while, which happens with any product: tvs,computers,cameras, etc. Which doesnt mean the product itself is bad. I was jumbling around between this one and a couple others that were a little cheaper, but im so glad i chose this one! Its a beautiful, sleek lookin camera that takes GREAT quality photos and video.
camera|I was so excited to get this camera after having used a Sony Cybershot basic point and shoot camera for several years. This may be attributable to my lack of photography skills but I am having a terrible time getting consistently good pictures and the instructions in the brief manual aren't very helpful. Many of the pictures are blurry, particularly if I use the zoom feature. Also, I have no idea when the flash will operate once I open it and when shooting into a completely dark room sometimes it will work (in which case the pictures are crystal clear and beautiful) and other times nothing. There is an indicator for flash on the top right side of the camera but it never lights up on mine. I went online to look for a more detailed manual but it appeared to be the same thing. Should I return it or is this simply a learning curve issue? I am taking a trip to the Caribbean next month and don't want to risk not being able to get consistently beautiful pics -- please help! Thanks so much.
camera|The strategically-placed rubber grips are a nice feature. Great pictures. Large view LCD. Four stars because this Nikon eats batteries like they're potato chips. You need four premium AA's, just a heads-up. Fun camera with all the bells and whistles, and still easy enough for a novice. Oh, and the Cherry-Red body is hot as in groovy-hot.
camera|This camera can take a great picture. I've taken some for calendars, etc. at the highest quality settings and was very pleased with the results. This camera can also be painfully slow to focus for close-up work and sometimes it simply can't auto focus on an object. I read some reviews about the slow focus and figured it was user related and bet on Nikon quality. I wouldn't buy this camera again or recommend it because of the slow focus however.
camera|I bought this camera because of the of the Nikon brand. I waslooking to move up a notch in the qualityof camera I've owned, having owned several Sonys before. The 26X optical zoom excited me, as I like to take a lot of outdoors pictures. But...I should have read the reviews. This camera is indeed terrible in low light. I have yet to take a decent shot of my granddaughter indoors! And it takes WAY too long to focus, frame the shot, etc, resulting in a ton of blurry images. The shutte speed is just..too..slow....I feel like just wasted $200.
camera|I just got this today and am returning it. It feels like a cheap toy. Upon opening the battery case to insert the batteries, I got worried because it is obvious how cheaply this camera was constructed. And I was right to be worried.The photos it took were so sub-standard, I think I may have received a lemon. I have a 7-year-old Kodak that takes crisper photos. Regardless of my adjusting the settings, using a different card, and doing everything I could to get a clear photo, the camera failed to deliver. All the photos were either grainy, blurry, over-exposed, under-exposed, and it took FOREVER for the shutter to respond on all settings. The "auto smart" setting produced the worst photos in all lighting conditions.I do think the camera I received is defective, but rather than take my chances with a new one I am going to spend a little more for a Canon. I just cannot shake how cheap the Nikon feels.
camera|When this worked it gave good pictures, but after about 300 pictures it would fire a second time right after you took a picture, giving you a picture of your feet or such. Then you would press the fire button several times and it would not take a picture then eventually it would fire, not always in focus, you can imagine how frustrating that was. The photos are good but the software program running it is clearly flaky and the auto focus would not stick every time. I intend to break it into a thousand pieces and would have done that on vacation if I didn't need it, it was that frustrating and I wish I had bought the Canon I had originally considered buying.
camera|I love this camera. It's simple to use and has a nice zoom. It takes some getting used to but once I remembered to wait for the focus square (??) to turn green I was good. I also like the pet feature that takes 3 shots in a row so if your doggie moves you still might get a good shot. And it uses regular batteries....the last camera I had used its own batteries and they were forever needing recharging. I'm glad I bought it.
camera|I received this camera less than 24 hours ago.. I have fairly extensive experience with photography - mostly film. Familiarizing myself with this Nikon (L810) and doing a fair number of shots encourages me. It is obviously a 'consumer grade' item but performs very well. It is quick to start - easy to learn and use, fairly intuitive. It shoots quickly and with very little lag. The photos taken are of very good quality thus far. Batteries (AA) are easily available. With a 16 gig card it seems to have a large capacity even at the highest resolution set. All the settings available seem to cover most situations without enduring a very high learning curve. It kind of looks/feels like an SLR - but is small and light. The lens works quite well and provides wonderful telephoto power. The macro setting is very friendly and effective. I've yet to find anything to complain about. It is a VERY good value considering the low price and high performance. I'd have liked to had geo catching but the provided software is an acceptable 'work-around' for that. I've yet to use the video - but not a big requirement for me. If its half the still performance I'll be satisfied. It's a Nikon - not a Leica - but very-very good considering the price. Only time will answer reliability concerns... but while feeling a tad flimsy - not a big annoyance. It feels good in the hand. Small in size and nice light weight. I'd strongly recommend it. The only problem I anticipate is a confusion potential when inserting batteries as far as polarity. There are no discernible makings to know which way to put them in unless you check the manual. A small solve-able issue... but a foolish over sight I thought. A great value!!
camera|This is the best camera I have owned in the past 6 years.I bought it for the zoom, it did not dissapointtook it to Scotland and London, did not have to worry about chargingit takes batteries, kept batteries in my purse and was always readypictures near and far are beautiful video clear with good soundafter seeing my pictures friends are out to buy it to!
camera|I just received this camera and am wonderfully surprised. Wanted a better camera without having photography knowledge. This camera is awesome just using it in the auto mode. I am so pleased with the functions and the results. I can't wait to continue using it. Wish I would have known it came with a strap, I wouldn't have bought one.
camera|After reading the reviews here - it definitely seems like some user error when taking pictures with the camera. As with most common point and shoots, the shoot button requires a half-depress in order to auto focus the shot. And if you're not holding the camera steady, don't expect a clear picture.Too many people are zooming in to 26x, taking a free standing picture, then complaining about blurriness.Half depress for focus, extremely steady hold, and smooth full depress has produced some of the best images I've seen from a point and shoot (although it's not exactly point-and-shoot).
camera|On the plus side:- This camera gives you the opportunity for shots you can't get with other cameras that have lower zoom factors and image resolution.- Has on-board memory that permits shot taking w/o an SD card- Comes with a grown-up camera strap, not some puny cord that dangles it off your wristOn the minus side:- Camera size requires full sized camera strap.- No viewfinder. Display can be hard to see in bright sun or glare.- This camera lacks many controls features of many cameras in same price range: External mode selector, direct aperture or shutter speed control, or manual focus.- Camera does not auto-detect its orientation and rotate the picture when you hold the camera in portrait position.Overall:This camera would disappoint any photographer they thought they'd be working with a real Nikon and not Nikon Lite. As a point-and-shoot camera, the L810 employs specialized technologies like face recognition, wink-activated shutter, and BSS (Best Shot Selection) to do the work of getting a decent exposure. These technologies give you a decent exposure, but sometimes with less than fine image quality.Many of those features are designed around the idea that people will be in most of your pictures. When it's in the EasyAuto mode, its go to settings are those of the Smart Portrait mode. Although it doesn't rotate pictures based on the way you hold the camera, it will rotate the picture to align it with any face it detects.Other reviews have recommended reading the manual to get best use of this camera. I second that. For example It's not likely you'd notice that setting the ISO number in the Auto (NOT Easy Auto) mode turns off anti-shake feature. This will give you better image quality in lower light settings where you're using a tripod, but the only way you'd know about this, and other special modes, would be by reading the manual.One of the bits of advice you get from manual is to take another picture. This has worked for me. Most of the time if auto-focus has selected the wrong subject, trying another shot has produced better resultsWith batteries, this camera weighs in at just under a pound. After adding in a camera case and a spare set of batteries, its size and weight are more than I'm willing to carry with me every day.The L810 has individual buttons for each of the three modes: still shots, video, and viewing. They are easy to reach, but have enough separation to avoid hitting the wrong one. Despite some practice, I still don't have the hang of working the video button so that I'm recording when I want to be recording, and only then.Internal memory supports a decent amount of on-camera editing. For example, you can crop and resize pictures, but some testing I did showed that the camera reprocesses the new image to create it in a standard size. I don't know know much this reprocessing, done even for a simple crop, effects image quality, but I feel more comfortable doing this with desktop software.The L810 display shows you when the camera is operating in optical zoom range, and when it has switched to digital zoom. I've found it easy to work with. The optical/digital switching mechanism has an unusual feature: selecting a lower image resolution extends the range of the optical zoom.The L810's telephoto performance and high megapixel rating extend the range of pictures you can show without having to point out and explain "Right there is a bird that was . . ." But, as with every camera, the most important lens for taking good pictures is the one in your eye.
camera|I got this camera back in April and one of the first things I was impressed with were the photos of flowers using the macro mode. I was amazed by the detail and clarity of the pictures and since I have had a few different brands of cameras this is the best I have had with that capacity. I have had Kodak and Fuji and they are good cameras but this has had the best in that category. I had to get used to just having a viewfinder but it hasn't been a deal breaker. I also have had the blurry picture and the main reason for this is because of my own user error. I am still figuring out exactly how to navigate the scene modes to determine what is best for different situations. My husband said that's what the manual is for. Well yes, I know that, but this is the first time I have had to play around like this. Do I mind? Heck no as I love photography and I think the camera is a good one that I have to still experiment with. I like the two zoom buttons to use and the video button and so this has been a great camera and I have gotten really good pictures. Am I still expermenting? Yes I am and I am enjoying it because it gives me the ability to consider the lighting and the mode that might be needed and from various reviews I am also looking at other options to consider. I love this camera and I think it is worth the time and the money to get these kinds of pictures.
camera|The camera is wonderful for the price. The zoom is amazing and works very well with still subjects in high light. It gets a little grainy with moving subjects in lower lights (ex. zoo)... I am very pleased with the camera and can't wait to take in on vacation!
camera|Before buying the camera, I looked at previous reviews. While most were positive, one explained that pictures would come out unfocused when shooting rapidly. I can confirm that this is the case. You either miss the action by going through the recommended procedure or your pictures will be out of focus. Shame, the camera has many other positive attributes.
camera|The zoom capability of this camera is what sold me on this camera. The macro and zoom are unbelievable. It has a lot of nice features for a point and shoot camera. However, my enthusiasm dropped when I reviewed the images on a computer screen at 1:1. The images are highly pixelated. When the camera is zoomed to the max, image quality really suffers. I do not believe you could get a decent enlargement from a fully zoomed shot.I purchased this camera to replace my old CoolPix P5000 (10 MP). Granted the P5000 doesn't have nearly the zoom capability as the L810 but I think the picture quality is better on the old model.Prior to purchasing this camera, I suggest you take a series of shots from wide angle to full zoom and review the images on a good monitor at 1:1. If you can live with the quality, then the camera has a lot of features you will probably enjoy. For me, the image quality is more important than the bells and whistles so it gets a low rating.
camera|I use my new camera for work (print advertising business) and it does an excellent job out on location. I have used it for studio shots as well as portraits and action shots. I bought this in June 2012 after a long search for features and value of numerous cameras. My first shots with the L810 have now printed in our magazine and they look great. I'm sure that's the 16 MP resolution quality coming through. It is easy to use and has a lot of settings. I was amazed at the resolution and quality of the pictures in low light with the flash off.This is my second Nikon camera and I debated buying a more expensive body only model so I could use the lenses I already owned. But I was looking for something fast and easy and this fit my needs without time consuming lens changes or need for a big bag to carry them in. The 26x Zoom is very good and is quick to auto focus when panning in and out. Uploading to computer is easy after quick software install. 3 inch screen is very clear and makes it simple to do a fast review of the picture I just took and make adjustments for next shot without having to wait until I load to computer and possibly need to go back for a re-shoot.I didn't buy this for the video mode since I work for a print magazine but my initial trial with video is very good. I only wish I'd waited a couple of days because Amazon dropped the price $20 just after my order date but that's just my bad luck and makes it an even better deal for others. I still can't believe you get Nikon quality and all of these features for 200 bucks.
camera|Ever since I have purchased, have constantly had issues with Lens getting stuck even with new batteries, takes gr8 pic out doors with good daylight but indoor sucks... triedd with various modes but never get a clear pic, lot of Hue, I understand it depends on the indoor lighting but my Cell phone gets a better indoor pic than this camera so planning to send it for service and see what happens. Not sure I can return to Amazon after SIX months to get full refund.Battery life is good for pic only, with video cant get much out of it...Sorry I am extremely disappointed for 2 bug reasons:Poor indoor quality and low low battery life and lens gets stuck cannot do anything about , have to remove and switch batteries but still no guarantee that will work
camera|The Nikon Coolpix L810 is a great camera!!!!!Takes really clear telephoto close-up shots. Awesome quality, easy to use, cheap price! I would deffinately recomend this to a friend! For best photos, go outside. Takes good indoor photos but the quality is at its best outdoors.I love the close-up mode on this camera. A sales person at another store said portrait mode was best for telephoto shots. But with this nikon the close-up mode is so amazing for telephoto shots! Portrait for closeups is blurry. On other modes for regular pictures the quality is great too. I also like the black and white setting. This camera is a wonderful camera for anybody. Do get this camera you will not be wasting money (:
camera|I chose this rating because I am very impressed with the quality of my pictures. They are the sharpest photos I have ever taken. We had a Halloween party recently and even with the flash, they are sharp. We just have to get used to the couple second delay for focusing before the picture is taken. We are still learning what we can do with this camera!
camera|I am 14 years old and have been wanting a camera for awhile. I decided to purchase this one and have to say that I am very pleased. As for the reviews about its blurry pictures, yes they are blurry IF you don't first focus the camera by pushing the shutter button down halfway first. If you do that however, the picture quality is excellent. I would highly recommend this product to anyone wanting a good camera without having to pay too much.
camera|One word heading and (if I could get away with it) a one word review. The pics are amazingly crisp and sharp, even at the highest zoom and have no "artifact issues" in low light (unless, of course, you're attempting to take a photograph in a pitch black room). The only reason I gave it 4 starts instead of 5 is because it lacks a separate "viewfinder".I know, I know...but I'm still "old fashioned" when it comes to some things and using a camera without a viewfinder just does not feel "natural". Even though many people LIKE "chimping" (as it is called when you use the LCD screen to set up your shot), *I* am not a fan of the practice. This is not a knock against the camera but rather a personal observation and the ONLY shortcoming that I see that the camera has...but that does not detract from the abilities of the camera itself.IMO, it works exactly as advertised and is more than adequate for a beginning photographer or someone who wants to take a stab at finally going from film to digital. However, to get the viewfinder, I would recommend going up one step and getting this same camera with the 42X optical zoom. It costs a little more, but, is worth it for the addition of the viewfinder and the longer range.
camera|Let me start off by saying this is the best camera I have ever owned with a VERY good price tag!! It takes awesome pictures and fantastic 720p HD video. It also has 22 camera modes from party to fireworks and even a snow mode! It takes awesome zoomed in pictures that are very clear every time! The flash works very well and you can pick from 4 flash modes: Auto, Auto with red eye reduction, fill flash, and slow sync. You can also adjust the light exposure very fast so that all your pictures look great no matter what lighting condition. I definitely recommend this camera to anyone that wants a fantastic low priced reliable camera.
camera|This camera was an excellent choice for me due to price and features. I have a variety of cameras including 4x5. I shoot a lot and am fairly demanding. This camera suits this photographer very well so far. I can capture wildflowers including the bee and you can see the wings in motion along with detail of the flower. I have not tried shooting birds yet. The photos I have been getting with this camera need very little Photoshop. The color is very nice.
camera|This is a SWEET camera! It's not only gorgeous, but practical. Love the quality of the pictures, the ease of use, and the fact that it has regular AA batteries. You can get them anywhere. You can get a good grip in the camera. Also, came as a package with the camera case and memory card. I'm in love with it!
camera|Took stills and motion pictures at my grandson's 3rd birthday right after opening the box and was impressed with the results. The camera is relatively small and light considering it has a 26X zoom. I wish it had an electronic viewfinder in addition to the LCD. I can hold a camera steadier when it's against my face vs held away from my body. The camera does have built in shake control, which helps though. I strongly recommend this camera.
camera|I thought I had done my homework when I purchased the Nikon L810 a few months ago. How wrong could I be? My six year old Canon Powershot easily beats this NEW camera from Nikon. Do you want to wait forever between shots? Do you always want crisp clear photos every time? Then keep looking, this is not a reliable camera at any price. I sincerely regret making this purchase. The product information and advertising was misleading for the comsumer. So, don't waste your money on this blurry snail of a camera.
camera|Really impressed! I wanted a good quality camera. I am not a professional photographer but looking to take some great photos and start learning! Love it! Read some reviews and bought a couple of recommended add ons like the rechargeable energizer batteries and it makes it even better! Great
camera|This camera is a great camera for the money.It is easy to use just review the booklet that comes with it first.You can set it in auto and the camera will make the adjustments for light and clairty.Or you can put it in to manual .It also has a video camera within this camera.I would reccomend this camera to anyone.
camera|I just got my camera yesterday, i was a little concerned about how well it would work from some of the comments people have made about it, but after one hour working with it I now know how it likes to work and Love it! Best thing I ever did. At first it was just to replace my old cam that had a black smudge under the lense ruining my shots, and wanted a cam to take some shots for my book's cover, but after using it for the past day I think I'll try doing some pro stuff here and there with it! I'm very happy with my purchase!
camera|I got for my wife to take pictures of her flowers. She was surprised that the camera was small and light weight. She took pictures with it and was amazed at the quality and sharpness. Very pleased with the camera
camera|I have owned three of the Nikon L model camera's, the L100, L110, and L120. I love this model because it takes regular AA batteries and is very easy to hold and take photos with one hand. I'm a real estate appraiser and use these camera's on the job. The L100 was pretty good, the L110 was not worth the upgrade and the L120 is pretty near perfect for my needs. They all focused relatively quickly and rarely were out of focus. I wanted just a tad more speed taking a picture when I pressed the shutter release button (focus lock) and a tad wider angle, so I bought the new L810. What a waste of money. My camera may be defective because so many things are wrong with it. I noticed right away that it won't take 1024x768 (1M) photos. This is the size I prefer to take pictures of houses for my appraisal reports due to their small size. Secondly, I immediately noticed that it didn't always take a photo after pressing the shutter release mechanisms. It wasn't getting focus lock or something, I'm not sure. It took two, sometimes three, presses of the shutter release button before it would take a photo. I've timed it and it'll take three to five full seconds of continueously holding down the shutter button before it'll snap a picture. Then when I got home and transferred the photos to my PC, more disappointment, nearly all the photos were ever so slightly out of focus. These were for pictures taking outdoors in the daytime. I'm returning the camera and going back to my reliable Nikon L120.
camera|I did a lot of research before buying this Nikon. I saw negative as well as positive reviews and when I finally bought it I thought I hope I'll like it or I'll just return it if it has a problem.I ordered it on Monday at noon and it was delivered Tuesday at 10 thanks to Amazon and the prime shipping. When I got it I immediately started testing it.I'm a beginner but I like pretty pictures with a good quality and easy to use cameras. This camera is very easy when you put it on auto mode.The macro is unbelievable. The quality is awesome I love it.I also went out at night and my pictures are really good.I tried the zoom at night and the quality isn't there, most of my photos where blurry. But the zoom is nice during the day with very clear photos even from far away.I still have a lot to explore in this camera but I am already very happy by the quality it procures for the price I paid.I recommend it for people like me : Beginners who like an easy camera taking very clear photos but definitely not for someone who's really into photography and who wants an almost professional camera because this is not it!
camera|First off let me shed some light on the 29 minute video recording...The SD cards used in the camera have FAT32 file system formatting which allows for 4GB file size maximum, i.e. each single file cannot be bigger than 4GB.Depending on how fine is the video quality, one can record as long of a video as a single 4GB file can hold.So this is not a camera fault but a memory card limitation - NOT just for this camera, but for EVERYTHING that uses SD cards.Now the major design flaw of many NIKON cameras is the placement of the mics inside the camera body instead of the flash popup - the same body that also contains all the motor parts, which vibrate and make noise - regardless of the noise level. Need I say that when recording video the zoom and focus motor noises are loudly audible in the video? This means that zooming / focusing and video recording don't go together in this camera.What a shame, really, for an otherwise good quality product.Since I purchased this camera from a store that's 10K miles away from me now, I simply cannot return it. So thinking of selling it for a half price.
camera|GREAT CAMERA, EASY TO USE. LOVE THE COLOR OF THIS CAMERA (BLUE). WOULD RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE. I REALLY LIKE THE ZOOM.
camera|It takes excellent pictures and is easy to use. There are some features i would like to see like in other models, for example pause video recording.
camera|I wanted a good camera with high resolution at a decent price - I found it with the COOLPIX. I am very pleased thus far.
camera|This camera gives you the feel of a DSLR without having to take along any extra equipment. The pictures are crystal clear and it is easy to use. The 26x gives more than adequate zoom range. I got the blue color as a tribute to my now deceased mother as blue was her favorite color.
camera|NIKON COOLPIX(tm) L810...I have been a portrait studio owner since 1974 and have gone through a great many cameras of all types, but basically for "small" work and for travel photographs I have always used Nikon. I have been shooting digital exclusively since 2005 and have always been on the lookout for a personal camera with the features of a DSLR but with the smallness of a point-and-shoot.This camera isn't it.I cannot believe how disappointed I was with a Nikon product. The only thing I found to like about this camera was the fact it used AA batteries. Considering how it burns through them, this is probably a good thing...I would advise you to ALWAYS carry 4 or more spare batteries.A main part of portrait/fine arts photography is composition... which is nearly impossible for some of us without an eyepiece/viewfinder. Despite what they try to sell us, a view screen is not much good in outdoor light.The image was so shaky that the long telephoto feature is not of much value unless you're outside on a bright, sunny day and even then it might be advisable to lug along some sort of tripod.Unless you want to use a somewhat harsh flash unit on 98% if you're indoor shots, this is not the camera for you. Its indoor/low light capabilities are extremely poor.I have an older Nikon D7000 point-and-shoot that is vastly REMARKABLY, superior to this camera.In many ways our first reaction was that the L810 is like a quantum step BACKWARDS, reminding us of the earliest digital cameras and all of their many, many foibles. Poor focus, poor stability, limited features, extremely poor existing light capabilities. In a word, my professional advice is avoid this model like the plague. Look at a different brand, or better yet, save your money for a small DSLR.
camera|I bought this to replace my obsolete 2.1mp 7.5x zoom Canon PowerShot- I wanted to have zoom that would allow close-ups, but was unable to afford it... until I found this camera. The zoom is a little hard to fine-tune- seems to zoom way in or way out too fast, but I'm adjusting to it. I LOVE the camera performance in low-light conditions. I have not needed to use flash indoors at all, and it has captured nice nuances of light & dark without manual adjustments- something this camera idiot appreciates. I was able to take indoor pics of my art students' self-portraits for our on-line art gallery within minutes of taking it out of the box. Haven't had time to learn how to use the other features yet, but it is loaded!
camera|I have been really enjoying my new camera!! I love the zoom! It is great for taking pictures of the kids! It takes a little getting used to. My first pictures were blurry, but I got the hang of it!
camera|This camera is a little gem. I was expecting something more like an old F2 I used to carry but instead this is about half the size and weight. On a recent trip, I envied other travelers with big SLRs only slightly. This camera does >90% of what I want and is very convenient to carry all day touring.Pros:+ high pixel count (lots of detail)+ high zoom (the limit of hand-held)+ normal batteries that last very long+ good feel in the hand+ most conditions give excellent picturesCons:- sometimes lagging shutter- only indirect control of exposure or shutter speed- no eyepiece (which would be especially valuable in full sun)- some conditions cannot be compensated, producing poor picturesThe camera can produce outstanding pictures. The limitations and trade-offs compared to a SLR are acceptable.
camera|I think this is a great camera! It's well designed and fairly easy to operate, especially for a digital camera. It takes a fantastic photo if you have it on the right setting. Take the time to learn how to use it, famialiarize yourself with the instructions and you'll be fine. The only thing I would change about it is the flash should pop up automaticly, not need to be manually lifted. Otherwise i'm very happy with it!
camera|Like most people, I was really skeptical making an online purchase of a camera! But, this camera is awesome. If you cannot afford a DSL, this is the closest you can get. I work in a biology lab and use it even to take scientific pictures (e.g. animal models etc.) and this is great!
camera|I was disappointed in the product. The picture quality was low grade and the shuttle button would stick. I like the size and the way it fit my hand. My brother has one and I was impressed with the camera, however this item's performance was bad. I believe it was a defective item. I also missed the added view finder that is found in other models.
camera|I love my new Nikon COOLPIX L810 camera in candy apple red. This camera is not complicated to use, but not as simple as a point and shoot. It has many options with easy to see and use icons. I priced this camera in several camera shops in my area and saved $70.00 purchasing through Amazon. The service was great receiving my camera in 3 days as promised. Thanks AMAZONI have purchased many items from AMAZON new and used books as well as hard to find items. I can always count on AMAZON for items from A to Z
camera|This is my first bridge camera. Always had the cheap point and clicks and my last one was the nikon L20. Man this camera is amazing I just love it. For the price you can't go wrong. Comes with 2 cd's, 1 is a manual and the other is ViewNX2 software which is for editing your photos and videos, 1 usb cable for your pc, 1 RCA cable for the t.v. and a strap. Just played with it for about 20 minutes and while I'm no professional (but want to be) this is a great beginner to work your way up to the SLR's. This was 1 of 4 gifts for my birthday. Thanks Dom. Would recommend.Update: Just an awesome camera! Check out the 2 pitures I took after 20 minutes of playing with it.1. The Bumble Bee on my railing.2. My beloved chihuahua in black & white.
camera|This camera is awesome for the money. I bought this camera to take pictures at my wedding and on a family vacation and it was awesome. Like others have said, it takes a little practice to get used to but once you read the directions and figure out how to use it, the camera will take quality pictures that rival many high dollar DSLR's.
camera|When it did take pics they were great ,most of the time you had to take several to get a good one. When I go to zoom a message would come up turn camera off and remove lens.(and yes the lens was off) Might have gotten a camera with a defect, but I am not the only one.
camera|Bought this camera based on reviews, which is now a norm for me. Great looking camera, great price and especially a great color/design. Bought it to photograph a sports activities, action shots. This camera SUCKED in trying to focus after taking one picture. It did not know what to do and when it did, the picture was out of focus. I lost a lot of great shots because the camera couldn't freaking "recuperate" from moving from one shot to the other. I quickly returned it and got my money back. For others that love it, more power to you. There is definitely no love from me! THE ONLY GREAT THING WAS AMAZON BEING SO AWESOME IN CREDITING MY ACCOUNT! THANK YOU AMAZON!Nikon COOLPIX L810 16.1 MP Digital Camera with 26x Zoom NIKKOR ED Glass Lens and 3-inch LCD (Black)
camera|The camera is ok, but I received it with a malfunction of the flash. I need to do a return and they fixed and returned to me again, but I expend 20 dollars in this process by the mail, it means 10% more of the initial value of my purchase...
camera|Read all reviews, some good, some not so - but decided to take a chance on the camera anyway. I LOVE it! Pictures are clear and I adore the zoom and close-ups I can get. Would recommend to anyone.
camera|If you are used to a digital camera with fast processing time, then do not buy this. It is way too slow for my taste. I also do not like the focusing time it takes for this camera to take a picture. The skin softening application is not that great either. Overall, I would not recommend this camera. I was swayed by some of the good reviews, but it is not to my liking.
camera|The Pros...it's a beautiful camera, the high res in the LCD on the back is wonderful and this camera takes great photos & videos. The 26X zoom is very smooth and once it arrives to the subject you are zooming in on, the Auto Focus is good for the amount of money one spends on this bridge camera. It's a nice package.Cons...I bought this camera for taking to car racing events, car shows and places where a good zoom for a nice movie is a MUST HAVE. I used the camera for some test shots, learning the ins and outs of it and was pretty pleased with it, until I started using the 26X zoom in VIDEO mode. It worked fine, but the shake AND blur that occurs during the zooming while taking a video was technically WAY behind the times as far as I am concerned & makes for a bad video.I have seen several other digital cameras in this price range & altho this might be one of those &#34;you get what you pay for&#34; scenarios, I believe the Canon models have cornered the market on blur reduction. Shop them all, but I ended up spending $400 instead of $225 and getting a camera that fit ALL my desires, not just most of them. My hubby has the old Canon SX5is and when I played around with his, I found that there were no zoom blur issues....I went to You Tube & found many videos that confirm the steadiness the SX50's blur reduction, keeping the subject in focus with very little shakiness. Another good option is the Canon SX500is....less zoom than the SX50 but less money.
camera|i got this camera and i was soo excited; started using it and i was sooo dissaapointed! when i take a picture it looks sooo bad i couldnt even describe it. I used it for maybe 4 special ocations and now it doesnt work! i was sooo carefull with it! im really mad
camera|This is a great camera for those just attempting to get into photography. I'm no expert by any means, but I feel like this is a great product for the price and for kind of a step between ye average point-and-shoot and a DSLR. I'm not ready to make the jump to DSLR yet, but this camera is certainly what I've been looking for. It is not exactly a point-and-shoot camera, and I think that's something that prospective buyers should know for sure. I read some reviews about how blurry some pictures have come out because the focus takes a bit to become clear. That would be because, again, it is not just a point-and-shoot. You have to spend some time with it to get comfortable using the different settings. Using the camera in &#34;easy auto&#34; mode is probably the best for someone looking for point-and-shoot capabilities, but if you want this camera to produce the best pictures it can, you definitely have to play around with the settings and everything to find what works in which situations. But really, it is an excellent camera for the price (much cheaper from Amazon than from Walmart or Best Buy, or anywhere else you may find it). The battery life is pretty excellent. I used the batteries that came with the camera for several days before they died, but I purchased a pack of rechargeables specifically for camera usage. I would totally recommend this camera to someone looking for a step up from the average point-and-shoot, but not entirely a professional grade camera. I haven't had any bad issues so far.
camera|I had a Nikon Coolpix S4, one of their first models from about 7 or 8 years ago, that developed a &#34;ghost&#34;. I really hated to give up that camera, as I do photography and make my own cards for both personal use and for sale, but it had to happen. I did a lot of research, polled friends on Facebook and finally decided to stay with Nikon and that a 26 zoom was more than enough for me. After all, I'd been happy with a 10x zoom in the S4. I looked long and hard at the next one up, with a 42 zoom, but realized that was far more than I wanted or needed. This new one takes a little getting used to, as the body is bigger. I do not want an SLR, so this seemed a logical choice. I love that online at Amazon I could get it in red. Quite a sharp color as opposed to the traditional black. Very happy so far, and am working on figuring everything out! :-)
camera|I received my camera on time and well packaged. I was very excited to use it, and have been taking pictures for a couple of days now. The zoom is excellent - I got a nice photo of the moon and jupiter together without a tripod, and the craters on the moon still show up very nicely. I also got beautiful macro photos of glitter and plants. However, the best part so far is that for the first time ever, I have been able to get perfectly clear photos of my ferret, who is normally nothing more than a white blur due to her inability to sit still for more than half a second. I have posted a picture of her on Amazon for all to see. I don't have much camera experience, so I am very impressed with how easy it is to get wonderful photos! This is a great camera!
camera|I am in high school and don't know enough about photography to invest in a $1,000 DSLR camera, so naturally this Nikon coolpix auto focus camera was perfect for me. I was excited to receive that practice one summer afternoon and immediately I opened it to find a "professional-looking" camera (previously I had a tiny coolpix that was becoming slow and blurring pictures). I read the entire manual CD and handbook and learned a lot about the camera and its functions. I was amazed by the clear zoom and immediately felt like taking more pictures of things like flowers, landscapes, and even pets! (The pet feature which takes continuous photos of moving animals was new to me) I was very pleased by the size of the screen and the quality of the pictures on my computer. So if you plan on saving some money but at the same time purchasing an enjoyable new camera, this camera is great!! the only thing that I would advise is that you don't delete pictures or look at them on the actual camera itself (save it for the computer) because it uses the battery really quickly... other than that, enjoy your photo taking!!
camera|After wrestling with my new Nikon D-7000 for a year and not being able to get the kind of pics I wanted, I sold it and started looking for a more user friendly digital camera. Right after saying goodbye to the D-7000, I got an ad in the mail for a bunch of Nikon cameras and sat down and did some reviews on some of them. The L-810 looked interesting, tho it had only been out a few months, it nearly matched the D-7000 in mega pixels, 16.1 vs 16.2! I read the available reviews on it and was pleased to see that the vast majority of buyers were very pleased with it, only the people who got a dud camera didn't like it. After buying it and learning how to use it,(easy),I found out it was the best camera I've ever used, and liked it SO MUCH, I bought 2 more for 2 brothers and talked a third into buying one. Nikon and Amazon should be happy with our family as all 4 of us have the same camera and I'm happy to report we were able to get EXCELLENT pictures of the moon for the first time ever. I'm not a pro photographer but I have been on local NBC TV 41 times in a 3 1/2 year period with the "weather picture of the day" so I'm not a novice either. I do believe some of the reviewers who said pro photographers were jealous of some pics from this L-810, if you are serious about picture taking without having a Phd., get one of these cameras, learn how to use it and you can't go wrong, whether you get it from Amazon or not. Try this camera in very low light conditions without a flash and you will be amazed! Erik M.
camera|I bought this camera to take pictures of my children. Children move, and this camera cannot handle it! The slightest movement causes a blur. I tried to take a picture of my brother getting his diploma at graduation and as he walked the camera caused a blur. On a recent trip to Virginia Beach the camera could not keep up with my family moving on the beach. I do know a bit about cameras and adjusted my shutter speed and a few other things, which did not help. My iphone took better pictures, which was really dissapointing!If you are looking for a camera to take still portrit style pictures, this one does that, but like in the early days of cameras make sure your subject hold perfectly still or you will have to retake the picture. One reviewer stated if the picture was bad she would just retake it, with kids I don't have that luxury, I missed many photo oppertunities due to this camera. I would have given this camera a -10 if it were allowed!
camera|I read a few reviews that said the camera would freeze, and tell you to turn off camera and remove lens cap. Well I should have listened to them. I took 12 pictures and this happened to me..Camera was useless. I sent it back to Amazon and they charged me $40 restocking fee for a broken camera..I learned a valuable lesson here. Shop somewhere else !!Update:They did refund my $40.00 restocking fee 10 after my refund. I'm guessing they waited to see that the camera was actually broken first. I feel better about it now, but it would have been nice if they had told me what was happening.
camera|I might have received a defective camera because the camera I purchased was completely out of focus. Most pictures I took would take a few seconds to focus itself then right as I take the picture, it refocuses. This causes the picture to blur. For some reason, the camera cannot focus properly. This occurs mostly when I zoom. I tried the zoom in bright areas, but it yielded the same results. I tried turning off auto focus and playing with the configuration, but still no change. Many close up shots were blurred out. When taking photos without zooming, photos would turn out fine. The biggest letdown is the video recording. I purchased the L810 because of its 26x zoom, but video capture is completely useless when zooming. Everything becomes unclear and you would have to zoom in and out to stabilize the auto focus. Focusing was such an annoyance with this camera. I wanted it to work well, but it didn't. Maybe it was just a defective product that I received, but then again...the camera has issues of lag and overall slow focusing. Not worth the money IMO.
camera|I typically shoot w/ a Nikon D90 and I wanted something smaller and lighter to take to the kids' activities instead of carrying my D90 brick everywhere. While I realize this L810 is NOT a DSLR and will not perform like one, it's performance is still very disappointing. I think I've taken better pictures with $10 disposable film cameras.PROS:The clear shots were clear and crisp (but there weren't many of them). I DID manage to get some good action shots (but not many). The scene selection needs to be played with to get what you want.And it IS light. And still photos are okay (if you aren't expecting great, consistent color).CONS:Rarely a crisp photo. Even the well-focused photos had a lot of noise under most all options. One of the biggest factors for me in deciding to return this camera was that the color is awful. My blues aren't bright and my greens are mostly brown. There is a lot of yellow coming through the pictures. If I want to mess with a bunch of settings to fix this, I can keep messing with my D90 and get crisp, clear pictures with realistic color. I would also agree with another reviewer who mentioned the camera's constant refocusing. You think you get it focused, you push the button the rest of the way down and abra-cadabra, it refocuses, resulting in blur.I really, really wanted to like this little camera enough to keep it. It does take decent stills (for its class) and the zoom is great. But I want crisp photos (even for just "everyday" pictures) and I really want the colors to be accurate. I live in a place with amazing color -- plants, sunrises, sunsets, clouds, etc. -- and I want to be able to capture that no matter what camera I have in my hand.Sadly, I am returning this.
camera|I really needed a new camera. The last two camera products I used were the Canon a560 and a Kodak c833. They both got the job done, but they were too easy to use, and I needed something more complex. So, as a family, we decided to buy this camera. To start, I'd like to thank amazon for being so quick. We were expecting the camera in 5-8 days, but we got it in three days only. The packaging wasn't fancy, nor ugly. The contents were the camera(duh), avi output for the camera, free batteries(trial use only), usb cable to plug the camera into our computer, and a nice software dvd. Now for the camera, all I can say is you get than what you pay for. The camera did come with unnecessary features, like 3D pictures, and excluded features like shutter speed control, but for $200, what do you expect? The zoom is wonderful if your subject is still and your hands are still. The auto-focus not fast at all, so your subject should be still for at least 3 seconds to get a zoom photo. The pictures without zoom are wonderful. The camera can detect faces very quickly, you have the option to control iso speed(up to 1600), and the flash is just perfect. I haven't tested much outdoor photography, so you can look at pictures on youtube maybe. Now for the video. The video on 480P is normal, and to tell the truth, the 720P is stunning on the screen. It's nearly professional, spider-man looking video. On the computer, the video looks how it does on youtube(if unedited).The most annoying thing you can do during video is zoom. The noise it makes is just terrible. It sounds like a dying cat trying to screech. But the auto-focus does look nice. Another thing that I don't like about this camera is the feel of it. It feels like a strong plastic bottle. It makes me disgusted, but it's just something you have to get over. Last of the cons, there is no optical viewfinder. This is a huge factor of buying a camera, because I grew up using optical viewfinders, and not using one makes me more shaky while taking pictures, and makes me uncomfortablebut this is also just something else you have to get over So, to sum it all up, this camera is worth the money you pay for it. It takes clear picture on full zoom if your willing to be patient, the video is exceptional, the auto picture is very, very nice, the manual photos are also very nice, and the camera is light. Overall, I would most definitely recommend this camera to a friend! Update on 10/06/2012: I've been getting into bird photography in the morning the past few days, and the photos are excellent! The average shutter speed was 1/30 with iso on 200, and the pictures were better than I'd expect. It's clear that the birds are birds and not trash, the pictures aren't blurry at all, and even for birds from 20-30 feet away, it seemed they were only 5 feet away! Another point for Nikon! Update on 10/10/2012: Because of my great experience with this camera at home, I decided to entrust it with a 3-day vacation to Sedona. I've never been more happy with a photo in my life! My hands are not of the most stable, but this camera handled my shaky hands amazingly at full zoom on small wildlife like nothing. I got pictures of Golfers 30-50 feet with the support of a circular bar and my hands, stunning professional-like photos of my parents and the family, very memorable photos of Tuzigoot and Slide Rock, and exceptional video quality(with the exception of the zoom while videotaping). This camera highly surpassed my expectations of it's use, and I can say I'd be very proud to use it in almost any situation. Thank you Nikon!
camera|I picked this up for 157.00 which included a free 16GB flash card. The camera also comes with a strap and a lens cap.Oh yea, no sales tax and free two day shipping with prime.I love Amazon!
camera|I am really enjoying this camera. It is REALLY important to read the manual, especially the references to focus and scene settings. You may be disappointed if you think that easy auto mode will do everything this gem from Nikon is capable of. I'm still learning. If you are willing to do some reading and take some notes, you will be quite pleased!
camera|Blurry pictures and a long lag time. I read the manual. Not a great camera for snapping pictures spontaneous or candid pictures like at a party or an event. I'm returning it and checing out the Cannon Elph. I need a family friendly camera. Not looking for pretend SLR
camera|This camera was something that I was dying to get. I've had a very old, 8 year old in fact, Coolpix camera that still works but it's so old that I hate using it. The time in between taking one picture and the next if you need the flash is horrendous. So I finally went on the search to revamp my camera owning. And I found the Nikon Coolpix L810.I have to admit what I really wanted was something close enough to a professional photographers camera. I take pictures everywhere I go. Especially with my son. I also don't buy photographer pictures, I tend to do them myself and they always turn out really well. But I wanted a camera that could take that even further. When I read that this camera could take pictures that were professional grade I was pretty sold. Not to mention that it came in colors. I love color choices! It just makes everything a little bit more fun.Upon recieving it, I read the manual and figured out how to use it. It takes a little time to figure out exactly how to. Because you don't just go clicking away like most cameras. You hold the capture button half way down. There is a small square on the screen that will turn green when your camera is properly focused. That is when you press the capture button down completely to capture a picture that is not blurred. You can 'snap snap' but sometimes you will get blurry pictures because the camera takes pictures so fast if you don't focus you will get blur.It doesn't have any problems with the lens cap. If you forget to take it off a message on the screen informs you to turn off your camera, take the lens cap off, and try again. Which was nice because I have heard of people ruining their motor because they left their lens cap on. There are two places to zoom on the camera depending on how you hold it. On the top and on the side, which is really handy. It does take video though I haven't tried that yet.I was also worried about the size of the pictures. How much room they would take up on a memory card. I bought a 16GB card and haven't had to stop taking pictures yet. In fact, I went to the zoo took over 80 pictures and still only came to 300mb. So I am extremely pleased with that as well. I have already recommended it to a friend that is interested in a nicer camera.Definatly worth the purchase.
camera|True story: Had my heart set on the Nikon D3100, but I couldn't bring myself to pay that much for it. Rewind to my son's 8th grade graduation in May. I didn't have a camera at the time so I was using my cell phone which ran out of batteries by the time the graduation procession started. I was devastated. FORTUNATELY a good friend whose son was also graduating was sitting right behind me and she had a gorgeous professional looking camera. She offered to take pics of our son for me. When she emailed them to me the next day, her pictures were amazing! The zoom, picture color and clarity was so unbelievable! I HAD to know what the name of her camera was. She said a "Nikon Coolpix L810". I quickly looked it up online and found it cheapest on Amazon. I ordered it on a Friday and got it on Monday! I'm in LOVE with this camera. I've been practicing taking photos with it outside my work during breaks and the pictures are just beautiful, the zoom is AMAZING. Now, it's definitely not a quick point and shoot camera. You should ABSOLUTELY read the focus instructions VERY carefully before you use this otherwise your pictures come out blurry. BUT that's not a camera issue, it's a "you're not focusing the camera correctly" issue. Lol. You need to press the button down only halfway to allow the camera to focus first, once the focus light turns green, THEN press it all the way down. Tricky at first but gets easy after about 5 pics. So take your time practicing with the focus and getting to know all its shooting modes and features before you try to use it for special occasions like graduations, weddings, vacations...etc. After you get used to it, you will be in love with it. The price for the quality of this camera is outstanding. Love the size of it too. Big enough to be taken seriously, but small enough to fit in a purse or bag for travel. Not heavy, but just enough weight to it to give that quality feel. It's perfect!Comes with: Strap, four AA batteries, USB cable, audio video cable, lens cap and software CD-ROM. Didn't come with a carrying case but no biggie, found one on ebay for about $6 w/free shipping (Ebay item #380422196943)
camera|Okay first of all i love the 26x zoom and second i love the 16.1 mp. I recently went to the zoo and took pictures that were making professional photographers mad because of the clarity and at full zoom. Side by side comparison told me i did the right thing in purchasing this camera. And for those of you that think somethings wrong with the camera just spend some time using all the different scenes and adjustment's this camera has. one more thing i really liked was the ability to just push the video button to record video instead of having to change modes...and it doesn't matter what size sd card you have it will only record 29 min at a time, you can record multiple 29 min video's.... take it as you will.
camera|I was very happy to see this camera finally come out. I have been using it for about a month now and I am very happy. I read a review about the images being out of focus and I simply took the picture again with the flash on or with the camera on a different setting. The application that comes with the camera let you view the pictures with great clarity. I bought and would suggest the following 2 items to go along with the camera:Nikon CoolPix L810 HDMI Cable - HD Video Cable for Nikon CoolPix L810, which lets me hook up to my tv in HDMI or even my computer through HDMI.andEnergizer CHP4WB4 Recharge Smart AA/AAA Charger with 4 AA NiMH Batteries, along with n extra 4 pack.Bottom line is I really enjoy this camera.
camera|A great camera. Sort of midway between a point and shoot and a standard SLR but much much lighter in weight. I was able, while sitting at a ballgame, to get closeups of players in action. Even caught a ball in motion once. A tripod allowed me to shoot Venus clearly. I have another Coolpix and understand the focusing. This is light, easy to hold, the controls are so much easier than my older Coolpix, and the shots are just great. I've had a great time playing with it. It's not a simple point and shoot however, you have to know something about cameras or take the time to really learn how this one works.
camera|This is a fantastic camera for the money if you take a lot of stills. If you take a lot of actions shots, like kids in sports, etc.....don't get it. It's focus time and shutter speed are just too slow for action. Some of the other reviews saying all the pictures turned out blurry make me suspect they did not download the CD that came with it titled "Reference Manual". If you read through it, and practice for a few days adjusting ISO and white balance, you'll get fantastic photos. The physical paper manual in the box is really just a quick overview, and doesn't provide much help, but the downloadable manual really does. This is indeed a point & shoot camera, but a little fancier, so you will have to spend some time with it. Don't order this and expect to pull it out of the box and go on a trip the next day with it. You'll be disappointed. I've had it a few days now, and I still have lots more to learn. It is very comfortable to hold, great grip, and great screen on the back. I'll post an update after I've used it a bit, too.****Update 11-27-12******After using this a lot more, I have actually gotten really good action shots now too. It just takes some time to get used to and practice with. Brought this on a trip this past summer, great shots, and used it to take pictures of my kids' summer sports activities, all action, also with great results.
camera|So far, I have taken about 500 pictures with the original batteries. Can't wait to see how long rechargeables actually last. I reccomend that you play with the scene selections. The "obvious" choice may not be the best choice. For example, I got the best results taking pictures of flowers with the food setting. The sport setting is good for general picts. The portrait setting is good if you want a softened look to your subject matter. I have not had the best of luck with the landscape setting. I was able to get some rather good picts of the full moon using a tripod and the night landscape setting. Better moon picts from auto and color select black and white. Was able to get picts of my son kicking a football, and it did "stop" the ball mid air using the sports setting. The burst mode in the sports setting is adequate. I do reccommend using a class 10 memory card, though. Write time even with a class six was annoyingly slow.I will say that my outdated Fuji S700 was more fun to use since I could utilize shutter priority and aperature priority. I really enjoy the effects of tinkering with speed and depth in pictures. Still, I cannot argue with the sharpness of the images the L810 offers.
camera|Made in China(beware)!If you intend to buy this product you should read the 1 star reviews. There are a lot of them and a lot of people are saying the same thing. If you add on the 2 and 3 star reviews you will realize that this camera is a real lemon. I should have done that the first time and not made the mistake of buying this camera. Negatives are the camera's casing is made of abs plastic the same stuff a milk carton is, not the normal nylon that almost all cameras have now. The telephoto lags you have to be ahead of your pictures while taking the shot. I believe because it has 2 switches which creates a delay for the telephoto function and the shutter button is chrome painted over black I believe the thickness of the paint creates lag time making it harder to push down. A lot of my pictures are grainy in comparison to the pictures I've taken with my Pentax. The paint on the camera will chip or scratch very easily which Nikon will use this problem to void your warranty. No viewfinder makes it impossible to take pictures in bright sunlight. Also if I knew it was made in China I would not have bought it either I thought Nikon was made in Japan!Please excuse all the post my review has seemed to attract a nut case and hopefully his comments will not appear as the ignore button has been pushed and Amazon told me his comments should not be posted for viewing. There are some actual good comments on here from people who are actually trying to help each other. After doing research this is why I think Nikon now sells such cheaply made products. Nikon was purchased by Mitsubishi a couple of years ago and that company is controlling production.Nikon no longer makes any part of their camera in Japan. A majority of the camera's are now made in China and all of the optic's ( Nikkor lens ) are made in China. Which would explain why my camera lasted 3 months. Also I'm keeping the rest of my review to give you the horror story I went through with Nikon USA customer service and consumer relations department. Ironic they call it Nikon USA because no part of the camera's are made here either. All I can say is good luck getting them to fix or actually repair anything! If you send it to them be prepared to be lied too, that is all they did to me!I originally gave this a good review, but I can no longer do that due to the fact Nikon does not stand behind their warranty. I purchased this camera 6 months ago and only used it for about 3 months. The first snowfall I took the camera to the park and took several pictures and then the camera powered off stating " remove lens cap cover " I had that off an repowered the camera and it took about 2 more pictures and then quit. After I got home I tried new batteries and nothing and I also let the camera warm to room temperature and nothing again. I contacted Nikon customer service they told me to send it to their repair facility. I did and recieved and invoice for no charge to repair the camera as it was under warranty. About 2 weeks later I recieved the camera with an invoice stating " camera unrepairable due to impact damage not economical to repair " I contacted Nikon customer service and they said there was nothing they could do. I asked for a supervisor and he said he would try to come up with an answer for me. I explained to him the camera quit working while I was taking pictures and there was no impact. If Nikon can't fix it they should replace it. He did not sound positive about anything being done, in fact they sent me a e-mail stating severe impact damage. What a bunch of bs as the camera looks brand new! More or less they have this camera made in China very cheaply and if it breaks it's on you! I've had camera's for 30 years and never had to send one back until now and Nikon doen't stand behind their products.I also have a friend who is an evidence tech at a police department and thier Nikon dslr did the same thing Nikon told them it was impact damage and they were out a camera too. Nikon should be ashamed of selling cheaply made products from china and not standing behind their products. Well this is what happens when a company from Japan sells products made in China to us here in the US....agghhh!
camera|I "upgraded" to the L810 from the prior model and am not overly happy with that.Pros----* the zoom is amazing* the picture resolution is great as well.Cons----* the lag time taking a picture, especially when inside or in lower light areas, is absolutely not acceptable and reminds me of cameras I used 10 years ago.* saving an image (to a Class 10 SD card), takes way too long.* the lack of a manual focus makes it really painful as it constantly adjusts and the chance of getting out of focus pictures is pretty good.* the focus problem is the same (actually way worse...) when taking videos. I filmed at my daughters graduation and 90% of the video is out of focus. Despite setting the camera to "continuous auto focus" mode.* the USB connector cable is yet another "standard" size that nobody is using and that nobody has cables for. There is ZERO value in not staying with the established cable concepts besides them selling a few cables...bottom line-----------Try to borrow one before you buy it and check if the above mentioned issues bother you (as much as they bother me...). If not, it is a nice camera, not too heavy with some decent features. It even makes nice pictures if they are in focus.I personally would not buy it again.
camera|This camera is amazing. I recently went to a Pittsburgh Penguins game and was blown away by the quality of the pictures. I took a pro quality picture of the goal from the other size of the arena and I can see his eyes its so clear and crisp. Totally worth the price. One must figure out how to use it by experimenting. The pictures will be blurry if u don't. This camera is not a simple point and shoot.
camera|After reviewing several cameras, I found that all reviews are the same except for the model numbers. Who is writing this falsehood? and how are we to believe anything that is being said about any of your products? Please correct this problem. I will not go by any reviews in the future as they are all false. Nikon COOLPIX L810 16.1 MP Digital Camera with 26x Zoom NIKKOR ED Glass Lens and 3-inch LCD (Black)alse.
camera|Okay, when you buy this camera, be aware that you are buying the name Nikon, but not the Nikon quality. This camera's bell-and-whistle is the 26x zoom. It has HORRIBLE low-light and the entire camera just feels light-weight and more like an obligation than an actual product.I recommend either going the extra step and getting one of the Nikon entry-level/professional cameras or selecting a different model in this range. This camera is simply not worth it.
camera|I turned the camera on 3 times and now it will not work. I haven't put a memory card in it yet! I went and bought new batteries and still it keeps telling me to remove the lens cover. I needed this camera to take pictures at my daughters play. I paid extra to get it next day. I am so disappointed!5/8/2012 I got a replacement camera and it is working great!!! So far I love it! Now it deserves 5 stars!
camera|I bought this camera as my son is graduating this year. I used it for his senior prom pictures, which turned out okay but not great. This past week I tried to use it for an indoor chorus concert, which it sucked for. I have had this for a month and so far am not impressed at all. Really hoping that it takes some decent pictures for his high school graduation- it has let me down so far !
camera|I just got this camera for my 50th birthday. I was so excited to get it until I actually got it up and running. First off the computer software included would not download kept getting a tiny screen that says press next but no next was seen on the screen could not make the pop up larger so that ticked me off right off the get go. The memory card goes in with the batteries??? Its hard to open and close correctly stupid. The 4 batteries it takes makes the camera heavy. The flash has to be popped up manually and then you have to push a button each time for the flash to actually work. All my photos came out like crap. Tried different settings, increased the light still pictures looked horrible. This camera is going back. I'll stick to my 10 year old kodak which doesn't take the best photos anymore but it's a 100 times easier to operate,lighter and it has a docking station. Very disappointed with this camera.
camera|i want to know, why don't you send me the item? i have paid it 2 day ago. why? i need a answer
camera|Just bought this camera so I'm still learning everything it does. So far I am pleased. My kodak 6490 is 9 yrs old so it was time to upgrade. The nikon 810 zoom is quite good. I wanted the 510 but didnt want to pay that much. One thing i love is the smart smile thing, when the camera detects a smile (with teeth showing) it automatically takes the picture. I can hold in one hand and tickle the kids with the other hand and my camera will take the picture!!!! Pretty cool.
camera|Very good camera, easy to use. The only problem is in scenarios with movement without a good light, like in my children play. I fixed that using the video function instead of pictures.
camera|This is an AWESOME camera for the $$$ paid. You Can't go wrong for a point & shoot digital camera. BUY IT !
camera|My son was very pleased with this camera. It is not sophisticated but does a nice job! Will purchase another for my daughter.
camera|Nikon arrived. I left on vacation without instructions and it performed despite me! The pictures are beautiful. Yea, Nikon for a good product!
camera|La camara es semi-profesional, graba a 720p y la calidad de las fotos es buenisima. Lo malo es que hay que comprar baterias recargables (4 AA), de resto la mejor camara que he comprado.
camera|MUY BUENA CAMARA TIENE VARIAS FUNCIONES DE OTROS MODELOS LA RECOMIENDO Y ES PRACTICA EN LAS FUNCIONES Y EN PRECIO
camera|I was simply looking for a camera to take good photographs and maybe even try my hand at some professional photography in the near future. This camera is a great product to start with. it does not shoot in RAW but the image quality is just as great to work with.The learning curve is pretty low, which is a good thing, there are many preset features for different shooting situations, from all-purpose shots to sports to fireworks/night shots. As I mentioned the fireworks mode, it would be good for me to note on this particular setting the camera's shutter speed is at its max of 4 seconds. I make mention of this because I know some folks may want to try their hands at light painting. Four seconds is more than enough to get a word or 2 in and with enough practice and experience you will be creating perfect light painted images each time. It must also be noted that for optimum performance natural daylight is the best time to take photographs with this camera, the images are shot at its best, crisp and clear.What I like the most is the ability to get just the right amount DOF needed for commercial product photography. Once you have proper lighting and a tripod or anything that will keep your camera steady, most if not all your shots will be near perfect.For what it's worth, the 720p recording works fine. My only gripe with it, is that the autofocus does not work on items that are within 1-5cm of the lens. I guess I may need to try a macro lens and see if it would make a difference. Other than that, for general video recording it works just fine.All in all, for it's price and size the COOLPIX L810 is worth the buy. It will be the perfect gift for any budding photographer.
camera|This is a great camera for outdoor use. The large zoom lets you get really close, much closer than any camera I owned before. There are features on the camera I have not used yet..... and may never use. But still, it's nice to have them in case. I like this NIKON!
camera|One day after I received the camera the view finder gave a distorted view of whatever I was trying to take a picture of and would not focus. I ended up sending it back for a full refund thanks to it being purchased through Amazon.
camera|when I got this camera I think I was captivated by the name Nikon on it. It does a great job but takes a little bit of work to figure out. I hate when they put instructions on discs as half the time they never load up in your computer right. Fortunatel this wasn't my first rodeo with digital cameras and some of the lessons learned with other models work with this one too. Has a nice zoom and excelent lens. Wish it had a view finder as You might get some lcd washout in bright outdoor conditions though not as bad as others I have tried. Lots of scene modes to play with and though not a true point and shoot camrea You can probably make it work fine. Amazons price was as good as any I have seen A nice pick if you can get the manual to load right....that might be me....and takes nice picture like most Nikons do.
camera|This a good basic camera with nice zoom hove ever some response take while with this comers and if you try to record movie with it will record the sound of the zoom.Please make sure when you buying this remember this is fully automatic camera so your input is minimal .
camera|I bought this to replace the old Fuji fine pix .It has the same grip. which I like but the picture quality just did not stand up to my older fuji I returned it.
camera|This a great camera for a beginner who wants to take quality pictures and make quality movies. A very good camera for the price point.
camera|Finally a Nikon, I just love it. It takes great pictures and I am able to blow them up to poster size, GREAT.
camera|Is in super good condition. No scratches or any sign of damaged on it. Works perfectly. No complaints at all !!
camera|Great camera for the price. It had all the options in what we were looking for, not heavy or bulky.Easy to operate, I like the option of being able to take video's. We do a lot of trips on our motorcycle & have taken several video's while traveling.Dave H.
camera|Love this camera!!! Bought it right before my vacation and got to try it out on all sorts of things, love the zoom!! Took great pictures of the moon! The video is great, really like this product!
camera|Love this camera....wish the stabilization was better for action shots but other wise it is a perfect camera for in between the little point and shoot camera to the bigger professional cameras.
camera|I was leary about buying this for my wife for her birthday, as it is refurbished. Have not had any problems with it, looks brand new, and arrived in the factory box with all the factory packaging.
camera|I purchased this camera for a trip I was taking. The setup was really simple, and the camera is simple to use. I love all of the features it has. I feel like Nikon has made it simple to do everything with this product. It even comes with a lens cover and a lanyard. The only faults I found were the flash having to pop up to take photos with the flash, and the camera takes batteries. I would rather have a battery pack or an internal battery. I enjoy this camera though, and it was worth the money.
camera|It takes a lot of experimentation to get the sharpness expected from a Nikon camera, I have yet to get good results. This is my fourth digital camera, after many years of shooting film (35 & 120). My next try will be with a tripod w/o vibration minimizer, which may interfere with sharp focus. Mostly, I shoot outdoors (no flash) and some macro. No portrait yet, nor best of 10 mode or auto smile finder.
camera|We have had this camera for a couple weeks now and it works great! The only thing my wife complains about is that it is too heavy, but she is a small woman.
camera|is easy to use and it is really powerful, I love this camera. It have a simplify menu, a very nice resolution and an excellent zoom, the battery level is awesome, I have more than 3 days using this camera and I do not have the necessity to recharge the batteries, it is amazing
camera|I had concerns about this camera after reading reviews from photography sites. But with lots of features , a veryreasonable price,good looks & its a Nikon I decide to give it a try . I think it makes very good pictures and iseasy to use . You don't have to know much about cameras to take good pictures . Works good for taking up closepictures from a distance (school graduations,music concerts & vacation shots). I am very happy with this camera,itis the best camera I have ever owned.
camera|This camera offers a ton of value for a great price. We use it to take pictures of jobs it provides great resolution. The camera got here extremely fast as well.
camera|This is one of the best cameras I've owned. It takes great pictures in low light. It's easy to use, with very few buttons. It truly is a point and shoot. The delay between shots is about 3-5 seconds, which isn't bad. I like that it comes in colors--mine is cobalt blue. Battery life is good, even on the cheap batteries it came with. There's very little distortion in pictures unless the pics are a close up shot, which in that case, who cares anyway. Also, the price is very good for a camera of this quality. I highly recommend it.
camera|Really like this camera,smaller than the cannon sx40 and at almost half the price,the only thing that bugs me is the lens sticks in the out position every now and then and you have to turn on and wiggle the lens at the same time,also leaving the lens cover on and forgetting to take it off when you turn the camera on will get frustrating also but overall I really like it for the price,thanx big jack
camera|I wanted to get something a little better than the typical point and shoot that I've been getting my girlfriend over the past three years. After reviewing different cameras, this was the best choice: financially and creatively. She loves to take photographs of everything and loves this camera. We have been at concerts, sitting a little towards the back, but the photos she has taken feel like you're in the first few rows. I would recommend this camera to everyone who wants an affordable camera.
camera|Really nice camera. I like the many features it has and easy to select them. Its light weight. Nice zoom lenes, 40mm to 104mm. It does not eat batteries like my Canon. I would buy this camera for another person.
camera|muy bueno recomendado el producto yh me llego completo buena resol colr grabracion a a a a a a a
camera|This camera is great, I would use it for my Job, so I hope you can find something Excellent like I do
camera|I just love this camera and i got to say customer support is great if you e-mail them they answer right away the product came with all items mentioned in the description. This camera takes amazing shots. Im a photographer in the midium level i would say and this camera met my spectations. Love it and you will too.
camera|Maybe I should have read reviews from other sites on this camera before purchasing it at Amazon.I was really looking for a function that would allow me manually focus for that professional look - the "oomph factor". This camera did not provide that function. Also, it did not come with a carrying case.On the good side, it came with four batteries (non rechargeable) and it really does take good quality pictures - although I bet I could have done the same thing with another camera half its size. Delivery was also quick!
camera|This camera takes very good pictures on the automatic focus mode. I need more practice on adjustings the settings manually but it is fun to use.
camera|Excelente!.. Una producto que vale la pena invertir, para aquellas personas que quieran dar sus inicios en el mundo de la fotografia se las recomiendo 100%. El color es precioso y llamativo.
camera|Overall, fantastic, easy to learn to use, wide range of uses produce useable results. Will suggest this to friends and family
camera|The memory card and batteries are in the same location and it can be difficult to open the compartment and keep the batteries intact while putting the memory card in or out. The zoom is also a little slow to focus but overall it is a very nice camera.
camera|Sesveral months ago one of my children asked me to recommend a camera for her. I researched all the name brands available on the internet and did a comparison for the type of camera needed. I was so impressed with the Nikon I bought one for myself. Yes, this is just the camera I need. I have A large camera with telephoto lenses but after using the Nikon I find I really don't need the other camera much at all. The Nikon is very light weight and compact in comparison. I purchased the case for it with enough room to carry essentials so I don't need a purse when taking tours or visiting areas to photo. The resolution is good for enlarging and the zoom gives you flexibilty in an instant. In other words it is one of the best camera purchases you can make. With active Great Grandhchildren I am able to use the Movie Record function and capture not only their movements but their voices.I would certainly recommend the Nikon Coolpix L810. Great features and easy to use. The only function I would like it to include would be an adjustable moniter screen for overhead shots.
camera|At first glance seems to be great camera for the money. It's capable of taking excellent pictures, but they are few and far between. Has major focusing issues and 90 percent of pictures taken come out blurry. The 10 percent that are not blurry are very nice. My wife and I have taken at least 2000 pictures with this and have been so let down. Would not recommend this product to anyone.
camera|I wanted to upgrade from previous small digital cameras, and the main feature I wanted was the zoom. The camera does not disappoint, and is a good value. Sometimes it is a little slow to focus and shoot in low light conditions if it is on the automatic setting. There are lots of scene choices, though, and a good flash. The zoom, which is what I really wanted, is great. I'm very pleased with my purchase.
camera|This camera takes very clear and very beautiful pictures. I am very happy with the quality of the camera and how easy it is to use.
camera|the camera is easy to use, and es very light. every one can use this camera, the shop are great,the zoom is amamzing, is perfect to taske a photo in a land
camera|This is a very nice camera and for the price you can't beat it! Definitely would recommend! Easy to use!
camera|I love this camera...excellent picture quality...! Such a great product, I got it for a very modest price...The only drawback is the battery used in the camera..it is AA batteries instead of the square ones used in SLR that last longer
camera|Not the best camera on the market, but better than average for its price range. It has Good battery life too.
camera|I haven't tried the video feature yet. But for the most part, the photos all come out great. Low light is good, but sometimes it's a bit of a miss. It struggles to focus every so often. But for the price that I got it, I'm totally in love.Be forewarned, it does not come with a memory card. So don't expect to start taking photos right out of the box unless you buy one with it.
camera|great..nuff said, for the price you can't get a better camera that looks more expensive than it really is...buy it
camera|Bought for my friend ... he is gonna love ... thanks . . .. . . . . . . .
camera|I bought this as a replacement for my wife for her birthday. Great clarity and zoom features. Very easy to operate and has many extra functions that we are still learning how to use
camera|The Camera is OK, I like the zoom and shutter speed. What I dislike is that the camera doesn't have a way to join the pictures when you are taking panoramic photos.
camera|I think this might be better for the person who reads the instructions and/or is very camera-proficient. I had a friend who bought a camera about $50 cheaper than this (don't remember the brand or model) and its focus was much better than this camera. I probably could have looked into all the features and seen which settings to use for which situations, and looked into the auto-focus details, but I didn't. The auto-focus failed a lot and a decent amount of my photos came out blurry because it couldn't get into focus. But, I am just a camera-novice. If you're also a camera novice, you might want to go with a camera a little cheaper and simpler.
camera|It had problem with Preview screen. Whenever the cam is pointed near to a light source, it displays a pink line. It is very annoying and I believe that is defective cam. I have returned it, yet to get a refund.A perfect example is, point the camera on the road on a sunny day. When the cars move on the road, usually small amount of sun light reflects in many directions. If you are in one of that direction, then you would see a vertical pink line moving along with car (light source).Note that the pink line does not show up on the photos and rarely appears on the videos.
camera|el zomm es lo mejor de esta camara, LA CALIDAD DE LAS FOTOS SON MUY BUENAS. DEBERIAN TRATAR DE HACERLA MENOS PROFUNDA PARA FACILITAR EL MANEJO Y
camera|Is just the c&aacute;mara i wanted and need. Its a Great product, confortable easy to carried took amazing pintores and videos
camera|WOW, WHAT A GREAT PRODUCT. I LOVE ITS ZOOM IS FABULOUS. EASY TO USE. THE PRICE AND QUALITY GO RIGHT. I RECOMEND THIS CAMERA A LOT.
camera|I really love this product. Granted I've not had much time to learn all the functions of this camera. I have found that this camera takes beautiful pictures. I am not a camera expert, so just me being able to use it not have a big problem using it is a big plus! I would highly recommend this camera for anyone.
camera|This camera was a bargain. Honest. I liked the camera, and it worked well. I did not want to buy it, but my SO convinced me we needed one, so I got it. It is a great camera. The package deal was great, what with the memory card, and a pouch. Wow.
camera|Great camera for the price, I definitely am looking to buy something higher in quality, possibly the Nikon D5100 slr. But for everyday uses and fun shooting it is great! I just really want that boost of high quality that I am not getting with the 810.
camera|I got it and love the great picture quality and great video features. I have had a great time with this camera
camera|Love the camera. It totally meets the needs of my level of photography. Has a zoom lens, large display, and the pictures turn out perfectly.
camera|Haven't tested all the features yet, but love it so far. User friendly, great quality pics, great value. It's a great "point and shoot" camera!
camera|This camera has a lot of features and takes great photos. It holds nicely in your hand (if you're right-handed), has really good zoom, and takes great video as well (was surprised at how clear the audio was).
camera|Thanks I was looking for a nice and efficient digital camera. Nikon Coolpix L810 is just what I was looking for.Best regardsHugo Vergara
camera|It is a good camera with a lot of prefixes controls to take photos but there have not a manual mode.
camera|Camera is really nice. Shipping was extreamly fast. I found this camera very cool. Pictures is beautiful and sharpy. Zoom had extends my expactation. Everything is cool except of focusing. It's really slow. Also camera saving speed is quite slow. No matter if i bought a fast memory card it's stil saving slow. It's not a big problem, camera is stil nice.
camera|This is a wonderful camera! The pictures and videos come out sooo clear!!!! I love the ease of use too!
camera|Love, Love, Love this camera. I have had 2 digital cameras in the last 10 years. The first one my husband paid over 600.00 for. I was hooked on this camera. I bought the exact one on ebay a couple of years ago as a backup. I finally decided it was time for a new camera. I did some research and found this Nikon. Everything about it I love. The batteries are lasting forever. I use it for ebay sales, we took it on vacation and took over 100 pictures plus videos. The batteries still read strong.So that being said I have nothing at all bad to say about this camera......My daughter kept saying I want this...
camera|The camera arrived swiftly and I couldn't wait to get home the day it was delivered. I've had it for about a month now and it's been great! Definitely use the manual open flash in darker situations, but if you don't, it creates these neat surreal photos. So far, it is only a little wonky in the super bright daylight. It's just a bit washed out -- but all photos are. Great camera!
camera|Great Camera for the Zoom. Pictures look nice. Doesn't work well if you want to snap several pictures fast. Overall, simple to use.
camera|The NIKON L810 is very easy to use and takes what I think are very good pictures. The Zoom brings the subject very close and so far I'm very happy with this camera.
camera|I wanted to upgrade my old coolpix from 10 to 16MP. Wow... what a difference. This is by far the best quality camera I've ever owned. It takes amazing close ups (which i do a lot) and landscapes. This is not a great camera for action, bc sometimes you have to take the picture more than once. The video is decent quaility too! For the money, it is a great camera!
camera|Camera is a great value. It is easy to operate, and it takes great photos. The best part is that it uses AA batteries, so if they run out while you're on vacation you can buy replacements just about anywhere. The only complaint is that it must be held very still to get a clear shot, but it is a nice camera overall.
camera|A good choice for someone wanting an above average camera that isn't too expensive. Once you learn the settings (which are easy to understand and operate) you can get a lot out of it.
camera|Highly recommend this camera. Zoom is great, easy to use, pictures came out better than I thought. Just love it. It came in just as we were getting ready to go away on vacation for several weeks. Found that it was light enough to carry everywhere we went, pictures were quick enough to use at sporting events and finally worked just fine for portrait type shots as well.
camera|Bought this camera after seeing pictures taken by a friend who has one. This is 'da bomb' as far as picture clarity and detail and unbelievable zoom. Just follow the instructions that come with it for great pictures.
camera|I bought my husband this camera for Christmas and have not given it to him as yet. I received it ahead of time and it was just as advertised. I would recommend this camera to everyone.
camera|I just recieved this camera last week and from the time I took the camera out of the box i was very impressed. I've read alot of reviews and watched a few youtube videos and the only reason that i can see that this is a hard camera to use is that people don't want to read instructions to learn how to use the camera. Most camera (for example Kodak) don't give a manual. So the fact that Nikon gives you a manual and a cd is pretty good.The camera comes in 3 colors-red-black-blue.It's not heavy. It takes nice pics and it even reminds you to remove the lens cap.If you use the auto mode the camera does all the work. Finally this bridge camera-A cross between a professional camera and a point and shoot. This camera is nice for the price.
camera|This camera is great for what I need. I use it to take videos and pictures of my daughter and they come out great! This does not have detachable lenses but what I want is just great pictures and that's what this camera does. Very lightweight and small compared to my wife's cannon rebel xt. I would recommend this product but make sure you buy rechargeable batteries and a big SD card (preferably 32gb). Also a tripod if you dont already have one.
camera|Excelent price for this camera, every single picture is amazing using this camera. Great zoom, great pictures and compact. The LCD is really clear, remember to buy an SD card
camera|Awesome. It came just like it was supposed to. If you're looking for a nice, cheap alternative to a point & shoot this is your camera.
camera|Nice camera, cool picture full of color. I love this camera, is small enough and ligth perfect for really good not professinal pictures.
camera|This camera does everything I wanted and more. The zoom is perfect for those shots you can't get close to and the 16.1 MP makes the photo's look professionally done. Fun to use, light weight and because of the design it is very easy to hold onto and take pictures. Would definitely recommend this product to friends, it's also easy to use for beginners who like to experiment and play around.
camera|Great Camera, Very Easy to use, Only thing that would make it better is if it had a swivel display!
camera|Great camera, just what I needed when my old one die, good zoom and the color come out great, even my kids (9 yrs) know how to use it.
camera|I got this camera with a great deal and as all nikon cameras this one also take great photos I would really recommend this camera for any amateur photographer with a low amount of cash
camera|This camera is excellent! I got it as a graduation gift about 2 months ago and I am already taking great pictures and making memories! As a college student who will be studying abroad, this camera is ideal! It's a professional camera for non-professionals! It is so lightweight and the fact that it is battery operated makes it ideal for those always on the go! I would recommend this camera to anyone! The only down side to this camera is that I haven't figured out if you can change the shutter speed, because sometimes the camera takes it's time to snap the shot.
camera|Pro:Camera 16MP720P HD Record26x ZoomQuad Double AA batteries.Good looking for price.got it for $160 Bucks on Sale.Con:Fail Focus.Take picture really slow.Blur when zoom in and out.Pc to Camera cable too short.This camera could be really really good if the focus were good. like seriously worst focus than my Nokia phone :D.
camera|This camera is a complete P.O.S. Purchased it in July and went dead in August. Got 5 weeks of use out of it. I turn the power light on, it comes on for 3 seconds and powers down. Batteries are brand new. Won't even work when plugged into my laptop. I have heard good things about Nikon, but clearly this particular product is defective. Judging by the reviews here and messages on other sites, this is a common problem. I recommend you not buy this camera. There are so many good cameras out there. Sucks to flush $300 down the toilet. Do yourself a favor and do not make the same mistake I did.
camera|This is my first Coolpix camera and I have only taken a few shots with it so far but it seems to be in focus with every shot just as long as you follow the directions I do not anticipate any issues. The one thing that I do not like is that it does not come with a free editing software like the Fuji cameras do or I would have given it at least five stars.
camera|I have a problem now with my camera too.Did not use it too often. Lenses don't work and screen doesn't turn on (((( I bought it in July 2012. I regret of this purchase If someone wants a camera just for 6 month they can buy it.Not recommend it!!!! Just money waste.Even don't know now if I want them to repair it or replace, or just forget about itI wish if I had known about these cameras what i know now.My husband wants to sent it to manufacture to repair.I will update my review about results
camera|Very pleased with the purchase of this camera, I read a lot of reviews before deciding to get this specific one and am very happy that I did. The zoom is amazing! One thing I was looking for was a rechargeable battery, but after taking 150+ pictures with it I have not yet had to change the batteries. This camera is easy to use, make sure you read the manual. Happy Clicking A picuture is a Memory!
camera|My Wife is Sooo pleased with this camera and I couldnt be happier considering I bought a "used" L810 from Amazon and saved about $100. The camera was factory reconditioned and was, in my opinion, absolutely Brand New! Not a scratch on it and there was NO way to tell it had ever been owned before. The camera itself is very user-friendly with a ton of different "scene-modes". So if youre a point and shooter you have many different choices of pre-tuned settings for any lighting condition or setting imaginable. 16 megapixels produces very crisp pictures and should more than please any amateur or enthusiast and Nikon produces some of the best values on the market. Youll love the menu, the camcorder controls, the zoom, the audio when taking video and the feel and look of the camera. Its the perfect size and feels really good in my hands....not too big but alot better than a flat square point and shoot. We got the Red version which is a beautiful deep wine color that is better looking than any black camera we've ever owned, and I would totally recommend this color as people will notice it. Anyway, the camera is really great and the deal we got was incredible. Happy Shooting......
camera|I did quite a bit of shopping around before buying this camera. I couldn't be happier. It takes great pictures and is easy to use.
camera|I had never had a camera that worked so wonderfully! The picture/video quality is superb and it shipped faster than expected. Best camera owned!
camera|I have had this camera for almost a year now. I love the camera. Its easy to use and auto focus is easy to use as well. The clarity of the picture is excellent, however, I am not as happy with the picture qaulity in low light settings. You see a great deal of fuzz and the color is not great in low light settings. Also, it's difficult to get a good picture when you use full zoom. It's hand to stabalixe the camera so that the picutre is not blurry. I have noticed also that you sacrifice some color when you use the zoom. Overall, I give the camera a 4 out 5. Happy with the clarity of the pictures.
camera|I feel like a professional photographer when using my Nikon Coolpix L810, especially during the just concluded Carnival Season in Trinidad & Tobago. There are some features that I am still learning, but when i'm done, I will be looking to do an exhibition with my shots.
camera|I love this camera. takes great picture and simple to use.Just enough adjusting to take a great photo. You can take b-day photos and artsy photo, they come out great.
camera|I bought this camera for product photos, and the resolution is amazing. My pictures are so much cleaner than they were with the old camera I was using. I would certainly recommend reading the instruction manual, as this camera has a lot of features/settings that may be confusing at first.
camera|DO NOT BUY A NIKON CAMERA~!!!!!!!!!!!Got Nikon camera for Christmas. DH even bought extended warranty so I'd have a total of 3 yrs warranty.2nd time I tried to charge the camera the CHARGER BLEW UP.I do not know if it damaged the camera or not.I called Nikon and they said it sounded like a short in the USB cable/charger, so go buy another one and see if the camera works.They would NOT send me a replacement cable to check it out, even though they sold me a faulty one with the camera.Nikon will also NOT exchange the camera.I called the extended warranty and they would do nothing because it was still under manufacturer warranty.So here I am with a BRAND NEW NIKON camera and NO ONE WILL DO A BLASTED THING ABOUT IT~! But what I can do is to warn good people out there about the Nikon scam.
camera|I've had only one other digital camera before this one, which was so-so and more expensive. I love this one!! More zoom, easier to use, takes super pictures.
camera|Who doesn't love purchasing an item and expect to get what you pay for. But, what about those few occasions when you get so much more than you bargained for? Yes sir!!!... this is one of those few items I kept falling in love with the more I played with it.I have a Nikon SLR professional camera, outdated but a great one. This digital is the way to go when you just can't quite get the couple thousand bucks it takes to replace your SLR with a equal digital. Thus far I have loved every feature. The only thing I am getting used to is the auto zoom, but it does not play around too much, as many others do. And it does do a final zoom when you shoot. So no blurry pictures yet.I was fortunate to get this on sale before the xmas rush, but if had to pay regular price for it... I definitely would. Worth every penny.I must add... The instructions for set up are so simple a 6year old would be able to do it. So if you are a beginner, all you need to do is follow the step by step instructions and you'll be taking pictures within a half hour.
camera|My new camera is just as great as I had hoped it would be and I am so glad I bought it.
camera|Excellent!This is my second camera ... and the first is a compact 3X Zoom ...It's amazing how far reaching the optical gain has. This is the main point and greatest attribute.What I do not like is that you can not set long exposure shots, and you must wait a few seconds before looking at the pictures while the camera stores.Sure, this team is focused on other things like zoom.In general terms I recommend if you want to take pictures of distant objects.Then I'll upload the photos to be taken in my blog: fotosypaisajesdevenezuela.blogspot.com___________________________Excelente!Esta es mi segunda c&aacute;mara... y la primera es una compacta de 3X de Zoom...Es increible la distancia que alcanza el aumento optico que tiene. Este es su punto principal y mayor atributo.Lo que no me gusta es que no se pueden programar disparos de Larga Exposici&oacute;n, y que se deben esperar unos segundos antes de revisar las fotos mientras la c&aacute;mara las almacena.Claro, este equipo est&aacute; enfocado en otros elementos como el zoom.En lineas generales la recomiendo si quieres tomar fotos de objetos alejados.Luego subir&eacute; las fotos que vaya tomando en mi blog: fotosypaisajesdevenezuela.blogspot.com
camera|I received my camera on time and it was exactly what I ordered, I tried it out right away and liked it. am happy with thepurchase.
camera|Fotos n&iacute;tidas, muy f&aacute;cil de usar y la pude configurar en mi idioma en espa&ntilde;ol. Excelente calidad y por el costo creo es bastante razonable. Saludos desde Ecuador
camera|I bought this for my wife and she absolutely LOVES it! Well worth the money! She has gotten some great shots using it. Even action shot at soccer games and such! Great camera for the intermediate photographer!
camera|We got this after havnig a digital camera that finally gave up after 10 years. This takes really good pictures but we have had to send it into Nikon for repair for it not focusing properly and it kept giving an error message. It was still under warranty so they are taking care of it.
camera|muchas cosas buenas que decir de la nikkonexcelente mterialmuy buen zoomcalida en las imagenes y el 3D esta muy bien lgradoexcelente
camera|This is the camera I was locking for many years. something between a pocket and a pro. the 26x zoom is great
camera|When I bought this one, I really loved it because was so cheap. I bought at black Friday. And they sent me on time, but I didnt see when I bought, that the camera uses 4 alkaline baterry. But it's ok, that is my fault, not their fault. But the camera is good.
camera|Camera was a big disappointment.. in almost every way..unacceptable ...will certainly return. Reasons: very slow focus, veryslow shutter speed, blurry pictures, (even though it says that it is focused) Primary use is to use when photographingchildren. For this purpose it is especialy unacceptable..very little about camera can be said to live up to advertising andpromo given for camera.
camera|I will never consider buying another Nikon product after owning this camera. There is not even ONE picture I have in the last 6 months that was truly in focus.I HAVE read the manual as others have so snobbishly implied. I make my living in medical imaging and I am used to complicated glitchy imaging and making adjustments for image quality....but this camera frustrates me. I have sent it in for repairs twice now(in 6 mos.) The first time because the focus motor ground to a halt, and the second time because it would not focus--it just kept trying to focus and never would expose. Nikon service sent it back to me explaining they could not find anything wrong with the camera and took "hundreds" of pictures without a problem. Evidently they were not trying to photograph a wiggly grandchild's first birthday, or possibly they don't care that the camera does not focus correctly--even when the lighting is good. Other reviewers have suggested playing with the cameras features to get good pics, but I disagree--it should work perfect right out of the box for the kind of money I shucked out for this thing. I know what operator error looks like and this camera software is just plain poorly designed. A family member owns a Nikon Coolpix L18 with 3x zoom that takes wonderful pictures compared to the L810--save your money and buy a cheaper camera if you care about ease of use and image quality.
camera|I bought this camera looking to upgrade. I wanted a camera with very good to good zoom pictures. Unfortunately, this camera was not up to task. I didn't thoroughly play with all the features because I returned it the next day. Instead, I bought a Canon PowerShot SX210IS and am very happy with that.
camera|muy buen producto tal como se muestra en la publicaci&oacute;n excelentes prestaciones de la camara llego en perfectas condiciones a mi pais ecuador. transaccion rapida y segura muy buen producto. Gracias
camera|I'm Happy with my camera, it seems to fit my needs, I'm not a professional photographer, but i love to take pictures
camera|Muy recomendado la camara funciona perfectamente. Las fotos salen increibles y el video tambien con muy buena calidad. la entrega fue a tiempo.
camera|My son spilled gatoraid on my old camera and I have had this one on my wish list for 2 years waiting on the price to drop. I was so happy to see it finally was affordable for me and I purchased it last week. I got it in 2 days with the amazon prime free shipping. Love, Love, Love this camera. super good quality. I set the picture quality on vivid colors and BAM! Awesome pictures! I haven't used the video mode yet but I am already super satified with this camera and it was well worth the wait! Highly recommend it for the amature photographer. I wanted something easy to use that I could capture treasured memories of our kids and it goes above and beyond my expectations. Also purchased the Square Trade Insurance for two years. I am very satified with the insurance, I have it on my Kindle Fire and had to use it once and it was awesome as well.
camera|B day gift for my wife she loves it.. she loves to take pics and this camera takes great photos and its easy to use.. just so you know the manuel that comes with it dosn't explain much.. download the manuel online it gives you way more info..
camera|first one shipped quit working after a week. got a replacement promptly. works fine. the zoom is impressive but hard to hold for a steady zoom pic without a tripod. good price. similar comments to what i saw online.
camera|This product is cheap and I wish I bought a better product.the pictures are shaky and not clear.DO NOT ROCOMMEND IT
camera|I ordered the Nikon COOLPIX L810 and the camera was shipped in two days as promised. However, the outside packaging had no sign of any damage to the package, but my dismay, when I opened the box, the actual camera box was severely crushed on one corner. Additionally, the box was not sealed, the contents inside looked like someone has gone through the box and the camera was not neatly wrapped in it's usual bag if you will. This camera was intended as Christmas present and there was no way I was going to give that to someone as a gift. I decided to get a replacement, and a expected it's very easy to do this with Amazon, but the new dates for another camera was Dec 12-26th. I had no choice but to cancel the order. Not Happy! :(
camera|the best camera that my hands have ever touch and easy to use.la mejor camara que e tenido en mis manos, y muy simple para usarse sin tener que ajustar...
camera|es una gran camara saca buenas fotos y lo mejor las baterias tienen buen rendimiento tremendo zoon de gran alcance sacando las fotos igual de buen calidad. la recomiendo.
camera|Shutter button keeps getting stuck. Also quality of pictures aren't great. Many of pics seem blurry. I am sending back.
camera|&Eacute; UMA CMERA MUITO F&Aacute;CIL DE UTILIZAR , VERS&Aacute;TIL , ATENDEU AS MINHAS EXPECTATIVAS.COM UMA EXCELENTE DIFINIO DE IMAGENS.
camera|buen producto, llego en buen tiempo y condicionesbuen producto, llego en buen tiempo y condicionesbuen producto, llego en buen tiempo y condiciones
camera|I love the way this Camera works.Grate pictures..And the color of the Camera is grate .I have gotten grate revues on pictures I took of the west Oregon Cost .And it was overcast the day that I used this camera and grate out come.
camera|I received my Nikon Coolpix L810 about a month ago, and am enjoying using it. I have had no problems so far, and don't anticipate any. It's easy to use, and I'm having fun experimenting with the settings. Love the red color, too!
camera|(I got this camera from Walmart yesterday morning and took maybe 50 pictures with the four batteries that for better indoor pictures. came in the box. Today at around 1pm after taking maybe ten pictures the batteries were dead and the camera turned off! I have never had batteries die so fast,so really going that the batteries in the box had been sitting for awhile... this is a very simple camera, and wishing the Canon powershot sx40 HS hadn't given up after first turning it on with the lens cap still on... no msg saying take lens cap off,just quit working so took it back to exchange for a Samsung wb150for, but that camera didn't have a battery charger, had to plug it into the wall to charge it. So far I'm happy with the L810 except battery life. Sorry to ramble. Okay, I have had this camera for more than two weeks, and I have read reviews about playing with the different scenes like using smart portrait setting for better indoor pics. The new batteries I put in lasted about 350+ pictures :-) if the batteries are getting low the camera will have a harder time focusing or even zooming in, but anything with low batteries will most likely slow down, even your car. Give this camera a chance and read reviews and also read the manual even if you think you know cameras)********* WELL,i now only use my panasonic lumix sz8 99 percent of the time except for indoor pics which turn out wonderful with this Nikon camera(for me at least). it is so much quicker and easier to use the panasonic and it is way smaller and focuses ALOT better and faster. kinda mad i didn't just get a replacement for my panasonic from the beginning,but by the time i figured that out it had been more than a few months and couldn't return the Nikon, boooooo
camera|My camera doesn't work! 7 weeks is all I got out of it. I purchased it, printed and read the manual and practiced with it for 4 weeks, taking about 200 or so pictures -- my first trip out with the camera was to Venice, Italy - two days into shooting there, the camera started acting up. I would remove the lens cap, turn the system on (as instructed) and it would take one picture, then I would take a second using the zoom in/out and suddenly it would say, "please remove the lens cap then turn on the camera." The cap was off and the camera was on -- I had just taken a picture! I turned the system on/off a number of time, checked the batteries, all kinds of troubleshooting checks, and it still works, or shall I say, doesn't work.....allowing me to take one picture (as long as I don't zoom in/out, then gives me the "remove the cap...." message. I read the reviews and those these was not my first choice, I decided to go with a big name brand rather than the Fuji camera which was my first choice. I am VERY DISAPPOINTED -- and because it exceeded Amazons 30 day return policy I can't do anything about it. Makes we not want to use on-line ordering anymore. If I had bought it at a local store I could have at least exchanged it -- Amazon tells me I can only get a partial refund, and won't even say how much!POOOOOH on you Nikon and your too AMAZON.Nikon COOLPIX L810 16.1 MP Digital Camera with 26x Zoom NIKKOR ED Glass Lens and 3-inch LCD (Black)
camera|The camera is a loser. The delay between snap and capture is rediculously long; the viewing screen is useless in the sun. THIS CAMERA SHOULD BE DELEGATED TO THE NIKON HALL OF SHAME.
camera|This was a gift for my son and he seems to like it. I really have nothing more to say.
camera|I purchased this for a trip to Brazil - it arrived on time and in perfect condition. However, the camera only takes photos SOMETIMES! Co
camera|I bought a Nikon Coolpix L810 in June of 2012. It worked fantastic - pictures were great! I don't take a lot of photographs, and I let it sit for a couple of months. Then at Christmas I took it to my daughter's house for family celebration. Took two pix and the camera stopped working, said batteries were dead. Lens was out 1/2 way and lights went out. I didn't have batteries with, as the ones in the camera weren't that old. Fortunately I had my iPhone so I was able to get a few family pix.When I returned home I replaced the batteries with new ones but it wouldn't work.Took the camera back to where I bought it. Service guy looked it over, said there obviously was no damage to the camera and sent it in to be fixed on Jan 20, 2013. I got it back a week later. I opened it, put everything back on and tried it. Worked great! Put it back in the camera bag.Today, one week later, I took the camera out of the bag to take a pic of the dog covered in snow. I was in the house so the camera was not cold. Batteries were dead again. I put brand new ones in and it wouldn't work - same as before, lens 1/2 out and lights go out. I took the batteries out and checked them and they are fine. Batteries are in correctly, because it did the same thing it did before - the lens came out 1/2 way and the light died.Based on other negative reviews I would say DO NOT BUY THIS CAMERA!!! If I could give it zero stars or NEGATIVE stars, I would do so!I had a first generation digital Olympus that I replaced only because I couldn't buy the cards for it anymore. Got the Nikon based on reviews, and the 26X Zoom. So disappointed!! I will NEVER buy a Nikon product again, not even if Paul Simon himself sold it to me for $1 along with Kodachrome film!
camera|although it has 26x , but it is not a high solution camera. Not even compatible to my iphone 4s.
camera|All pictures were blurry and it took 3 times of pressing the on/off button for the camera to finally turn on. The zoom was also not functional and the camera frooze, forcing me to turn off the camera and struggle to turn it back on again.
camera|This was an absolutely awesome present for the wife this past Christmas. She loves it and it is an awesome deal. I would buy one for myself if Obama wasn't taking all my money.
camera|Finally have a camera that's fancy and easy to use!I would recommend to family and friends.Thank you Honey!
camera|I gave this camera to my daughter for Christmas and it is the one she wanted. She's very pleased and the red is so pretty!
camera|Llego justo a el d&iacute;a indicado, de las mismas caracter&iacute;sticas solicitadas, con todos los componentes completos, en excelentes condiciones, la informaci&oacute;n del ID dada para el seguimiento fue completa y hasta el aviso de haber arribado al punto de entrega.
camera|This is easy to use, although some of the features are tough to find on the menu.The quality is great and it is very easy to use.Great on battery life, but not so great w/shutter speed.Even on the sports setting, the camera seems a little sluggish.
camera|I've taken pictures inside and outside and they came out looking so wonderful! I an looking forward to taking more.
camera|So far, I like this camera. However, I will say that I miss my Nikon Coolpix that was a touch screen. I believe once I continue to use and learn the in/outs of this camera, the pictures will definitely be better than my last Nikon. The pictures that I have taken thus far are not bad but I kind of expected more since this camera has more zoom options than my last camera.In due time, I will get the hang of it.
camera|IT JUST CAME IN ORDERED IT LIKE 3 DAYS AGO AND ITS HERE !!! ** FAST SHIPPING ** I HAVE BEEN PLAYING WITH THE CAMERA AND WOW ITS AMAZING , I AM JUST SO HAPPY WITH MY PURCHASE , PICTURES LOOK SO PROFESSIONAL! I AM IN LOVE WITH THIS CAMERA !!!THANK YOU SO MUCH :)
camera|I'm still not 100% sure as to what I think of the camera. 95% of the photos turn out great, but some of the photos taken even with the tripod under very calm conditions came out blurry. Half of the night photos came out great and the other half came out blurry while using a very sturdy tripod and calm conditions. The videos are ok, but the camera is constantly focusing causing some blurry videos and the setting's on the camera are simple. I may be doing somthing wrong but like I previously stated all the setting's are easy to understand so this review may be upgraded or downgraded at a later date.
camera|Details of photos are fantastic, camera is very easy to use and comfortable to hold and shoot.The videos are also easy to shoot and record.
camera|i bought the blue camera for a great price, and it is a great product...it takes beautiful pictures and videos..
camera|Got it on time. Nicely packed. Totally satisfied. Give five star rating for this product. Looking for more of similar purchases
camera|Bot this for Dad last week. Blue color.and bot for myself AW100 for water sports.Two Nikons in one day.(quick background: I have used many Canons, Pentaxes, SONYs and Pana/Lumixes in the past.I used to develop my own black and whites, my first Camera was Canon Elan, an SLR.)These two are the first Nikons i got. Knowing it's a big brand, i fully expected excellent performance. WRONG.AW100 is okay. yet to take it to water, but it takes good dry pictures.L810 Blue is a nightmare. The focus is obviously defective. Not sure whether it's faulty at design level, or at manufacturing, or just my unit. It seldom focuses well on the first try. If you do get lucky and nail a real nice clear image in the LCD, as you push the shutter-button down to take the picture, the dam* thing will RE-focus again and almost surely take a fuzzy, bad picture.If anybody thinks I need to study the MANUAL to learn to set something "right" to make the best use of this camera, i must disagree. this is a point and shoot camera. It should come with the correct default setting. besides, this auto-focus behavior really should not happen under any setting.Most likely returning the L810.
camera|First off, I love the Blue. It is very pretty. Many compliments on the looks. It is heavier than my other cameras so that was a little harder to get used too. It does come with a neck strap, but after a while it starts to get uncomfortable, so I usually carry it with the strap wrapped around my wrist so I don't drop it. So far, that has worked out well.Performance: Takes great close up pictures. Very clear and crisp. I have the settings on maximum. (16MP 'Star', vivid color) Not unhappy with that at all. The 26X Zoom is a good feature too. I am able to get 'closer' to the subject than my old 10x zoom Nikon. Very easy to use, once you get used to it. Many 'preset' options available. Menu comes up quickly without a huge delay. And, I have been able to take better shots than I have in the past (with my other cameras) so that is a big plus. For a 'point and shoot' it is pretty good.Drawbacks that I have noticed so far: select a scene has a lot of different setting for a variety of situations, that is a good thing. However, "Indoor Party" is not good. I wish I would have used something else. Lost some moments there that I will never get back. Word of advice, practice with some of the other settings BEFORE that big event. Also, it does not 'snap' pictures as quickly as I had hoped (although much faster than my other camera). It has a setting for rapid sucession, BSS, which I like, but it just doesn't get it done quite up to my expectations. Action shots have been blurry. In all fairness though, I have not experimented with the sports setting in the select a scene section so that could be 'my bad'.Overall: I like this camera. It has a lot to offer. Good solid performance for a Point and Shoot. Affordable. I suggest using rechargable batteries. Carry spares. It has a battery life icon but do not believe it. It goes from showing a full charge to 'battery exhausted' in one picture. I think with practice, one could really get some good shots out of this camera. There are a lot of settings to experiment with, including white balance and ISO settings if you would like to get away from the manual presets. If not, Smart scene and Select a scene has a lot of 'preset' options to choose from.All and all, though I am not thrilled, yet, I am not unhappy and I am really motivated to make this camera work for me.
camera|This it was a good election, I received on time and it is a excellent Camera, I am glad for that and enjoying. The resolution is very good, unbealivebable considereding that it is not profesional...definitly I recomend it.
camera|Love this camera the quality of the pictures are amazing. All my friends have bought one so far is hilarious. Definitely worth it!
camera|I'm just an user, not an specialist taking picture, but I can say that I'm so happy with the camera and its zoom. I'm just starting using it.
camera|This is the best camera I have ever owned. I love it. Takes great pictures and the zoom is awesome. I would reccommend this to everyone.
camera|This camera was amazing , i hesitateed to buy it but i just went for it and i want all of you who are undecicive on which you should get it or not to just go for it . It is lightweight has great hd quality and the focus is nice once you get the hang of it , which is what i found most people complaining about . Although it doesnt have the most exaggerated focus but it focuses and comes out professionally . and for the price ? , what a deal . And my mother thought this was a $600 camera , well its just amazing go ahead and try yourself ! (:
camera|I don't believe this camera can be beat for the money. Excellent features, easy to use, and it takes great pictures.
camera|this camera exceeds my expectations . the pictures i have taken have all been clean and crisp i still have yet to play with all the features but from what i have used i'm impressed
camera|Nice camera. excellent zoom. Surprisingly light weight. Screen size is perfect. Video is good quality. I'm no expert on cameras but I am very happy with it!!
camera|I don't know much about Cameras but so far this one has been doing a great job. I purchased this camera for my father and I wanted something that would be easy to use. Lucky this camera has an "auto" feature which makes taking pictures for him very easy. You just need to make sure you stay still after taking a picture so the Camera can do its thing. So for anyone looking for a nice simple camera, this is a good one to have
camera|is a very good product, recommended, a little definition of the camera but overall perfect,congratulations on the product are some very serious people
camera|I had recently gotten the red Nikon COOLPIX L810 and had to return it. As much as I liked the camera and all the features it had the camera took poor quality pictures which made me very disappointed. Though the subject matter could be seen as a whole when looking in closer via zoom I could tell that the image was fuzzy and contain an immense amount of noise (grain) that was so bad it could not be fixed or edited out on the computer.For those of you who are big into photography and like good quality pictures I would suggest getting another camera besides the COOLPIX L810 for the reason above.
camera|I loved this camera they minute I used it. It takes wonderful pictures and the zoom is fantastic! I can even use the pet sitting on my fluffs and get some great pictures of them even when they are on the move!
camera|LOVE the camera...set up was very easy until I try to set "show date on pictures". Cannot not move the NO to a YES. I would LOVE to see the date I take the pics, but unable to do so :(
camera|what a great little camera. video is great. i am not sorry that i spent money on this little master. the price was good for the product. considering another one in red...... you will not go wrong here. thanks amazon for prompt delivery. great stuff...
camera|I ordered this camera because of a few reasons first of all I love the Nikon brand I already own a small pocket camera but I loved the SLR style too so when I found this one I fell in love with it and I just got it this week (I ordered it Thursday morning and it was in my hand by Tuesday afternoon, with the regular shipping 3-6 days) I've been playing with it ever since it takes great pictures and I can't wait to use it for some big family events I got coming up ...........THANKS NIKON I LOVE YOUR PRODUCTS!!!!
camera|My story is below, but in short, my L810 camera went defective just beyond the 30 day return policy, and I'm now stuck with a $250-$300 paperweight. :(I owned a Nikon L5100 for a while and really loved it. However, for an upcoming cruise I decided I wanted something with better megapixels, and better zoom options. Because I was impressed with the quality of the L5100, I stuck with the brand name and bought the L810, receiving it on May 9, 2012. My daily job doesn't require constant camera use, so it wasn't used much, just a picture here or there but I was VERY impressed with the quality of the images I was seeing, and the camera's ease of use. I thought I had the perfect camera for my cruise, and I planned to better test it on a trip to Las Vegas in late June 2012.As a testament to the camera's power usage, the batteries that came with it lasted until 23 June (about a month and change from first power up). Unfortunately I was at Hoover Dam (my first big scale test for the camera) when those batteries finally died. Like any other good photographer, I carry spare batteries at all times.I put in a replacement set, and hit the power button. The lens started its extraction process but then stopped, and then the camera shut off. I'm thinking something simple (I double-pressed the power button by mistake, or maybe I hadn't closed the battery door fully so battery contact got lost). I rechecked the batteries, they were fine. Pushed the power button again, but now the power light comes on for about 5 seconds and then goes off. There are no noises at all (no attempted motor noise for the lens, no clicks, nothing). I also can't access any camera menus or see any indication on the screen within that short 5 second period. The camera is simply dead, with the the lens locked in the external position so that I cannot even put the lens cap on to protect it. I've looked for some sort of "reset" button on the camera that might drive the lens back to home position, cannot find one. I even assumed I had a defective spare set of batteries, so I stopped by a convenience store for a new set on the way back to the hotel. Still the same symptoms as before.Based on date of receipt, the camera is ONLY 45 days old, but 15 days beyond Amazon's return policy . I'm also still in Vegas so I don't have the original box or cables with me (now I'm evening questioning if I kept the original box). It appears I've lost the money I paid for this camera. I'm also unsure how to safely transport it back home because of the exposed lens. I was really optimistic about this particular camera. Now I'm sitting in the hotel room in utter disappointment typing this review. I have no way to capture pictures for the remainder of my trip, and I don't have my camera for the cruise. I'm also not sure if I want to spend the additional money to replace the same camera model (meaning I'd spend nearly $500 for one camera)...I highly recommend anyone buying this, get serious use of it everyday in the first 30 days. If it goes defective, at least you'll be able to return it without a problem. This almost feels like the "Murphy's Law" for purchases. It will always fail JUST after the warranty expires.
camera|I bought this camera formy wife for her birthday. This camera takes 4 AA batteries. The camera wouldnt turn on. I went to replace the batteries and the camera still didnt turn on. I talked to Amazon and my option is to contact Nikon warranty. This camera was purchased 45 days ago and is outsiide the Amazon return window which is only 30 Days. I will not be buying anymore electronics on Amazon. Costco has a great return policy and I willbe buying from them in the future. This camera obviously is poorly made.
camera|The camera overall takes good pictures and does well in low light. I have had it a few months and I am slowly learning what mode is best for each situation. Normal I think.I like that there is a seperate button for video on/off from the snap a picture button. This way it is easy to go from one to the other.Dislike. The Camera seems slow to save to the memory card and I am fairly certain I have the higher speed card. What is very bad is that if you try to take anothe image to quickly it seems to create a gap in a photo, with a whole row of pixels missing. The camera says please wait...but I think it should be much smarter and if it is not ready to take the next photo, do not let me.The other thing that really bugs me is not having a view finder.Taking all photos looking at the LCD like a smart phone is much harder than I thought, in bright light and it is hard to utilize the extreme zoom. I know it is by design and I knew it when I bought it, but I thought I could live with it given the cheaper price, but regret not spending a little more and getting a camera with a view finder.There are 2 sliders to zoom the lense, one on the lense it self which I am guessing a left handed person would use more and the normal rotating thing right next to the shutter button. I never use the slider on the lense and would be happy to trade that feature for the view finder.If I could I would return the camera and get another.
camera|I think I am really pleased with this camera, looks easy to set up and use. Disappointed with the fact I didn't see the bundle pack, because I thought this came with the memory card and case.
camera|Very Unhappy. Thought this might be a cheaper way to get the quality of a true DSLR, and I was mistaken. This picture was purchased to help capture the trip of a lifetime, and so many of my pictures returned slightly out of focus. I had read the manual, and was ready for the trip. On our trip we had so many missed pictures because I would hold down the capture button and sometimes it would take a few seconds to actually click or not at all. Further more, whenever a photo was zoomed in the camera would refuse to focus properly at least 80% of the time. I know people said well you have to hold it halfway to focus and then click it, but it hardly ever held focus. I thought it may be a user error, but it seems that I'm not the only one who's ever had this problem with this camera. My husband tinkered with it quite a while and it was useless. A camera that can't hold a focus is ridiculous. We have so many perfectly framed pictures that just are as enjoyable because its fuzzy/grainy and slightly out of focus. I'm returning mine and just going all out for a great camera.Maybe if you can accept mediocre pictures, but I want quality.
camera|I was very excited to receive this camera but I'm so upset! This camera rarely takes a nice clear photo. Thinking of returning it!
camera|GREAT CAMERA, I LOVE IT, AND IT GOT ON THE TIME THAT THEY TOLD ME.I'LL BE USING IT ALL ROUND....
camera|Can't review this product,it never did turn on,so I sent it right back! If you order this,I suggest getting the extended warranty!!
camera|I had a nikon coolpix for many years and loved it. It finally broke after years of being dropped. Although I had a basic model, I had bought it many yrs ago and cost more than this model. I thought the upgrade would give us better pictures (although I was happy with the quality of pictures we had). I was wrong. I'm not sure if mine was faulty but on the screen the quality of pictures was poor, the color was off, and and shutter time was long so if s/o moved it was very blurry. Mind you, I never developed these pictures, this is all based on the scree. I landed up returning this product and getting a basic nikon again for under $100 and I love the quality.
camera|WORST CAMERA EVER, IT IS ALMOST IMPOSIBLE TO GET AN ACCURATE FOCUS EVEN ON EASY MODE. DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM. WANT AN EASY TO USE CAMERA, LOOK SOMEWHERE ELSE.
camera|I purchased the camera for a trip. put in the batteries and turned it on, took a few photos and the lens stuck open, and started flashing error message to take the len cap of that was not on. the lens is still stuck half open and the camera will not work. had to return the item for refund, after I had to purchse another camera while I was on my trip, so I was out twice the money for the camera.
camera|I have not used the camera a great deal as yet, but the few pictures I have taken have been satisfactory so far.I have worked my way through the reference manual once but need to go through it again. There is a lot tolearn in order to use this camera successfully.I am happy with the size and feel of this camera. I have givenit a three star rating only because I have not used it a great deal as yet.
camera|First off I am not a whiz kid specializing in photography. I am just a 53 year old man who as lived long enough to see many pictures both good and bad. This Nikon COOLPIX L810 16.1 MP Digital Camera with 26x Zoom NIKKOR ED Glass Lens and 3-inch LCD (Blue) is a nice camera to look at but don't expect to shoot high quality pictures with it in normal house light even with its built in flash. Pictures taken with the Nikon COOLPIX L810 16.1 MP Digital Camera with 26x Zoom NIKKOR ED Glass Lens and 3-inch LCD (Blue)in normal room light are filled with noise in the form of little odd colored dots. I took a picture of the same thing with the flash without the flash and using all of the modes provided. While the pictures varied widely in look across the modes not one was even close to an acceptable quality. This camera does take better pictures of still objects out doors on a sunny day than MY 8 YEAR OLD 5 MEGA PIXEL KODAK EASY SHARE DX4530. Remember however I brought my OLD 5 MEGA PIXEL KODAK EASY SHARE DX4530 from Amazon.com for about $280 new! 8 Years hence their is no real improvement in JPEG picture quality which is just plain sad.What's worse low light pictures taken by this Nikon CoolPix L810 aren't worth looking at. Even when well lit using flash the pictures taken with this Nikon L810 camera are anything BUT COOLPIX. Now remembering that I am NOT a photographer I will venture a different guess to the question why this and so many other basic point and shoot camera's take such horrible pictures. Professional pictures often use RAW imaging that records whatever the sensor see's in a file format. RAW files tend to have more color information in them. The process of creating a compressed JPG picture file throws away lots of picture quality information in its mad dash to compress the image. With JPEG you get a digitally compressed image but it generally looks terrible. That being said not all JPEG look uniformly horrid. Some really good camera companies tweak the JPG compression formula's in ways the vastly improve the image quality of JPEG but went all is said and done a JPG \ JPEG is still a UGLY COMPRESSED IMAGE that has lost much of its digital quality in the name of making the image smaller. JPG's were created at a time when Terabyte drives, fiber-optic high speed internet and High Resolution Digital photography on todays scale were all pipe dreams.RAW format offers the potential for a richer more dynamic image quality when properly processed. Today's eyes have quickly become used to High Definition TV, Video Games and other imaging venues. Yet 21st centrury cutting edge photography equipment clings foolishly to the tired looking lame painfully ugly old JPEG \ JPG technology that made sense in the days of 14.4 modems and dial up but that are increasingly ugly and useless in the 21st century world. To me JPG's always look grainy and ugly on any of todays high definition technology even under the best of conditions. JPG's are faded ugly old low definition technology viewed on today's high definition visual devices how can it help but look horrible to eyes made used to spectacular graphics in most new technologies. JPEG technology was designed when bandwidth was tiny and uncompressed pictures were JUST PLAIN MIND NUMBINGLY HUGE! JPEG'S, JPG'S and GIF'S among others attempted to compress the huge picture files by using complex math to shrink the file size while trying not to degrade the picture image too much. JPG \ JPEG won the compression wars and for good or ill and we have been stuck with its small compressed file size and compromised image quality ever since. JPEG images tend to be DOG UGLY no matter what camera takes them. Granted some camera's take a better JPG than others but most JPG's render compressed picture files that look muddy, out of focus and lacking in detail even the most limited person can easily see.I could be totally dog wrong but; if you look at any JPG too close I doubt the average person will like what they see. The industry needs to come up with a better image format than the tired old JPG that still dominates the consumer camera market. What's worse Adobe's Photoshop and other image editing software is more limited in the help it offers when enhancing a JPG opposed to the many sweet options it offers those images saved in a RAW format it recognizes. The JPG is like a stately matronly old babe in a tattered wedding dress, who has not aged well and has seriously over stayed her welcome. JPEG is a 20th century bandwidth saving photographic solution lingering too long in our 21st century fiber optic high bandwidth world that is clearly demanding a far better quality payoff its photographic efforts than poor tired lame old JPG can ever hope to offer. The JPG \ JPEG format is like a painfully compressed picture of Dorian Gray who in the brutal light of 21st century photography is starting to look mighty ugly to all with the clarity of vision to see TRUTH! Photographers' both professional and amateur see the short increasingly see the shortcomings of JPG compression technology simply because we love to take pictures. To a photographer a picture is an intimate expression of self and their place in the world at the moment of its creation. Sadly a badly compressed JPG turns the best effort vision of the artist into just so much mud tightly packed to reduce file size. JPG is a compression system to reduce file size that compromises image quality in its process. Photography is an art and in truth artistic expression there can be no compromise without distorting or defiling the message and relationship the photographic artist builds with each individual viewer. JPG is a compromise of the artistic vision of photographers that the world can no longer afford in the High Definition, high bandwidth world of our 21st century. JPG will always have a place in transmission of utility photographs that are not intended to perform an artistic purpose.Oh I fully expect to be trashed for the opinions I express here but, I am have been an AUTISTIC WEREWOLF for over 50 years so I am used to folks hating what I say and think. I even enjoy the hate of others lets me know I am alive. This Cool Pix Camera will been returned to the Amazon.com stable because; there is no room in my coral for such an expensive a camera whose pictures too often come out fuzzy, dark and lame! I spent $919.00 buying a Pentax K5 camera body plus about $200 for a lens. Even taking ugly JPG's with the Pentax K5 the picture quality was far superior to this weak Cool Pix camera out of the box using auto its focus. Coolpix images look like sandpaper with pictures superimposed on them at worse. At best Coolpix Camera images look as if the background has a hives or a similar small bump skin disease. The only thing Nikon CoolPix can do for me is take back the camera and return my money. From my experience this camera uses a lowest quality math to process its images into JPG and it shows in the consistently blotchy, blurry, horrible photographs it generates.
camera|If you are going to spend almost $300 for a this camera, I would recommendyour go for the Panasonic Lumix MSC FZ150 for a few hundred more. Thiscamera isn't quite ready for primetime, the zoom is jerky and it kept comingup with 'battery exhausted', plus only records for 29 minutes, regardless ofhow many GB's you have available.If you want a REALLY GOOD CAMERA that will run circles around this one andzillion of options, fantastic pictures and 1080P video, the Lumix is the one.You will not be disappointed, I guarantee it. Sue me, if I'm wrong.Panasonic DMC-FZ150K 12.1 MP Digital Camera with CMOS Sensor and 24x Optical Zoom (Black) $489.00 32X Zoom....I took a picture of my hallway, with nothing on but a nightlight and itcame out great! Excellent low light camera.
