camera|Yes, I really love it. I don't like leaving home without it.This camera took my interest in photography to a whole new level. It takes wonderful pictures. It's solidly constructed. The menus are well-designed. The setup of the controls is well-thought out.If you are new to DSLR, this is a great camera to start with. However, be aware that once you cross the line into DSLR, it can be a never-ending drain on your wallet, between lenses and accessories.I got some dust on my sensor within only a few months of purchase. This seems to be inevitable as best I can tell if you have multiple lenses. It was a bit concerning, as there isn't a lot of documentation on how to fix this problem. I ultimately bought a sensor cleaning kit and was able to clean it after several tries.There are a gazillion lenses to choose from. I would consider buying just the camera body and purchase a Canon EF-S 18-200mm f/3.5-5.6 IS Standard Zoom Lens for Canon DSLR Cameras. This is the perfect "walk-around" lens, as it gives you a great range from wide-angle through telephoto. The less you have to change lenses, the better (see above).
camera|I'm an entry level DSLR user and took a class with my new camera. It's great and easy to use and once you learn to use your manual adjustments you can take quite excellent pictures! The coloring is great and I can't wait to take more pictures with it!
camera|I bought this camera because I wanted a dslr for underwater pictures. Unlike other dslrs, this camera has a lower priced high quality underwater housing available. Pair this with a great fish eye and macro lens and you are setup for blowing bubbles and shooting pictures!
camera|I make youtube videos, and since ive had this camera my videos have been amazing. Perfect for beginners, and professionals!!
camera|The Canon rebel t3i is a great SLR camera. It has many features that allow for professional photography. The manual mode is easy to use and change the aperture speed, shutter speed, exposure,etc. One thing I would say though is the flash is a little bit weak.
camera|It has far exceeded my expectation from a beginnner DSLR camera! It is right for the price of it you won't regret it.
camera|Canon quality Canon engineering Canon value all in one very neat package very versatile lots of accessories available BUY BUY
camera|I'm just starting to develop my skills (or not) as an amateur photographer, and this camara is an excelent tool to start with. It is really easy to use, very intuitive, fast, light ( for been a reflex), the battery has never let me down, The only thing is that you may be a bit short with the lens, but is just a detail.I'm realy happy with my new camara.
camera|I Love Photography and just had to get this camera. Never mind the price, great item. I Highly recommend this.
camera|It's an awesome camera, I really love it. I can't wait to take a million pictures with it, thank you.
camera|Camera came before it was scheduled to arrive, in wonderful condition!! The price was very good also :) I was really nervous about everything, but I am so happy that I bought the item
camera|Love this camera. I like the flip out screen. I miss my rotating selection on the body though, so clicking through each photo is annoying, but I'm glad it shoots HD video and has a flip out screen. That's really helpful.
camera|This camera is so easy to use and has the best results! More than I expected. I should have bought this a long time ago instead of thinking about it so long.
camera|C'mon . This is a Canon Rebel. You just can't go wrong with this model, this manufacturer, or the name. I bought this for my daughter as a step-up from a film camera. She couldn't be happier.
camera|After reading all of the reviews, I purchased this camera. My friends with Nikon's in the same price range are drooling over this t3i. I am admittedly a novice photographer, but this camera provides plenty of room for me to grow and even takes great pictures with my currently, limited knowledge.
camera|I am not a professional... I just like taking pictures of my kids and occasionally my friend's kids. The quality of pictures is amazing for someone who doesn't have any idea what she is doing, and to me that is all that matters. I read the reviews, decided to give it a try, and fell in love with the camera. My kids are only little once and I wanted amazing pictures of them to capture their youth and this camera achieves that. It very simple to use.
camera|For my purposes this is a great digital SLR. I also picked up the zoom lens so I feel very fortunate to have the flexibility for for money. I have the fold out LED screen which is a nice feature.
camera|Reminds me of my Canon AE-Program. Takes great pictures. Love the 55-250 zoom lens. More than happy with the purchase.
camera|I have taken Over 4000 photos so far and it allows me to come up with amazing photos. I do not recommend it for doing video if you are thinking of using it for video because it does not have auto focus.
camera|It's a good camera for begginers.The problem is that the camera have a dead pixel!But all the others things are ok!
camera|This is a great camera. It's fast and the pics are great. We are beginner level and bought it to take pics of our kids. It's great!
camera|I had to return this camera because it came defective; however, that was not the reason why I didn't return it for the same thing. Canon makes great cameras and I chose them over Nikon after doing exhausting research. The clarity of the pics were amazing. The only hard issue I had with this camera was the speed. If you are looking to take rapid pics, this is not your camera. This is my first DSLR and even I thought it was slow. After doing more research I found out that if I paid $40 more, I could get the T4. Why wouldn't I do that? The T4 is faster, it has more MPs, it has a touch screen, and it can hold two memory cards. It has in camera HDR and video autofocus. Now when it originally came out the price was much higher and the T3 was a better bang for your buck, but ever since the price of the T4 came down, it makes no sense to to get the T3.
camera|This camera is perfect!!! All the features are great and easy to use. Purchased for my wife for Christmas and she has not put it down since she got it. Highly recommended!!!
camera|Camera is awesome and worth the money... great deal...excellent pic quality... love all the features especially the screen that comes out of the camera and u can rotate it...
camera|I bought this camera to myself as my own Christmas present. I love it, i think it is great for amateurs who are learning how to take great photos. With this camera I became more interested and motivated to take better photos. I also bought few more lenses and I Can't wait to see how much I can do with it..
camera|I bought this as an entry level DSLR. I'm no professional by any means, but I know enough to figure out why I got a bad shot and make the necessary adjustments to get a better one. This camera has met and exceeded all of my expectations. I certainly have a lot to learn about it still, however it didn't take long for me to figure out the main aspects of all the settings. Its comfortable to hold and carry, and the picture quality is amazing. I'm more of a family portrait shooter as well as just capturing family memories, so I don't use this to take artistic photos by any means, however after playing with it for a while I can see how it would be easy to start learning how to do that as well. So far my favorite feature is the wireless shutter release. Nothing makes the holidays photos as much fun now that I don't have to worry about setting that stupid timer and hoping that i run to the group in time for the shot. Now I can just enjoy the moment take as many photos in as little time necessary to achieve the perfect group shot. I love it! If you're a person thats ever used the self timer alot, the remote should be a must added accessory!
camera|I would recommend this product to anyone who is looking for a reasonably priced DSLR with some great capabilities. I ordered this one over the t4i, not only because of the pricing differences but because of the similarities of the functions. The t3i is about 3 steps ahead of the t3, and is right on par with the t4i. The tilting screen is great for showing off pictures without getting crowded, and the manual settings are great and easily fixed to how they are needed.
camera|this dslr is very good for filming. the flip out screen makes it so much easier, i am very happy with this camera
camera|I use this camera primarily for film. Beautiful picture, crisp and pristine clarity. Great for trying new lenses out and the photography options a great for anyone from beginners to professionals.
camera|An awesome light-weight camera with great images and color. I love the feel and size of this camera, and am extremely pleased with the images it produces.
camera|I am a newbie to DSLR cameras. A friend of mine had a Nikon and I was so sure that's what I wanted but couldn't quite swing the price for the one I wanted. She told me her sister had gone with this one and that she loved it. I went ahead and took the plunge and couldn't be happier. This camera is easy very easy to understand for beginners. The menus are clear and you have on screen help if you need it. Would recommend to other newbies....
camera|The Cannon T3I is an overall great camera. Some of the features are:-Quality of 1080 pixels (HD)-Manual Focus-Regular sized mount for tripod-Also a great compact cameraI have used this camera for a while now and I love it. It has great durability and great battery life. It's been dropped a couple of times and still doesn't even have a scratch. The grip is great. You can get it pretty steady without the use of a stabilizer or tripod. Some of the negative things are that sometimes it stops recording automatically. I still don't know if there is a setting to fix it but if there is, then this is one less negative about this camera. Another one is the lack of distance of the zoom, but this is easily fixed with purchasing a long lense. So I would rate this camera 10/10 because of the great quality and settings for the type of shot you want, also because of the very minimum negatives. This camera is great for people who are looking for a professional grade camera for under one thousand dollars.
camera|I was using a Canon Rebel XS for about two years, already got my Canon 28-135 mm lense, a Canon 85 mm 1.8 lense and a Tamron 70-300 mm lense, and then my dad gave this camera as a gift!. It is amazing!!. I noticed the diference right away, my pictures came out way more sharp and with beautiful vivid colors, what can i say, it is awesome. Now i feel that my lenses are working in their full capacity. I am not a professional photographer, i have been on this only for two years, and i have a long way of things to learn, and this T3I neither is a professional camera, but if your budget don't let you go for a 60D or 5D Mark or L series lenses, i totally recommend you this camera and any of the lenses i mentioned before. It is a very good and affordable option. I have my own backdrops, a flash, and i do a lot "improvised studio sessions" and a lot of outside family and children sessions, and so far i have nothing to complaint about my "baby" T3I. As long as you shoot in manual and know how to play with light, composition and be willing to learn and do your best, you will have great results with this camera. Hope this review help somebody. Im not too much into tech stuff, so this is more about how good this T3I have been for me. Good luck!
camera|This is my First DSLR camera; but i found it very easy to use. the Quality of the camera is excellent it is not made from a cheap plastic material. i really like the camera.
camera|Canon T3i is pretty affordable and for the entry level of DSLR camera, it is very good in term of the picture quality. It is compact and lighter compares to others. I do not regret to have it.
camera|I got this camera for much cheaper I paid $578.00 on different website, the trade off is it took about a week and a half to receive it. The camera itself is a great camera you can't go wrong with it. Picture quality is great!
camera|I love this camera! I really feel for the price it is the best you can get. Camera came quickly and with no issues.
camera|I sold my Rebel XSi to upgrade to this model. I was attracted by the improved light sensitivity and video functionality.The XSi was always too slow and resulted in a lot of blurry or grainy pictures if the lighting wasn't just right.But the T3i has overcome all of these shortcomings. I love this model and constantly have friends asking me about the camera that took the photos I share with them. A couple of them have gone out and purchased the same one after being so impressed with the quality. Two thumbs up.
camera|love the articulating lcd. been waiting to buy a DSLR with this feature. missed the 60D special pricing. I have other Canon PowerShots with it.excellent Japanese build quality. most companies have lowered their quality so low I usually have serious issues, but not with Canon yet (cross my fingers).got it for a really low price, so super happy.would be great if it was full frame, but then it would cost 5 times more.
camera|The Canon Rebel T3i was a great purchase. It not only shoots great pictures but also takes some nice video for a DSLR. The camera is great for all "skill" levels of the photographer. Simple to use but also comes with many in depth functions.
camera|Faster shipment and right price, I liked it, If I have to buy it again I will purchase with you guys .
camera|It took some to get the order shipped but worth waiting. Having single lense for most of the occasion is a b I g plus. Will recommend to anyone.
camera|I love it!I've taken pictures in the day, at night, and at a baseball game.So far so good.No complaints.
camera|The design and materials are very slolid, but the camera its light. The photo quality it's amazing with out even trying.
camera|I've had this camera for a number of months now. I am amazed at how detailed the images come out. They are outstanding! I was able to buy a a Pentax PK Lens to Canon EOS EF Mount Adapter and use some old lens with the newer mount (the old lens still perform as good as the kit lens). First of, I am coming from a point-and-shoot camera background, but I did have prior knowledge on how to operate DSLR's. out of the box, I was able to take stunning images with a breeze. I even took some close-up images of the moon with a telephoto lens.On a side note, I also installed Magic Lantern(free) onto this camera, and was able to get high end camera features easily.All in all, this camera is the way to go for new or moderate DSLR users.Ratings:Image quality 10/10Ease of use 8/10Weight 9/10Kit Lens 9/10Durability 10/10Features 9/10
camera|So i have been using this camera for well over a year now and its the best camera out there. It takes the most beautiful pictures and stunning video, but since there is no auto focus for video its really hard to get it perfect. Its time consuming, but for taking pictures there isn't much to say. Only ITS THE BEST CAMERA OUT THERE THAT THANKS THE BEST PICTURES EVER.
camera|I still haven't used every single feature on the camera, because there are simply too many on it. The pictures we take come out great, even in the auto setting. Video looks great as well. For an entry level DSLR, this thing fits the bill perfectly. The addition of the tilt and swivel screen over the previous year is a wonderful change.
camera|I'm a camera noob and this thing takes terrific photos. VERY good purchase and will be used for many years to come.
camera|Excelente compra. Pude usar los aditamentos de mi vieja camara Canon de rollo (lentes, flash, cobertor, etc). Es una gran ventaja que estas compa&ntilde;ias dieran la alternativa de usar otras partes del equipo fotografico y no tener que tirarlas a la basura. El desempe&ntilde;o de la camara es ideal. Las fotos son muy buenas y el video es de gran calidad. Estoy muy contento con mi 600D y ademas no tuve que tirar mi inversion anterior
camera|Canon T3i is just what I expected, it's quite easy to learn how to use it, everything is on the manual. It works as well as for an amateur than a professional, is just perfect
camera|I got this for filmmaking because of course I don't have 3000 for a red camera. I did ton of research on dslr cameras and this one won me over. Eye pleasing 24 frames per second at 1080p. What more to ask for. The audio is not good but noisy of course cause its built in and good for syncing up with another audio like a shotgun mic with the program plural eyes. I love this camera. My first dslr and my last stand attempt into filmmaking.
camera|Its a great camera, its inexpensive, but really its what you do with the camera that sets it apart for others. Its fast, light weight, and accurate. I love my mine. I would never go Nikon. I have a 7D, and I have use of a 5D, but they are heavy. If you are shooting a wedding or on a long hike looking for wild life, its an important consideration, 5d gets heavy.And Amazon rules in shipping and their a-z guarantee are unsurpassed!
camera|This camera is fantastic. The lens completes the camera. The picture and video quality is amazing. The sharpness in the ISO is also amazing. I have taken picture with ISO 1,600 and the picture looks phenomenal. Canon's JPEG processing is at its best. The only bad part of this camera is the continuous shooting; this is bad especially if you are taking pictures of sports. I have also notice that it tends to overexpose pictures in bright sunlight. Of course this can be fixed by using manual settingsProsVideo and picture quality - 18 Megapixels!HDMI outputGreat and fast autofocusConsSlow frame rate - (sports)Live view AF is laggy
camera|Great overall DSLR for the price, not the best under low lit conditions (night time/dark out) but I've gotten a lot out of it but instead of just talking about it, how aboutyou see for your self; I'm a film student and videographer/editor: the following short films, trailers and promos where all shot on my Canon T3i at(Main Channel/Big Projects): Youtube.com/abovethenormfilms(2nd channel/Videography/Promos for work/Media Team): Youtube.com/abovethenormpromos-William Rodriguez
camera|I am a ardent amatuer photographer since the age of 12 or 13 when My first real camera was a twin lens reflex Yashica and then progressed into 35MM with my father's pre-war Leica shooting miles of black and white film. As an adult I migrated into Canon SLRs and even two top of the line Nikons SLR's. Digital photography was becoming mainstream and I purchased a Panasonic and Canon pocket cameras.The images from the Canon were very reminecent of good ol' Kodachrome 25 meaning intensity and warmth color, crispness etc. So when I decided to get back into SLR land it was a choice between the T3i and the simialar Nikon. After spending time researching the net for comparisons I chose the Canon based primarily based on image comparisons not necessarily features. After a month with the T3i I can say that you have to read the book and experiment. The first pictures out of the gate were nice but where was the punch? ...after reading a few chapters the depth of programs and customization of same, led me back to my Kodachrome 25 images.I continue to play with it and burning electrons in my search as I continue to learn how to get more and different effects.In a nutshell, this is one fine camera and would recommend it to anyone. There are the Nikon and Canon die-hards out there that will continue to say their brand is better than the other, but my defining characteristic is that good old K25 look and feel of my photos.From a technical standpoint the menus are well laid out and easy to understand drill downs enhanced by short menu descriptions that even a photo-tyro can understand. Five stars Canon!
camera|I recently decided to upgrade to a DSLR camerea. The canon t3i was the perfect choice for me, not low end, not high end, but everything I needed. I shoot a lot of animations and needed a remote triggering system. The shot quality is amazing. Easy to use. Canon has a simple and very effective tutorial that helps out with understanding all the bells and whistles of this camera. Highly recommend.
camera|I have been wanted to get into the DSLR market for a while and planned on doing it in the future however I saw some YouTube videos taken with a DSLR and was amazed. I was motivated enough that I bought this camera and since then (3 months or so) I have not regretted it. I love the photos I am able to take and I love the video quality as well. In fact, here is a link to the video I made on YouTube, check it out to see what an novice can do with this camera... [...]All the shots in the video are with the kit lens except the very first moon shot, I borrowed a friend's 75-300mm lens.The kit lens has been great. Sure I would love to buy a nice L-series Canon lens, but can't afford it at this time. I took some portraits over the weekend and loved the results! Here is something to try, put the focus at about 50mm, set aperture as low as possible, make sure your shutter speed is at least 1/60 for handheld (maybe be in the aperture mode so that is automatic), increase your ISO if it is darker, and take some head shots of someone. Put them up against a cool background (a brick or stone wall...) and take a few shots. Really, I have been impressed with the great photos I have been able to take.To take it to the next level also check out Photoshop Lightroom. It is an amazing program and can really help your photos stand out.Anyway, if you haven't been convinced yet from all the other reviews, this is a great camera, I have loved it, have not regretted spending the money for it, and it has brought a lot of fun to my life. I hope you decide to buy a DSLR, if not today do it soon!
camera|This is my first DSLR camera and I totally love it. The images are amazing. Still mastering some of the manual functionality but overall very happy with this purchase
camera|This is my first DSLR, and I absolutely love it. As a complete beginner, I love that is has easy presets yet makes the more advance features easy to navigate. The quality of the images is excellent.
camera|It is an excellent camera but unfortunately does not contain a feature I was looking for. I do no post processing on a computer and rely on the features in the camera.For some reason, they do not have a trimming feature where you cam trim and record in-camera. Otherwise, a very good camera.
camera|I purchased this product for my wife. She has purchased other models of the same mark, but this one takes the prize. Great camera!!!
camera|The camera works very well. Purchased body only and it arrived in perfect condition. It is a little heavier than my old Cannon.
camera|This is my first DSLR; still playing with all it's modes.I find the time between pictures to be very short unlike my previous point and shoot. Would have loved if the package contained an SD card though.Yet to find issues if any with it.
camera|I bought this camera as an upgrade to my Canon Rebel xsi and it is every bit as amazing as I thought it would be. I use it primarily for product shots so I need excellent quality in a photograph and this camera provides that quality. my shots are everything I need them to be. I find it easy to operate as well. Combined with a Canon Macro lens I purchased I'm all set. This photo is proof of the quality of this camera. Janice[...]
camera|This is my first digital slr camera and must say it is amazing right out of the box. I found the camera easy to operate, well the basics, without reading the manual. The clarity of the pictures are superb. There is one little thing that I would have to say needs improvement and that would be the flash. After a few pictures using the flash, the flash would take a few seconds, maybe a minute to reload. The camera will show you that the flash is busy. But besides that, everything is exceeds my expectations. It's a great camera especially for the price. Oh, by the way, the video is excellent. It's very easy to switch between camera and video mode. LOVE IT!!!
camera|I consider my self a techie, but have not ventured into the world of DSLR's until recently when I purchased the Canon T3i. The camera is easy to use straight out of the box, or you can spend days learning all of the options and abilities of this camera. It takes decent video, but it takes some time to get use to the clunky video controls. The different scene options help for us who are just starting out, and the automatic setting is great for those who don't want to learn about the camera's manual side. Overall great first DSLR. I got it with the 18-55mm kit lens, but would definitely recommend spending the extra money and getting the 18-135mm lens. I can see now the great flexibility that a lens with that range would give.
camera|I bought the t3i body because I wanted the ability to shoot video, but didn't want to have to pay for new lenses. I had owned the Rebel xSi for a few years and was able to attach the kit lens and 50mm lens to the new t3i without any problems. It gets the same incredible quality shots as my old camera, but now I can watch them move as well! My old SD cards worked fine for stills, but I did have to buy a larger capacity, faster card for shooting video. The PNY 16GB Class 10 card was my choice and it worked so well, I bought two more. The xSi takes a different battery than the t3i as well, but I still saved money not having to pay for another lens. I have owned many video cameras over the years, and nothing gets as nice a picture as the t3i. Having all the manual controls and focus options of a still camera has made all the difference.
camera|Canon has once again answered the call. This camera has everything you need for most still shooting, and full HD video, at a very affordable price! Like many of the reviewers before me, the kit lens leaves a bit to be desired. It looks good, reacts well, great glass,...but is built cheaper and lighter than the standard lens lineup and feels a bit "break easy" for use every day. At this pricepoint, however,(I got mine during cyber week) there is flexibility to invest in a better lens. And with casual use the kit lens should last a good while. I'll update if I'm wrong about that!!The vari-angle monitor is very handy and has a crystal clear screen. If your used to Canon this is will familiar ground for you as most controls, and shooting modes, are right where they are supposed to be. Good, fast, AF. Live view. 18mp! In my opinion, definitely the biggest bang for buck out there right now!!!I would suggest reading the hands-on reviews. You'll be impressed.
camera|The other reviews speak for themselves.......Great Starter DSLR Camera and could have paid over $200 more for the exact same thing at Bust Buy.
camera|The camera is fantastic. It is everything that was expected and more. If you're looking for some good shootin' then I say take the dive into this wonderland. Pics were taken that were unexptected to be so well done. One caveat, my hands are a little big for the frame.. still five stars, though.
camera|I have had my camera for about a month now, I am very pleased with the product. Takes great photos, and amazing video. The lens that came with the camera is actually pretty good, its very wide, and is pretty decent on close ups. I plan on getting another lens for portraits.The only real deal I have with the camera is the grain, and ISO for video, but with the proper video editing software, like Red Giant De-noiser it takes care of the problem.
camera|Love, love, love this camera! I had been using/ borrowing my father in laws T2i for general use and weddings and I loved it. When we decided to purchase, we went with the T3i and couldn't be happier. The screen rotates around so it can be completely protected when not in use, and if you are taking pics at floor level or above your head, it can be moved to the perfect angle. Can't wait to use this screen for taking family photos with a tripod. It has a great feel, and compared to the T2i, the size/weight is not a problem. I've taken fabulous pictures and I'm very happy with it! I also like the accessories and little gadgets that you can also purchase!
camera|Awesome package by canon available for beginners to start with. Have you hands settled down with basic controls with higher quality photos and then be creative with plenty of advanced features. Budget SLR to kick your photography passion!!!
camera|Wow..... I haven't had a canon Rebel since the 35mm days. Always upgrading my point and shoots every year. Didn't know what I was missing. This camera can be as simple as a point and shoot and as difficult as you want it to be. The shots over Christmas of my family are simply amazing even on the auto+ mode. I never wanted to drop $1k on a camera so with the price drops the time was right. Simply amazing photos.
camera|Wonderful camera! We love it! We are having a great time with this Canon EOS Rebel T3i. If you want a good camera you could choose this one because it is excellent.
camera|In a world of rapidly advancing tech, with much of it dropping in price while offering an increasing array of features, the Canon Rebel T3i offers some of the strongest tools available in a DSLR body at a remarkable price. Quite possibly one of the best values in imaging on the market today. I use it in tandem with the Canon 5DM2.
camera|This is my first camera of anything remotely high end. The first few times I have taken it out have made me realize what good photos can look like with the right camera in your hands. Took it to the dog park earlier this week. Shot about 300 pictures and had a hard time deciding which one I liked the best. This camera is great, the settings let you have as much control as you want, so as your skill with the camera increases you can start controlling more and more of the individual elements that help make your photos stand out.
camera|I needed a camera to both take professional quality pictures and record at full HD 1080. I am a published author and am currently writing my next how-to book on balloon twisting. The publisher wants to do ebook versions with video embedded, so I needed to find a reasonably priced way to create both pictures and videos for the ebooks. So far any fault with the video and pictures has more to do with my knowledge (or lack thereof) of good studio lighting and proper lenses for proper settings. The camera itself works great. Both the video and pictures are sharp. I read reviews on the camera and so got an external microphone to plug into the camera rather than using the built in one. Also the veri-angle LCD screen is great for being able to frame myself in the shot before starting to record since I'm usually doing these pictures and videos alone. It is definitely a purchase I would make again (but I shouldn't need to for quite a while).
camera|I upgraded from the XTi to the T3i. Great camera! I could not be more pleased. I was not sure if the flip out screen was necessary but a recent trip to Disney proved that it was useful. Holding it above the crowds is now possible. I upgraded due to my interest in the video capabilities. I am not 100% thrilled and would not run out to have this to replace a dedicated video camera but it does serve the purpose for the occasional video capture. It has difficulty focusing but fixed video capture works extremetly well. If you are reading this to figure out if it is a good camera, I can offer two words..... buy it!
camera|This camera is fantastic. Construction feels solid, grip feels nice. The kit 18-55 mm lens maybe isn't the best, but you can always buy the body by itself and get a nice prime lens. I'm a student filmmaker, and this camera works great. The swivel screen is great for when I have the camera up on my DIY jib and need to see what I'm looking at. HD video quality is fantastic, even in low light, and it'll only get better with a better lens. I had to film some interviews outside a club in low light, and even at ISO 1600 the noise wasn't distracting, and after a quick denoising pass it wasn't noticeable at all. The camera has an stereo audio input on the side if you don't have an external device to record audio to and, though the camera's weak pre-amp leads to noisier audio, it's definitely still usable. If you're a still photographer and don't need the swivel screen, get the T2i instead. But for filmmakers who want a great camera without have to sell their kidneys, the T3i is freaking sweet.P.S: This camera works with both the CineStyle profile and the Magic Lantern firmware. So. Awesome.
camera|This is my first DSLR and it is an amazing camera. The ease of use is the first thing that comes to mind when thinking about the pros of this camera. It is very user friendly and has the pre-set settings to take pictures for all occasion. The picture and video quality is also amazing. I love taking video of our new born and then watching it in HD. The swivel screen is another great option that the T2i(Older model) does not have. Having this has been very useful for akward angle pictures during functions. The battery life of the camera has been good I don't use the camera daily but it still maintains a good amount of charge if i got a week between use for a few weeks. Cons for the camera are very minimal but one thing is even though the pre-set settings are very user friendly the manual settings are not so user friendly but once you get the hang of what the settings need to be for a specific shot then its not a huge deal. Overall def recommend the camera to anyone looking for an entry DSLR and would tell them to upgrade to the 18-135 lens instead of the 18-55.
camera|NOT bad...My first dslr and have owned it for about 6 months now. the good....long battery life, pictures look great but don't do what i did ,buy a bunch of used cheap canon or tamron lenses from eBay.invest in a good lens. the saying is true your camera is only as good as your lens I will go as far to say that the t3i takes as good if not better the my 5d mark 2.yeah i said it.the video component is awesome, many options to choose from add MJ and add even more options ,a good camera stabilizer is a must when shooting video unless you like the shaky camera look.the things I don't like ...the camera feels cheap in hand its light and small..you may like this I don't .if you want something with some more heft go with the 60dif i had a do over that's the camera i would go with.....that's it .
camera|We had a Canon G series camera earlier which got damaged due to salt water. So went for the T3i this time. Its a very good camera with lot of features. My wife is still learning to try out all the features as it is very vast. Lot of unique capabilities which I have not seen in any other cameras.
camera|Works great and I paid only $694 including tax. Extensively tested this camera and all is well. Tilt/flip LCD Screen is very handy and this allows you to even take pictures of yourself. The upper priced DSLR Canon models lack this feature. This is all the camera your amateur photographer will ever need. It feels light and is well balanced in your hands. If you want better quality pictures than the provided kit lens gives you, go buy yourself a Canon L lens for this T3i body. Buying a better body is not the answer to better pictures. It is like stereo equipment, the quality of the Stereo PreAmp/Amp can only audibly improve the sound just so much. Having overkill amp power and statistical levels of inaudible distortion, that the ear cannot hear in the first place, does not improve sound quality. The "SPEAKERS" are the only part of the system that can do that. So here too, it is the "LENS" that really makes the difference in "PICTURE QUALITY" and not the camera bodies that have overkill features not necessary for 99.99% of camera users. Don't waste your money on those bells and whistles, buy yourself a better lens instead.The T3i is a great camera body and the 55mm f/3.5-5.6 IS kit lens is not bad either for the money.
camera|Coming from an old rebel XTi, the T3i walks wonders around its older counterparts. The body feels better, tighter, and sturdier. The buttons and menu can be intimidating at first, but take your time to learn Canon's system because it's worth it! It takes beautiful photos and the ability to shoot in RAW is all you need to have professional photos without spending > $2K on a camera! I'd love to upgrade to a 5D or 7D someday but I don't know about that, so for now I'm sticking with the T3i (600D). Couldn't be happier!
camera|Excellent camera, sharp photos, has various modes simple enough to work with even for a novice like myself. Now i don't want to go back to the regular play and shoot cameras. Worth the investment....
camera|purchased this as a christmas gift for my wife. She's always had smaller compact cameras and complained about the picture qualitiy and time between pictures. The picture quality on this camera is awesome and there is no hesitation between pictures. Most important, she loves it and thats saying a lot because she is a crazy when it comes to taking pictures. I thought the size would be a problem as she is a fast pace girl but she hasnt complained about that once. Im not a camera tech so thats all i can offer
camera|Canon does it again.I owned the T2i for about a year and used it to take pictures at concerts. It was a great camera. When I saw this camera, I got it thinking that it would be better. This camera exceeded my expectations. I have used both cameras at the same time to see the difference. This camera is SO MUCH BETTER. It adjusts to the lighting around me so much better than the t2i and the moving screen is perfect for taking video, since sometimes to get a great shot you need to put the camera in different positions. The microphone is amazing and HD video is spectacular.It is a great camera for beginners since this camera explains what each mode setting does. This camera was worth every cent and more.
camera|The Canon Rebel T3i is an amazing DSLR. It's features and specifications produce exceptional picture quality. This is a great product for anyone buying their first DSLR. It surpasses all of it's predecessors and is by far one of, if not, the best entry-level DSLR currently on the market. I have nothing but praise for this camera as it's features and specs are just amazing. Visit Canon's website for more detailed info on this DSLR here: http://usa.canon.com/cusa/consumer/products/cameras/slr_cameras/eos_rebel_t3i_18_55mm_is_ii_kit#Overview
camera|We gave to our son and daughter-in-law for Christmas! They were thrilled. It takes wonderful pictures and my son is having a ball trying all the stuff on it. Really great!
camera|I upgraded from a Canon XTi so I had lenses for the camera. It takes great pictures and I have been trying out the different settings. I'm not sure if I like the live view at this time but it will probably take some getting used to. I used the video capabilities and was quite impressed (after I read the instructions). As with any new camera, read the Manual and it will work as it should.
camera|I've always wanted to get into photo and so I decided to get into a photo class and the T3i was the camera I bought to get me started. I love this camera!! Is quite good for a semi-pro and it got soooo much better once i got her a new lens. It's fairly easy to use (although the user's manual is not very friendly in my opinion, i took a basic class and learned a lot... including how to understand that manual!). The twistable LCD screen is so useful when photographing difficult angles and for self-portraits!I'm no expert but I'm really happy with this purchase
camera|I waited for several years to invest in a DSLR and now I'm glad I did. The Canon T3i is everything I want in a camera. It's extremely easy to change lenses. With my previous SLR cameras it was often a fight to get the lens out so I could use a different one.The pictures are extremely bright and clear. I love being able to use the automatic mode and them switch to manual. Both are useful for different photographic situations. I tend to prefer automatic when there's lots of action, and I don't have time to decide how to change the settings.The camera feels good in your hand. Even with the heavier lenses, it isn't difficult to hold. The IS (Iso Stabilization) feature is a blessing. I have ruined countless shots with camera shake. Thus far, I've only had one failure and that was when I tried a close up at a very long distance.I recommend this camera highly. It does everything I want it to do. The lenses are easy to install and give have good zoom features. I will keep using the camera and see whether I still love it next year, but I suspect I will still be a fan.
camera|I am still learning a lot about my camera, and I have a long way to go to learn everything possible. But for being my first semi-pro camera it is absolutely wonderful! Very easy to use for a newbie (me) and it takes such beautiful pictures!
camera|This is my second of this model. I had to do a wedding and the second camera was needed. I was very happy with the first one and this doubles my pleasure. For the money it is as good as it gets. The tilting screen is great!
camera|The Canon EOS Rebel T3i is a fantastic camera. It is my first move into the world of "real" cameras. The instruction manual was a bit intimidating at first when one views all the possible functions for the camera. However, it ends up being relatively simple. Certainly it is easy to point, autofocus and shoot. The results are crystal clear and far superior to any camera I've previously owned. I highly recommend it.
camera|As the title says, I hate taking it out of the bag because every time I handle it I want to buy a new accessory for it.It's an amazing camera for an intermediate photographer. Tons of customization and different settings. It's got great photo quality and awesome image stabilization and auto focus. It's an amazing consumer grade DSLR with plenty of ulgradeability to take it even as far as the pro level in time. I highly recommend this camera.
camera|I use the T3i to shoot narrative concert videos on location. The camera gives me several advantages: 1. Flip out LCD makes it easy to compose a shot from all kinds of angles; 2. Audio levels on cam tell me if I'm peaking when recording voice only; 3. Compact size makes it easy to mount on a small rack, then handhold and shoot, then stabilize in CS6. Final product looks like Steadicam work. Also, this cam is very reliable in all sorts of temperatures. Haven't had a single problem with it so far and I don't expect any. I owned the T2i prior to my purchase of the T3i so I knew what I was getting image wise. I would never record music audio direct to camera--I use double-system sound (AKG 220's and R16) and sync with PluralEyes in post. However, with a Rode VideoPro mic, it's fine to record voice only audio straight into camera (no JuicedLink or Beachtek). I counter the AGC argument by running all audio through Adobe's Soundbooth or Audition and strip out hiss, noise, etc. It's amazing how accurate those programs are in cleaning up audio. If you'd like to see the T2i in action, visit[...]. I'll be adding T3i footage soon.
camera|I went from a Canon EOS 30D to the Canon Rebel T3i. I am by no means a camera expert, just a hobbyist. I cannot say how amazing this camera is. Such amazing detail and functionality. It will make you think you are an expert. I will update after a few months but for now, I am in love!9 DAY UPDATE- Still really like this camera. I have noticed that it doesn't want to focus very well in low light sometimes, may be the kit lens I am using or I may not be using the correct setting. Overall very nice camera and fast.
camera|Having had a film EOS years ago I awaited my EOS digital with great expectation. It has not disappointed - from fully auto to creative use it is simply stunning. Shots taken with other cameras simply pale into insignificance. I can hardly wait to experiment further with what is a truly amazing piece of kit,
camera|Great camera for a beginner. Works great in still and video modes. The only thing that the description doesn't give any information about is the type of memory card to be used. In the manual, they say Class 6 (6 MBps) or higher. And I have purchased a 32GB Class 6 SDHC card, and it can only record 640x480 30fps video. But lets be honest, you buy an amazing camera with pretty cool features and why do you want to compromise on some feature that degrades the whole purpose of the camera.But anyways, I did some research about HD video recording on DSLRs and found that even though Class 6 SDHC cards work great with the photos, they don't work for HD videos. And the best memory cards suitable for the HD video recording are supposed to be Class 10 (10 MBps) or higher. And following that I also found that in some cases Class 10 (10 MBps) might also not work. And I did further research for find the apt memory card for HD video would require minimum of 30 MBps data rate (45 MBps would be better). But I had to compromise and buy the 30MBps version which is quite costly (about $95).So, if you are buying this camera for a photography purpose its a wonderful and great camera. But provided the memory card is suitable for HD video recording, the video camera also works great!!.I need not give any more info regarding the image quality and other stuff, they are always there for any camera...I would definitely recommend this for a friend!!
camera|Image Quality:Canon lens, Canon Camera, Canon Quality... what else is there to say?Video Quality:Face it... if all you want to do is create HD video with studio results, you'll be better off with a Canon XH-A1 (or equivalent) as a minimum. But as far as >$1,000 HD cameras go, this is about as good as I've seen for an SD-Card video camcorder. The real bonus is that the recordings have a film look to them compared to the common flat "video look".There are multiple video formats and if you film at the 60 FPS video setting, you can actually produce some cool slow motion effects with a video editing program.Ease of Use:Pros will probably scoff at the large amount of newb presets, but at least everything can be controlled manually. newcomers and hobbiests like myself will like the time-saving presets. Do yourself a favor and read the manual front to back while the battery charges.Low light pictures:Images look great in high, mid, low, and really low light conditions.My only gripe...The Video mode turns off the viewfinder (since light needs to continuously hit the sensor), and the LCD is hard to see in bright daylight, so focusing can be a chore. But this is only a minor gripe.All in all, this is a GREAT camera for the beginner and hobbiest. It's also a very good back up camera for the professional. This is an easy choice to help you transistion from 'snapshot' cameras to professional gear and I've found the video capabilities to be remarkable for a an SD-Card format camcorder.This is a great camera for vacation pics and home movies and all at a great price!UPDATED: (1 Nov, 2011) I need to contradict my earlier review on the video results. This is an incredible camera for capturing 1080P HD video! I have an XH-A1 and after months of shooting video for my company, the T3i consistently outperformed the A1 in video image quality. Better resolution and richer (more accurate) color. Granted the audio isn't on the same level as the A1, but with an external mic, it's records a very clear single channel.
camera|and I can't quit buying them!! I love my Rebels! The T3i is WONDERFUL!! This camera is so easy to use. It takes great pictures on the auto settings and even better ones when you get creative and use the manual settings. My only complaint is that when I am shooting in live mode some pictures appear blurry and sometimes it took longer for the camera to focus....but that was my first real event with the camera, so hopefully I will figure this out!
camera|Oh what fun this camera has been! This was such a splurge for me & I don't regret any of it! I am just a normal girl, no experience in photography, and this takes professional photos (ON AUTO!!!) I cannot say enough great things about this! The video quality feels like you are there, the swivel screen is great! The options are endless on this! You will not regret this purchase-promise!
camera|This is a great camera for taking pictures. However, if you are going to be taking video with it, be aware that one huge defect is that it does not have autofocus. In other words, while you are taking video, you need to manually focus with the lens and this is bothersome. Most point and shoot cameras have autofocus, so since this was my first SLR, I was disappointed to see the lack of this useful feature.I can not say anything negative of the still pictures this camera takes. They are great! But be aware of this deficiency in the video.
camera|Just got my camera the other day and have Used it multiple times now! The image quality is great. It is a light camera that is easy to take anywhere. Right out of the box, it was easy to figure out the settings of th camera and get started quickly.
camera|After having my Sony camera stolen, I searched a long time for something that was similar to it. I went with this camera even though the reviews were pretty mixed. I love it!!! I use it to take pictures of my kids and husband, both of which are action shots. I use it at family functions, in low light, outside...just everywhere. And it never fails me. Don't know how this would work for a professional photographer...but for a mother, wife and memory catcher, it works perfectly!!!
camera|Though the camera takes nice pictures and is in line with the Rebel line my biggest problem was that it developed a power issue after 4 weeks of use. I contacted Canon for a repair and was refused an RMA, their only offer was for me to send it in at my own expense.Canon removed and apparently tossed out my LCD cover I had purchased from Amazon at the same time; they refused to replace or return it.I was a little taken aback that both as a Canon long time registered user and owner of many high end professional Canon products that Canon really felt no need to admit fault or rectify the situation.My daughter is happy to have the camera that was given to her, only to be taken away for repair, back.Having dealt with Nikon's customer service for over a decade through my job I can say that my interaction with Canon has tremendously cooled me on this company.Customer loyalty is a thing of the past and I believe brand loyalty is also on the wane.Keep your all packaging so that you can just return it to Amazon rather than deal with Canon direct or you will end up in the endless customer service loop where they just give you boilerplate and never solve anything.
camera|This camera is everything I hoped for in a beginning professional camera. If you're looking to the basics of photography from aperture, shutter speed, and ISO to lighting and color quality, this is a great beginning camera.
camera|I have a T2i, got this for my fianc&eacute;. Really like the flip out LCD display. Might have some incompatibility with one of the lenses, but, not so sure that's the camera body's fault versus the lens.
camera|I bought this camera when it was $850 and I think it's a steal now with this new price. So the camera has 80% of the things that its bigger brothers have: a gorgeous LCD screen, same processor as other crop sensor cameras, 1080p video recording, wirelessly controlling flashes. It's also lightweight and compact. The kit lens is great, too. Of course you can't compare it to an L-lens, but I think for just $110, it has an unbeatable value/price. I'm now thinking to upgrade to 5d Mark III once it's available and this was my first DSLR, but I can honestly say that it served me very well while I was an amateur. For those of you who are interested in the camera, I strongly recommend buying the 430 Ex II flash as well.Pros:Price1080p videoCompact and lightweightGreat lens for priceCons:Focus points are not as good as the expensive models(which is justified by the price)ISO is usable only until 800
camera|The camera takes great pictures, but using it as a video camera is not always ideal (no stabilizing features). It's like filming with a video camera from the 80's, but you don't buy a camera like this for the video, you buy it for the pictures. The pictures are incredible and I'm still learning all the features that it offers. The quality is great (what you would expect from a Canon). I'm giving it a 5 star review for the pictures. If your buying it for the video I'd give it a 3.
camera|Great camera for the money. Bought it for my wife as smaller Canon SLR forease of use and packing, etc. Nice accompanying camera to our 5D Mark II.
camera|Very intuitive and produces stunning images. The only gripe I have is the video functionality. There is no autofocus on video which is a big hole in its capability
camera|I have an old Canon Rebel bought in 2007 which has 8 MP - pretty impressive 4 years ago, but this 18 MP is amazing! The clarity is so sharp and it is FAST! I use my camera for portrait and sports photography & I couldn't be happier. Since it was in the Rebel family, I did not have to go to the expense of also buying new lenses. The old ones snapped right on & I was good to go. I have been looking for a new camera for several months, researching features and prices. The Rebel T3i had all the right features & as always, Amazon had the best price! The camera is easy to use, controls are placed perfectly and the big 3 inch screen means you don't have to squint to see the menu or your photos. I wasn't really interested in the video aspect of this camera, but I have tried it & I am very happy with it as well. If you are looking for a new camera that an amateur can use to get professional looking portraits or a professional can use with enough creative control to get some great shots then this is the camera to buy!
camera|I purchased this camera a couple of weeks ago and let me tell you. This camera is awesome!It's made me really excited about those upcoming vacations :)UPDATE: It's now been a couple months since I've had this camera and I'm still loving it!I have been experimenting with it and purchased several different lenses (sigma 18-250, Canon 60mm macro, canon 50mm f1.8.) I recently took some beautiful sunset pictures which i added to the product images.I hope you will enjoy this camera as much as I am.
camera|This is my first dslr after using lots of different point & shoot from canon & nikons. I am very much happy with how much I can control different aspects of the photo. Well I am still learning so can't say much about anything else. I have small hands and this fits perfectly into it.
camera|I stepped up to this DSLR to gain high resolution and greater flexibility in photos. I still have much to learn but so far it is really easy to take great high resolution photos on the basic automatic setting that are available.
camera|I've had the camera for approximately 1 month and its great thus far. Pictures are absolutely fantastic and it takes pictures fast. I have a 20 month old and there are moments when I want to capture it but with point and shoot cameras it was a hassle. By the time it starts up the moment is gone. With the T3i I flick the switch to on push the button and snap the picture is taken. I am still learning all the features of the camera so if you are new to the SLR game, as I am, there will be plenty to keep you busy. I have shot a few quick movies with it and the playback is great as well as the quality of the HD recording.If you are looking for a huge step above a point and shoot digital camera then this is your camera. Its more bulky when compared to a point and shoot but for the quality of pictures it takes its well worth the added weight.
camera|Decided it was time to upgrade from the original Canon Digital Rebel - the 6.3MP version. The new 18MP machine comes with image stabilizer lens, is more compact but still comfortable to hold, takes all the Canon image-stabilizing (or non-IS) lenses, and the flip-out screen can be turned to suit your position for live viewing. Bunches of options for maximal control; this camera has matured nicely -- It is a work of art!
camera|this a great dslr for me.. my sister has a canon t2i w/ the same resolution of 18MP.. but as my friends, and other says compared to t2i this is way much better. the resolution is clear and crisp it exctly captures the real color and moments as if you seen it as it exactly happens right before your own eyes.. plus it easy to use bec. of the text help on screen when you changes the focus and type of shots you wanted im not a prof. photographer im just a traveler who loves to take pics anywhere i go. plus the swivel screen is very nice addition to it too. when your not using it you can turn it the other way around & it wont get any scrathches. also its very easy to understand for a person who only knows how to use a digicam. without even reading the manual you can easily grasp its use and functions. for me its the best dslr in its aspects of the shots resolution and its mobility not to heavy or bulky to bring for a frequent traveler who loves to capture every moments.
camera|I've had this camera now for about a year. I have never once regretted my purchase. Even when I see people with 7D's and 5DMKII's, I am still thoroughly happy with this camera. I even wrote some articles on my blog about it.Why I like it:1 - light-weight... yes, most pros will decry the plastic body, but for me, I've begun to see this as a plus. The camera is a lot lighter than the Canon metal bodied cameras, and has survived a couple nasty falls with no damage. I try to shoot with a tripod as much as possible, but most of the time, I just don't have time to mess with a tripod - the lighter weight helps.2 - Specs are more than just "good enough"... the specs, when lined up with the 7D are still quite impressive. The only real trade-offs are slightly slower bursts, and a few less focus points. Sensor sizes are nearly identical, and they share the same processor - leading me to believe the t3i's slightly lowered specs are artificial software limits.3 - It's versatile... it does great for both video and stills, even boasting a few better features not found on the 7D (or even 5DMKII for that matter). Also, if you are bold enough to try the Magic Lantern firmware add-on you really get your money's worth - especially for video.
camera|Great for the beginner like my wife who sets it on full auto and takes great pictures of our gymnast and great for the intermediate like me who prefers many of the great manual functions for added effects and picture quality.
camera|This camera just does so many things and so easy. I find something new each time I use it. I took 166 images of a youth basketball game. Every shot was in focus. Scenery shots are great.
camera|So I'm a film student and I decided to upgrade from my Panasonic DVX100A camcorder to something that can do HD. T3i is a really good camera for the price and for what it is. For film this camera is awesome, it has option for an external mic and I would recommend this model over the T2i because of the swivel screen but also for the manual audio controls. The T3i is definitely modeled more for film than the T2i. I heard T2i does well if you get magic Lantern but I didn't want to have to hack my camera software to get the benefits of audio controls that the T3i already has built in. The T3i gives plenty of options for filming it has 1080p 24p, or 720p 60p, and some others that I wasn't interested in. I just care about the film look and some higher frame per seconds to do some super nice slow motion. The benefits of filming with the T3i is that you can interchange the lens and really add more to your cinematography. The only downside to the camera when it comes to filming is that there is about a 12-15 min cap on how long you can film one continuous clip in Full HD, if the clip exceeds 4 gb in size the camera will automatically stop recording, although recording back to back is not a problem, just an inconvenience that make camcorders still the leading cameras for broadcasting. This camera is not ideal for filming events but good for making narratives. The quality is amazing and has convenient controls to change shutter speeds and aperture and ISO. For filming this camera is superior to its Nikon competitor Nikon D3100. For Photography this camera does pretty well, its 18 mp picks up clear and crisp pictures it has a ISO range from 100-6400, but beware that ISO 3200-6400 the pictures have considerable noise. It shoots 3.7 pictures per sec and has a max shutter of 1/1000 not bad a little less than the 60D and 7D but it shares the same sensor as them, it is a great camera if you're learning photography or wanting to get into video. Easy to use has a good interface and comfortable grip. and sturdy build.
camera|I was going to purchase this camera on base due to no taxes. However, the price that Amazon has is $100 cheaper than on base. The camera is awesome and takes great pictures. I haven't got to use the video function too much yet but can't wait to start using it. :)
camera|This camera has pretty much gone above and beyond my expectations. Very easy to use, lightweight, portable, and great image quality. The articulated screen is both useful and very clear. The only major downsides for me is the small grip, and lack of a dedicated AF assist lamp. But these are pretty minimal for how great it is (and that it's not a pro level camera).The lens is good all around for a starting kit lens, and has served me well, but you might be better off investing in a quality lens right off the bat, as these will stick with you longer than a camera body (something like a 17-50 or 55 f/2.8 as a walk around). Also, the zoom is loose, so the lens extends by itself when angled downwards.I would recommend reading over in-depth reviews though if you are serious about buying a DSLR as short reviews like this probably won't do them justice.
camera|This is an amazing camera. In comparison to the T1i I was just using before, the T3i has much better resolution and performs amazingly well in low light. It has inspired me to take a course once I'm done working in an outlying area of beautiful Alaska!
camera|Overall this is an outstanding DSLR camera. I had compared this to the Nikon D5100 and am really glad this one won out. Even with the kit lens the picture quality is outstanding, and the menu functions are very easy to use. The menu/navigation on the Canon is far easier to use than is the Nikon, and I found the picture quality to be superior on the Canon as well.This camera was my first jump from the mirrorless to the DSLR world and I am definately not disappointed. The kit lens is good (I got the 18-55mm), although I have been lens shopping and the kit lens is just part of my case now. However, it still gets used almost as frequently as any other.The IS system is great, and eliminates a need for a tripod for mid shutter speeds. I have some steady hands so I can go lower than most, but friends have used the camera and gotten some really sharp shots at slow speeds that would be impossible with older cameras.Overall an outstanding buy and a camera that will, thanks to the EOS lens system, grow with you. I am not noticing any differences between my pictures and those taken with the 'mid-level' cameras that are twice the price. Buy and you won't be disappointed.
camera|CANON REBEL T3i is amazing, its pictures are great and seems to be taken by professionals even if you are a normal user. Auto focus and image stabilizer makes the shooting easier. It has many modes and built in filters. I highly recommend this camera.
camera|As an indie filmmaker I find the Rebel T3i to be just right for my need. When it comes to cameras yes of course they're several of them that can out perform T3i but people need to remember that you shouldn't allow technology limit your imaginations. For that I found T3i perfect to express my imaginations
camera|I am a Noob in photography, only been taking pictures for last 3 years. But this camera serves me well.The only thing I don't like about the XTi, XSi, T1i, T2i, T3i is the body is too small to get a good grip, mind you have small asian hand. So I bought a battery grip, hope that will help. For other things, it scores perfect in every criteria.
camera|I bought this camera about six months ago and I love it. Take the cons with a grain of salt considering this camera's pricePros:-Articulating screen makes shooting at odd angles easier- Relatively inexpensive price for a good selection of features-Video quality is great (if you really want good video go with the T4I instead)-Good button layoutCons:-This camera isn't meant for fast-moving subjects because it shoots a low amount of frames per second.-Picture starts to get grainy around ISO 800, noticeably grainy at 1600 and unusable above that amount even with heavy editing.-No audio jack, which makes it hard to monitor audio levels without external equipment. Very few cameras have an audio jack and are high-end models.Overall, this is an excellent camera and is a good first DSLR. I plan to upgrade to a 7D or 5D mark iii once I have the money.
camera|I purchased this as both an upgrade for stills and to compliment my Canon HF G10 for video. I'll start by saying that it's a great still camera - no surprises really. It's as good as the other entry level Canon's. The "creative" features are a little silly if you ask me, but easily ignored.Video: The quality (using my 85mm 1.8) truly is outstanding. Go watch some semi-pro stuff on Vimeo - this camera can hang with most stuff there. Manual focusing is a real trick - and on that alone, I would not recommend this as a video camera for the casual videographer. I wish there were some settings between Auto and Manual (like aperture priority, shutter priority, etc). Full manual is simply too much work for many situations, and the full auto leaves something to be desired. I also wish they had put more energy into the audio. You cannot monitor the audio while recording (with either headphones or even audio levels). A level is visible while setting the record level, but not while recording. This oversight really puts a damper on the camera for me, and I have a hard time believing that it would really have increased the cost too much to simply add a headphone jack.I use the Rode VMP, and have had some difficulty getting the audio just right. The onboard mic is garbage. I have not gotten around to trying my other mics (lapel, wireless). Get ready to spend a lot of time getting the settings just right.Still, my overall opinion of the camera is good. I intend to use it to compliment the G10 (a terrific all around video camera). The T3i does static shots very well (think: interviews). The depth of field available is amazing and it performs well for artistic shots (just be prepared to spend time learning how to follow focus). As to general video shooting and anything handheld, I'll stick to my G10.UPDATE: I'm quickly becoming spoiled by the quality of the video on the T3i. I find that I rarely use the G10 anymore. The quality of the video on this DSLR is really something and I've got the VMP figured out (+20 gain on the mic, and manual audio on the camera set at 8 or 9 clicks above zero). I also shoot exclusively in 24p. On the T3i, this is amazing. I do find that I'm switching back and forth between a 1.4 30mm and the 1.8 85mm a lot (it's way harder to just move back and forth with video than with stills). Still, it's all about the prime lens with this camera. I'd recommend at least getting a cheap 1.8 50mm.
camera|I've had this camera for over 6 months. I upgraded from the Canon Xsi, and can definitely tell the difference in photo quality between the two cameras. I am a beginner photographer, so I really don't know much about the technicalities of the camera. But if you're just going into photography, this would be a good camera. It's not quite a professional grade camera, but it's a good step up from the cameras below it. The T3i also has movie mode, and an LCD screen that flips out-I love those features because I did not have them on my previous to dslrs. I've had to problems so far with the camera. Very pleased with the performance of the camera so far.
camera|The reason I decided on the T3i was because of the reviews. I was not disappointed and thought to write one myself. I needed a camera for a medical trip I was taking to Port-au-Prince Haiti. I had some narratives that I wanted to capture while working there and knew that a good camera was needed.The purchase was my first quality DSLR camera. As a psychologist I am often amused by the mental/emotional attachment we give to things like tools, PC, and cars... I feel like I need this dang thing with me all the time, it holds a high level of mental attachment for me.As a first time DSLR user my learning curve was about 3-7 days for functions and creative quality shots. (But that was just to get walking and functioning, I continue to read and learn.) The auto modes of course require very little learning curve travel.On my PC when I zoom in on some of the shots I took I am amazed at the depth and resolution. One landscape picture easily becomes 100s with the right software. One shot I took over some of the Haitian rubble was of a group of teens shouting and waving at me. They were a bit less than  mile away. I waved back. When I blew the shot up, whoops. One of the boys was giving me a particular hand gesture common to most NJ drivers.Today I am off to buy my 11 year old son his own good camera, not a T3i. He has taken some excellent shots with the T3i and has begun to own my camera.Final thoughts: Canon "L" series optics/lenses make this great camera, exceptional!Canon EF 24-70mm f/2.8L USM Standard Zoom Lens for Canon SLR Cameras
camera|I bought this for astrophotography and was pleasantly impressed by its capabilities. The built in ISO noise reduction and Long exposure noise reduction make it a great DSLR for astrophotography. The adjustable screen display is another great feature that prevents me from having to crane my neck to look through the view finder when it is attached to mt telescope. I have taken pictures of the Sombrero Galaxy, Pinwheel Galaxy, Orion Nebulea, Saturn, Jupiter, venus, and many others. It also great for regular photography as well. Over all a great camera!
camera|This is my 1st SLR.It is an excellent camera.18-135mm lens is pretty good for amateur photographyIt is pretty light in weight.
camera|This is my first DSLR and I love it! Everything is just fantastic. The only two things I dislike is that you need a remote shutter in order to use the "Bulb" mode, and the kit lens is just ok. But besides that, Its 100% greatness!
camera|We've really enjoyed the t3i. It's perfect for the consumer that wants exceptional photos. We wanted something that an excellent auto mode for quick shots of our children and this camera does a great job. If we want to take the time and dial in a manual setting it's easy to do as well. The one draw back is no continual auto focus in movie mode. If a subject is moving in and out of the foreground this may not be the right tool for the job.
camera|All I expected it to be. I am a beginner and it is ready to shoot beautiful pictures right out of the box.
camera|I bought it for a month, it works very well and i love it very much. I want to tell other person to buy this product.
camera|Bought this for two reasons:1. As a backup camera to my Canon 5D Mark II, and2. As an APS-C 1.6 focal length multiplier to complement my various full frame lenses, thereby giving me a lot more focal length options.Works great. Image quality is great. Obviously not as robust as the 5D Mk II but overall a very good camera for the price. There are controls quibbles that I have with all Canon cameras as their controls layouts simply do not compare favorably to my Nikons. However, all cameras involve trade-offs of one kind or another--these are things that you just cope with and move on.Overall, a very good camera for the price.
camera|The interface of this camera is much clearer than the 60D. Even though it can still be improved.I don't like the Lock button on the 60D that you have to press down before you can change mode (from Tv to Av for example).Image quality is practically the same between the 2 cameras. This is the key consideration for me.
camera|Canon EOS Rebel T3i 18 MP CMOS Digital SLR Camera and DIGIC 4 Imaging with EF-S 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 IS LensI purchased this camera for a upgrade for my Canon EOS Rebel T1i. I am amazed at the picture quality and ease of use. However, for a first time EOS user there will be a learning curve. The included Canon software is fantastic and one does not need to purchase any from another company. Although the kit lens, 18-55mm is adequate, better results will be obtained from optional Canon lenses.I also highly recommend the optional Canon Battery Grip BG-E8. When attached to the bottom of the camera it makes the camera more stable to hold and when two batteries are used, one does not have to worry about running out of battery power during extended shoots.A beginner can leave the camera set on "automatic" and let the camera do all the work, however an advanced photographer can use other settings and control the results more to their liking. Although I take mostly still photos, I am impressed with the video results. I would highly recommend this camera to anyone who is seriously interested in digital photography.However, I would give Amazon shipping very low marks for shipping an expensive camera to me without a signature required upon delivery! The camera was left at my front door in the Florida heat for anyone to steal!
camera|Great Price ... Great Lens (135mm) and Great shots...Video auto focus not so hot but in Video quality super!
camera|Great camera, good price, and it takes great pictures. It is easy to use, although I have barely scratched the surface on all the features.
camera|This was my first try on any DSLR camera. Had the T2i for my brother last year and used it for a bit. But not a complete go through.After a thorough research on all Canon cameras out there (did not try nikon as out of budget), preferred this over some higher ends and better prices compared to the lower end ones.Pros: Good picture quality, great lenses available (using 18-55 and 55-250mm IS II), Good screen functions, Great manual functionality.Cons: A bit on the heavier side, Body looks a bit dull but is solid, Some settings not available as compared to some higher versions(which is not actually a con but i felt they could have added it)Requirements: A tripod, External Flash (if clicking many night photos), Remote controller...Get these get better picture qualities.All-in-all a good product at a great price...
camera|I though all digital cameras around 10 megapixels would be the same. No way this baby is amazing our 10 month old son looks so much better on this than with any other digital camera we have ever owned. That includes some of the canon mid rang units like the s10.It is Rey easy to use on auto, but also has millions of custom options which we are still learning. I would absolutely recommend this camera to friends and family.
camera|Feeling constrained by my point and shoot and having played around with friends' DSLRs I decided I wanted to take this step, but its not for everyone.Is it for you? Its not worth getting a DSLR in general if your just going to keep it on auto-shot and really you don't get much from the camera if you do so, especially considering how large it is. If your just looking for better image quality I'd say go for a mirrorless interchangeable lens or "compact system" camera (as they call it on amazon)but if your willing to learn ( or through trial and error) you can get stunning and beautiful shots in conditions you never thought possible, I have really been breath taken by some of the photos as they appear for the first time on my computer monitor, then my jaw really dropped again when I started shooting in RAW format and editing in photoshop, but again, you have to be willing to tinker with settings/modes and eventually lenses, but once you do so you'll never want to go back. Well now that your looking at entering the field of semipro/ enthusiasts photography this is one of, if not, the best entry cameras you can get. The camera delivers in almost every front, in terms of image quality, options, versatility, and only falls slightly short on its continuous shooting rate, as well as the auto focus can and will fail in low light and tricky conditions, this can simply be overridden by manual focus which isn't difficult once you get the hang of it. If you can afford it, get a new lens, the lens this comes paired with is decent but the auto focus is slow. Cannon (as well as 3rd party companies like sigma) have a huge range of great lenses and while lenses are expensive, keep in mind they will last a lot longer then the camera itself. Moving on, the flip screen is very useful for low/ high angles and I've taken some interesting backwards shots. In terms of video, the built in microphone is good for what it is, but if your a little serious, you want to grab and external mic, which it does have support for. Now the only tricky thing in video is that it does not have continuous autofocus, so time to beef up that manual focus skill. It has a HDMI out, so you can view directly on your TV, and the neat software by cannon allows you to view and control your camera through your computer when its hooked via USB. The battery lasts for ages and can be swapped out, the flash provided is fine but is rarely used as it makes most situations harsh without the ability to control the strength like an attached flash does/some DSLRs(it does have a standard mount. finally I wish this camera had GPS for geotaging pictures, not essential but would be nice.In Review, this is a great camera, and will get you very far in photography, with few limitations except your own knowledge and imagination.
camera|I was actually looking for point and shot camera that has1. Rotating screen2. Large zoom3. Good quality of images taken at day and night4. Good quality video5. Fast performance6. Relatively small size7. Reasonable priceI used to have Canon Pro1, that had everything I wanted, but it was incapable of delivering acceptable images at low light condition. Unfortunately, there are no cameras exist on the today's market that would satisfy above requirements. So, I have bought this Canon T3i DSLR and have compromised on size and weight. It does everything very well, and produces great images in auto modes. One day I may decide to learn manual modes, if I have have nothing else to do.
camera|I am long time buyer of Canon DSLR cameras (since the Canos EOS 300D). As aways, canon managed to improve what was already good. The Canon T3i is a great camera.
camera|The Rebel T3i is an excellent camera if you want good professional photography and professional movie making on a budget. I will note, however, some issues I have run into so you are aware they exist and plan accordingly.MOVIE MAKINGSome people (myself included) get this camera for the ability to shoot 24p, 30p and 60p movies through a large lens into a large sensor, which in the world of pro video cameras would cost you many times more, all the above being equal.POWEROne thing I would like to tell you from the start is that if you get a 6 battery add-on power pack for this camera, plan to use it for photos only. For movies, you will go through a battery magazine in a few minutes!Find the AC adapter to use the camera straight from wall power for movies. Such an adapter is available right here on Amazon to buy separately and it will save you lots of frustration, recharge waiting time and battery costs.FLASH (for photos)The MK off-camera remote flashes are well worth the investment, because they will give you the ability to capture amazing photos by experimenting with lighting, color, exposure and shadows.ENHANCEMENTSYou will focus manually when shooting movies with a DSLR, but that is OK because you want to use this camera especially for movie effects such as close-ups or dialogues while pulling focus. A follow-focus device will help here. They range from a few hundred dollars to a plastic strip with a handle on eBay for $14, and an upcoming "$50 follow focus" Hondo Garage project to be released soon. All the above devices other than the eBay cheap solution will require a $120-300 rig. To make your rig look impressive (if you film for clients) and to enhance your movie making ability, add a matte box that holds filters or at least one that works as a shade.Zebra stripes, HDR, more control, etcOne gray market utility that greatly enhances photo shooting and movie making is a firmware sidegrade called Magic Lantern. I've used it with no glitches.Tripod, dollyThink Ravelli and Peartree, both available here on Amazon.Lights and studio backdropsYou will want a perfect white, black and green background, and the key to success is good and ample lighting. Neweer and Cowboy Studio among others, here on Amazon.By now you're realizing that making movies on a Canon Rebel T3i is neither cheap nor hassle free. However, it beats spending $15,000 for a cinema camera that needs $600 storage media and a $3000 lens.The lens included in this kit (18-55mm) is excellent for most purposes, and appears to be a favorite for making movies. In pictures it has a slight corner distortion at the widest angle setting, which may go unnoticed unless someone's face happens to be there. Overall, considering the awesome savings and the ability to work like a movie director without a Holywood budget, highly, highly recommended.TIPIf you use another camera to capture other parts of your movie, and the T3i just for the high quality portions (close-ups, pulling focus, dialogues, faces, etc) then make sure you shoot at the same frame rate or close (if your other camera is 29.97 / 60i then use this camera at 30p (closest setting) and interpolate the footage from the other one so both are progressive before combining them. Also do a white balance on both cameras right before shooting.TWEAKINGThis Canon (with minor adjustments and a little patience) can match footage shot on most other cameras if you need to work with 2 cameras; at least it matches my Canon and Panasonic pro video cameras close enough so people can't tell that two or more completely different cameras were used.CONCLUSIONExcellent deal for photographers; a godsent for indie movie makers.
camera|After purchasing the camera, I never thought I would ever use the video recording function even though it has the capabilities of recording in full 1080HD. But then I was asked to help out with a school video project, a campaign called I Love HC. Needless to say, I decided to use my T3i. The quality is awesome. Here is a link to the video so you can see for yourself! [...]
camera|I make video Documentary Films, I have worked with the Canon 7d, canon 60d and with the T3i. In video quality and functionality the 3 cameras provide me the same. In my personal opinion i like the t3i the most. The price is a good reason to buy this camera, but also this camera is smaller and lighter (maybe more fragile at the same time). But so far does the job and never cease to impress me. My recommendation is to spend the money in better lens and not in expensive cameras like the 7D ( FOR VIDEO PORPOISES)
camera|I'm a film student and was trying to decide between a t3i and Nikon 5100. everyone tells me that Nikon has a better lenses, but when it comes down to it you can buy any lens for your camera. the 600d has better continuous recording, you have better manual capabilities. after a lot research i decided to go with the canon, i went with a t3i and not a t2i for the flip around screen. i shoot in awkward positions sometimes and it defiantly comes in handy. i would recommend this camera over any one on the market and shoots great in low lighting settings. all the controls fit my hand nicely and it feels natural. my favorite thing is the dedicated iso button making it easy to change quickly.
camera|I haven't even had a month with the T3i yet and already I can tell it was money VERY well spent. As many of you are probably doing now, I had to decide which brand, then which model to pick. It was a tough choice, for the longest time I was trying to decide between the Nikon D3100 and the Canon T2i, but for just a little bit more, you get a nice flip-out high resolution screen, remote flash firing, and a few other goodies with the T3i. I'm not a photographer. In fact, I had absolutely no interest in photography until just recently. This is my first DSLR camera, and it's perfect for me. it has enough settings and features so I won't become easily bored, or "grow out" of it, yet it has a great feature guide that tells you what each mode should be used for (fully customizable of course). The 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 Image Stabilized (IS) Kit lens that it comes with is perfect for getting used to the camera. It's good for those relatively close up group shots, or portraits. Even very small subjects can be brought into focus with this lens. And when your'e ready to upgrade, the 55-250mm IS lens is very reasonably priced (that's what I plan to get next anyway). I would recommend getting a SanDisk Extreme SD card to go with this (at least 8gb). OH! one last thing, the HD movie mode. That was another huge selling point for this camera. Although the Nikon D3100 AND the Canon T2i both have 1080p HD video recording, they do NOT have inputs for an external microphone. For some this might not be a big deal at all, but it's always a nice thing to have if you should want to dabble in the cinematography world in the future.Overall, GREAT camera, I would recommend it to anyone.
camera|I got the Rebel T3i because I'm going into photography and thought it would be a great starter. It is FANTASTIC! I got it ahead of schedule from Amazon, got the free backpack, filter and SDHD card free and it all worked! It was a serious gift to get the camera when I did, because I was doing some serious shooting that day and my Cannon point and shoot just didn't cut it.About the camera:-Its a Cannon, I would never use a different brand, ever. Its functions are mind-blowing! There are complaints about flash, how it was made with cheap plastic and all that nay-saying but if you're going to spend your money, get this camera!-Best pictures I've ever gotten. For someone who takes as many pictures as I do, quality is important.-I thought it would be heavy or difficult to use, but in an hour I had it mastered, and I think my point-and-shoot is heavier.-The 18-55mm lens is excellent, and I can't wait to purchase more.Bottom Line:Shell out the money, get the 18MP version, and never take bad pictures again!
camera|This is our first DSLR camera and it's a great on for beginners. It's easy to open and start using right out of the box, but there are also plenty of features to play with and learn about as we go.
camera|The product was packaged very nicely and arrived on schedule. Camera clicks great photos with visible difference as compared to my non SLR camera. Great product and easy to use
camera|OK there are tons of reviews of this camera, so I'll keep it brief.Excellent photo quality! Controls... are OK, not as good as the 60D series, but it's cheaper.I do not like the fact that unlike my old t1i, the screen doesn't go off when you get your eye up to the viewfinder. The focus is slow and not so good when using the tilt screen in video mode. Despite those shortcomings I still like the camera and the low light capability, both photos and videos is amazing.
camera|I did a little bit of research before buying this camera... This is my first DSLR and still learning to utilize its all features.... I went for this combination (camera and lens) because I am just an amateur photographer and don't want to swivel around lenses when i want to take pictures.. With this range (18-135) well, you can capture most of the things you want to capture, far and near.. I am pretty much satisfied with it.. but in the near future, i might as well get a 75-300mm lens.. ( I see pictures of moon taken by my friends with high range telephoto zoom lens and get jealous ! ). There are a few issues like the video does not have auto focus and in the low light, AF takes time...In short, I am happy with my investment.
camera|I love this camera. This is my second camera from Canon and I am never let down with the quality of items. The image quality was outstanding. The battery life was long even when shooting in live mode or recording video. One thing i did notice was that the video file size was rather large even when not shooting in 1080p. That was the only real dissatisfaction I had with this camera. One of my favorite features is the flip out screen. You never realize how much you utilize it till you have the option. The ISO range is fantastic and makes it easy to shoot in low light without using flash. The menu is user friendly, as always, and the settings are all easy to use. I am extremely happy with my purchase and would recommend it to anyone, pro or beginner
camera|so far so good... I will be taking this cam to OSH 2011 to shoot aircraft... I use it daily at KHNB to shoot aircraft...I did a complete review of available camera's on the market in the middle of June in 2011 and the T3i came in tops for these tax dollars to be spent on something that will be around for a long time!!
camera|Wonderful camera. First srl I bought. New to photography and surprised how great pictures look with little experience already. easy to use.
camera|I'm very new to DSLR and to shooting with anything but auto mode. At first I decided on the Nikon 5100 because I've always like my coolpix, my relatives own Nikon DSLRs (higher end), and the wonderful reviews online. I ended up returning that one because the LCD goes black when turning it 180 deg. after only a week of shooting and felt discouraged after reading about Nikon customer service rating online. My friend suggested Canon "easier to learn if you are new to DSLR" she said.Somehow, after playing with the controls and reading the manual that came with this camera, it made me realized why and how people would use manual, Av, Tv, P mode. (I thought it would be too to complicated and cumbersome to do when I had the Nikon). This camera is very intuitive, you can change desired settings without taking your eyes off your subject. I think it will be easy to always remember how to change the main settings.Now I am excited about learning composition,exposure, etc and improve my picture taking skills.Btw, had a chance to compare the portrait of my daughter I took with the d5100 (P mode) vs the t3i, this kit lens (18-55) seem to be very sharp, with accurate skin tone. I got worried at first because I think I prefer a softer look of skin tone, like her skin with the d5100 ( like it was airbrush, although it seems to have more red tones from d5100, not sure if I like that). Luckily ,there is a setting I can adjust for a softer look in different degrees on this camera. THIS definitely is a keeper.
camera|This is a great all-round camera. I particularly bought it for DSLR movies. With it's Hi-definition options, it takes great quality movies, and while it is an entry level camera, I see the results quite impressive and in several setups will give you undistinguished results when compared to the 5d markII. Improvement in low light situations would help in the next model, but it is something you can easily work around. All in all, great value for money.
camera|i wanted to get a dslr just for general picture taking (family, pets, my shoe collection, etc..) i was thorn between the canon t3i and nikon d5100.. after doing research and reading hundreds of reviews, i went with the canon t3i.. when i first got it, i was really intimidated with all the buttons.. so right now i'm mostly shooting at auto while learning how to manually operate it.. it's smaller and lighter than i expected.. i use the tilt swivel lcd screen a lot, it's really useful when taking pictures at an angle.. i know i still have a lot to learn but so far i'm loving this camera!!i can't review the video because i still don't know how to do it!!PROS:high quality pictures.. the difference between a point and shoot and this camera is very obvious when it comes to quality!!good grip!!swivelling lcd screen!!creative filters!! i love the miniature effect!!great for all around photography!!makes you look like a pro when you walk around with it!!user friendly!!CONS:the price!! i bought the lens kit for 795.. OUCH!! but i don't regret it!!battery life!! battery life is not really that bad, but you might wanna buy an extra battery if you're gonna shoot all day!!
camera|Out of all gadgets I have, This one tops any I ever purchased. I'm going to try & be quick about reviewing this camera, but I'm very very excited about this one. I personally think canon did an excellent job in designing this. This is my first SLR camera. I'm use to sony products & don't knock there camera's, & I love their camcorders... but to find an all around camera & camcorder... is unusual. First of all this is a very economical good sized, & comfortable great feeling camera.. very powerful HD 1080p video & picture effects. Very easy to use, can use for a point & shoot right out of box. That's not really why I bought it, I bought this after doing a lot of research 6mths prior to buying. Even though I had in mind what I was going to purchase. I did'nt see or read reviews on this until the end of April 2011. So this had'nt been out much longer than that. This seemed right a way everything I was looking for in a slr camera + more. If you don't no how to use this, as soon as you turn it on there is information on lcd screen which ever dial mode you use right there... so for the beginner this is just great. I already have some knowledge of camera's. The dof on this camera is amazing along with other things you can do to manually control what you're looking to achieve in pictures & movies. I have some very professional depth of field shots off this camera. The t3i came out with the flip out LCD screen in which works great when filming or taking pics high or low from eye level. The camera before this one was the t2i, which did not have the flip out screen. This also has good 3x to 10x zoom you have to set up if you choose to go that route, I use this on occassions, so it's good to know you can do this. You do need extra batteries & lenses that will make this such a professional camera. The battery grip is another option that I personally needed & suggest to add more time to battery life, this doubles a single battery use. I feel this camera is best used in as much manual control as possible, the automatic functions are great... but ( OH ) the depth you can get into using manual control is never ending. I've takin some very breathtaking photo's on some half dead flowers outside my house & this camera made these flowers look so professional, I'm blowing up some of these to 19 by 24 photo's & you would have never known this was takin from half dead flowers... we are going to hang these up on our front entrance way to dining area. There is so much to the canon eos t3i, I can't even attempt to tell how much fun I'm having & purchasing more accessories with it... This was a great choice... Highly Recommend... A+A+A+A+.
camera|I have had the opportunity to use this camera in low light, bright light and action. It outperforms any other camera I have ever owned and I have a professional Canon D10 that will sit on the shelf from now on. I am extraordinarily happy with the product and the service in getting the camera to me. It arrived quickly and I was able to use it right away.
camera|Good camera. I did a lot of research beforehand and asked friends about their experience. This camera is what I expected so that's a good thing.
camera|The 600D / T3i is a excellent camera from canon, read below the good and bad things about T3i*********The Good********No noise at base ISO / Usable Images up to ISO 3200vari-angle High res-displayFull HD at selectable frame rates and HD movie @ 60FPSKit Lens image quality is also improved compared to canon old non-IS kit lenses********The Bad**********Camera struggle to do AF when live view is on,I always use viewfinder for shooting my images and live view display is useless to me due to the AF issueNo AF during movie modelot of hot / stuck pixel issue with my 600D/T3i
camera|I love Canon! I have had a few cameras before this one including a few 14 megapixel cameras and this by far blew them out of the water. The clarity and the range that this camera gave me was like no other camera that I have had before. There are a few reasons that I would equate this camera with the best on the market but I cannot say it in only one sentence so here it goes; the good first, then the bad.PROS:First of all the QUALITY that you get for your money when it comes to Canon products is by far the best deal that you will get when it comes to excellent camera equipment. I bought an SLR from Nikon a few year back thinking that the saving would come in handy. However I did not expect the camera to have so many problems! Automatic focus would never work correctly, the white balance was always atrocious even after I would fix it continuously. It just seems like anything that could go wrong went wrong with that camera. That is why now I SWEAR BY THE SUPERIOR QUALITY OF CANON. The last 3 cameras I have owned have been Canon and I willnever go back.Enough with Canon, now this specific camera. The 18.0 MP CMOS sensor was definitely a step up for me. You could see the difference in high-fidelity when it came to the HD images. I was blown away by the processor speed as well. You rarely had to wait more than a few seconds in between shots and the DIGIC lived up to its hype among enthusiasts.The ISO which is denoting the realized speed was AWESOME. Not only was it versatile but the bright to dim modifications that you could change in the setting really set this camera apart in my opinion.This thing is FAST! I love it when electronic equipment can work at the same pace as my brain does, when I am taking pictures the last thing I want to think about is waiting on the camera to finish loading. Not with this. Canon got this right, this could also have a lot to do with the new innovative processor.I had been looking to invest in a camera for a long time. I love taking my camera out at the most inopportune moments and taking pictures of things that no one else would see the art behind. I was really inspired by my sister's camera choice a year back. She chose the Canon EOS but it was a different model then the one here.Another thing that I loved about this camera was the SCREEN SIZE! I love a big screen when I take pictures, it helps me put a scene or object into perspective better in my mind. Don't ask me why or how, it just does. By being able to see the picture that I took on such a large screen, I also can see what I need to improve in the picture and what I need to keep the same.Also, keeping with the screen, the menu options were so simple! I am a guy so the last thing I want to do is open up a manual but this thing to into account people of all skill levels!Speaking of pictures! THIS CAMERA TAKES EXTRAORDINARY PICTURES! Was cap locks necessary? Yes it was. Obviously your thinking, umm, yes of course this camera would take good pictures with the price your paying for it. But as I have looked around online this price point isn't too bad in relation to some other sites online.STARTLING VIDEO QUALITY! Ok I love to talk about this feature of the camera because I love the video camera on this camera. First off, a few weeks back there was an interview with the Japanese CEO of Canon asking him why Canon was seemingly breaking into the video industry when they were already the front-runner in quality when it came to still photography. He said that Canon would like to experiment with adding their quality into the video sector of the industry. Now if I was Sony I would be scrambling to get my cards together because if Canon starts breaking into the video industry you can guarantee that Sony is going to lose a lot of capital with their main competitor increasing their inventory capabilities. When asked if Canon would ever give up its still camera quality to pursue video the CEO said without hesitation that there is no way that Canon would ever stop innovating and improving their cameras. That is there roots and what has made them great and they will never give that up. This is good news for all you purists out there that just want to take beautiful pictures and leave the video to Hollywood and family time.CONS:DSLR's are BIG! Yes, I know, you didn't see that coming did you? Well, it's true and it definitely rears its head when you are at a amusement park or on a long trip and you have to haul your camera around everywhere with you. This isn't such a bad thing when you're going somewhere, like a wedding, to specifically take pictures but it can be definitely a hindrance when you're trying to move fast. If this doesn't bother you then more power to you, it bothers me. However, I knew how big this camera was when I got it and I still got it because the PROS DEFINITELY OUTWAY THE CONS IN MY OPINION. Also, if you have children around then I say BE CAREFUL. My kids almost broke this camera a few times which would have been a horrible thing. Just make sure if you're going to buy this camera that it fits your lifestyle or you can conform that to fit your camera.The battery life is pretty short on this. I love to take a lot of pictures, upload them online and then edit them or delete depending on how good they are. This battery life was a little hard to do that with because you need to prioritize which pictures you want uploaded before the battery shuts off. This may seem like a pretty bad thing to some but once you have a routine down, like I do now, then it generally gets easier to gauge how much battery life you need to do certain things.These two things are probably the biggest things that I would criticize about this camera. This camera is as close to perfect as its going to get, on a budget, in my opinion.Summary:Life is about give and take and I believe this camera takes the least for your money. I would love to tell you about every single little detail that I love or hate about this camera but I have told you the most important things in my opinion. Feel free to critique anything I said if you don't agree or post questions in the reply if you want more information, I would love to tell you. I have had this for about 4 months now and I will never go back to a point and shoot, this camera is the real deal and I give it a 5 starts easily.Happy buying!!
camera|I have waited years to get a Digital SLR camera and after tons of research I chose the Canon T3i. My cousin and my buddy took pictures at my Maui Wedding...they both had the Ti & the T2i. The pictures turned out Awesome (it was Maui) you know. They loved their cameras, and I had to get one. I looked all over the internet for months. I finally pulled the trigger from Amazon, and I am very pleased. Great service from Shutterbug, and it arrived regular mail (free shipping) plus no tax! This is simply the best deal out there. I love this camera! Can't believe I waited this long.I have taken about 200 awesome pictures (well a few needed some work due to user error) but it am totally impressed so far. More to follow as soon as I can update you.
camera|We are very pleased with the video on this camera. We are using Class 10 San Disk cards and getting superior quality. We have shot a few stills on it, but purchased it as an economical choice for pro HD video. The unit does shut off when it overheats - which is a good thing. If using for video, we recommend not shooting over 10-15 minutes in length on any shots at full HD. We also recommend a spare battery, spare cards, and allowing time for the unit to aclimate before using. This is a great choice for film makers on a budget. It is compatible with our Macs as well.
camera|I made the switch to Canon after being disappointed by my Sony DSLR. Every photographer I know and respect has a Canon in their hand so I knew there had to be a reason.Right out of the box, this takes amazing photos! It's done surprisingly well even in low lighting without a flash. I've had very few blurry shots and the few that I did have were when the subject moved abruptly.So far I've just been using the auto settings, but this weekend I plan to read the booklet that came with it and really learn about the manual controls. With that said, if you're a beginner, I think you'll be impressed at how well the auto controls do for every day shooting.The HD video exceeded my expectations. Just know in advance that this is not intended to be a full fledged camcorder. If your video becomes too long, the camera will overheat and it will stop recording. This is what I've read any way. I haven't shot any video longer than a few minutes, so I haven't been able to test this theory. But I do understand I can't expect a DSLR to do what a camcorder does because they don't have the same mechanics. Still this camera is more than sufficient for short video clips and the clarity is very nice. It's much better than carrying around a DSLR and a camcorder on vacation!Just make sure your SDHC card has the number 6 or higher on it. The sales person didn't explain that to me and I got a card with a 4 on it. 4 is too slow for recording HD video. The camera will automatically stop recording after a few seconds.I'm in love with this camera so far and look forward to learning more about its features! The swivel screen is worth the extra money too. It really makes a difference and the colors are very accurate. The screen has a non-glare and smudge resistant finish which helps a lot.As far as construction, the location of the menu button is strange. It's on the left, and as a right handed person, it always feels out of reach. Everything else is being controlled with my right hand and it feels awkward when I have to control the menu with my left.A few people have mentioned the grip of the camera body. I do understand that. When I'm holding it, I always feel like I'm about to drop it. Not sure what to say about that. Just be sure to wear the strap that comes with the camera! :)UPDATE 6/19/12 - I've found the manual focus to be a bit of a pain for video. I am constantly refocusing my subjects and it makes a very loud sound on the video when I do it. This is my first HD camera, so I have no idea if this is common. I did read reviews for other cameras with auto-focus on video and customers often complained that the auto-focus did a poor job and they went back to manual. So I honestly have no idea if auto would be any better. Most people say manual is the way to go.When the subject is in focus, the quality is breathtaking. It's just getting there that seems to be an uphill battle.
camera|I'm not going to write a long winded review, all I will say is that this camera exceeded my expectations. I'm extremely happy with my purchase.
camera|The Canon Rebel T3i is the perfect camera for nature and landscape shots where you might hesitate to bring your expensive studio camera. It's perfect for vacations as well. Canon typically performs well, provides superb lenses, durability and great customer service. These are some of the reasons I stay with Canon. Amazon direct is fast and reliable with no surprises.
camera|Excellent for picture , however for video shoot you need to have a superior class memory card. Video will keep shutting down automatically aft 10 sec for need of better memory card.
camera|This camera its awesome, great quality picture and great quality materials, it has great price and lovely design i love this camera i used all the time
camera|I primarily use it for video, but I wanted to take pictures as well.I love the dynamic range of light, takes great video in 1080p and 720p. I wish that you could have more frame rate options in 720p and I also wish that ISOs above 400 were a little less noisy.The kit lens is nice, but I recommend that you get a larger telephoto lens. The default auto-focus doesn't work to great in the dark, but the quick auto-focus is nice since it shows you green boxes where it's focused. It's nice that you can zoom in using the LCD screen so that you can ensure your focus is good, but unfortunately, this doesn't work while in video mode.There's not fully-automatic auto-focus in video mode, but usually the cameras that do are too noisy. You can change the settings so that half-way pressing the shutter button makes it refocus, but it does the slower method and changes the exposure while it focuses.The battery lasts plenty long when doing photos, but video...not so much. If you plan on doing a video shoot of any length, you'll need to purchase additional batteries. I'd recommend getting a battery/power grip. They have a cheap one on here that comes with 4 batteries and has a timer for doing delayed photos and time lapses that I'd recommend.Also, for fun, install the Canon EOS Utility on a laptop. You can use your laptop to take pictures, do time-lapses, change settings on the camera, and more.Technicolor has a picture profile you can download called CineStyle, which is good for color grading your video in post. Otherwise, I recommend the Faithful picture style that the camera comes with.Check out LegendaryMedia and 8bitDigitalTV for pictures and videos using the T3i.
camera|This camera is the simply the best!!!The iAuto feature is also great for persons who do not have experience with the many features of such cameras.I am simply amazed at the picture quality this produces! it is exactly as i am seeing the object or scene it takes an exact duplicate of it, awesome.The speed of this camera is also unparalled, great for taking shots of my oh so active daughter, over all great camera
camera|This camera is awesome! I bought it as a christmas gift for my wife and I just received it a little while ago. Of course I had to open it and make sure it was in working order. In the few minutes I played with it I was able to take awesome, crystal clear, pictures of random objects around the room. It is by far the best camera I have ever owned. Easy to operate, great feel, professional quality pictures within minutes of opening the box. Literally within 5 minutes of opening the box I was able to take professional quality pictures. The auto focus works great. My wife is going to take thousands of pictures of our toddler. I can't wait to give it to her so I can play with it. Also, Amazon was great to deal with, as usual.
camera|Firstly, I'm a Canon guy. I've had 3 Canon point-and-shoots, 2 Canon video cameras (1 HD and 1 not), 2 Canon printers, and I had an EOS 750 SLR back in college so I may be biased. If you're a Canon person, you'll likely not have a lot of trouble understanding the various settings and menus. They have a lot in common with the S90 point-and-shoot I upgraded from.The camera takes great photos of U5 soccer (one of the main reasons I decided to get it now). I haven't taken a lot of HD video with it, but one thing I have noticed is that the autofocus motor noise is audible during the recording. I may try an external microphone if I decide to use the camera for HD video.
camera|It's a very good camera for its price. Is very slight. the flip out display is nice and useful. Talking about video, the most of professionals I know, can't distinguish between the results of this camera and more professionals DSLR's like the 7D, 5D, and 60D... Im really happy.
camera|I'm a novice photographer. I found this camera to be an easy one to get started with right off the bat. I got a little confused with the directions for how to handle the menu settings at first and I still haven't figured out how to manage the flash (I've only been working with it for 10 days) but I was out shooting great pictures within two days. Clear and sharp on auto. Uploading them to the computer was a challenge. I couldn't seem to find directions on how to do that. I would have thought it would be an automatic plug in and something would show up on the screen deal. Not so in my case. The software is confusing but it looks like when I get used to it it will be really good. It's hard to write a review on something when you've only had something like a camera for such a short time, but I bought it on the recommendation of my brother who has the T2i and I'm not sorry I did. I really love it so far.
camera|Where do i start off? As an amateur, I guess I'll let the video quality speak for itself here. Let me tell you this camera has taken over my summer. Every chance I get I use it, I do. It features a wide array capabilities fit for experienced and beginning photographers. Its abilities are limitless. You can check out some my youtube channel for more "oceansidecreations" and make sure to hit like.Pros: Interchangeable lens, sensor and swivel screenCons: buttons, gripe, and low light.Bottom line:Love it, you'll get use to the buttons and small body. I got a tripod which made my life a lot easier. Another feature I love is the ability to edit video from your camera (trimming beginnings and endings). Editing is arguably the hardest part of filming. So the ability to trim down footage on the fly is beneficial. Also, The tilty swivel screen comes through all the time. As far as the 10x digital zoom goes, I can honestly say I hardly ever use it. If you have any other questions, please ask.I was conflicted between getting this and the 60D. I love the body design on the 60D, but wasn't feeling the extra debt for the same sensor. If you are an amateur, just grab the T3i. If you are an experienced photographer and use your camera more readily. Than I'd go with the 60D. Just keep in mind its due for an upgrade. Either way I love my camera and I back it 100 percent.
camera|Neither my family nor I are particularly adept at manual (some would say 'proper') photography. I had received a Rebel film SLR years ago with the hope of taking it up as a hobby. I can say, I've picked up photography as a hobby, but rather with a series of Canon digital point-n-shoots over the years. The latest is an aging Ixus, the model number escapes me. Yes, I'm rather fond of the Canon brand. They have served me well shoved in countless pockets and packs throughout travels and tribulations.I ordered this camera two days before my wedding, figuring that the shots would necessarily be better than my point-n-shoot. Amazon's Sunday delivery was exemplary and of good value. I remembered the pre-sets on my original Rebel that could give instant access to better pictures without needing to understand apertures, etc. - I realize that's probably nails on a chalk board to some. What I didn't intend on, was being absolutely floored by the stunning quality of shots that myself and all other family members (of much less experience snapping pics than I) were able to get on the day of our wedding.For those who are looking for an 'in' into the world of DSLR photography, this camera is easy to understand right out of the box. And I promise to try to get f-stops, etc. to stick in my head this time for sure. I can't wait to take this travelling!
camera|This is one hell of a camera!! As my wife commandeered my other camera (Rebel XSi/450D) I decided to invest in a newer version. I've not been disappointed in any way. Canon have significantly improved the information on each of the settings which will help anyone still learning. Also, the new Q function allowing you to change photo settings from one screen is brilliant. The pictures are incredible although I've only scratched the surface of it's capability thus far. It has a solid and robust feel without being overly heavy, and the battery life is the usual Canon excellent length. Wholeheartedly recommend this camera - it covers so many bases it'll suit most users.
camera|The T3i is an excellent dSLR. I am a serious amateur photographer with a focus (pun intended) on fine art photography. The T3i, with it's articulated LCD is very flexible in allowing me to hold the camera at extreme angles to take shots that were either impossible or very difficult with my previous Canon dSLR. The image quality is impressive. I have had this camera for about since mid-June. I have shot probably about 3,000 photos with it thus far. I have tried the T3i's video capability only briefly, so do not take my rating of the its video capability with much credence, but I like what I saw. If anyone wants to see any photos I shot with the T3i, here are a few photos I shot at the Philadelphia Zoo, [...] for a sample of the photos I shot recently at the Philadelphia Zoo.
camera|I've had my T3i for six months now, and so far I'm extremely pleased with my results. I'd call myself at least a semi-professional, having had 10 different digital camera since my first (a Kodak DC120 that cost $1,000) in 1998, including a number of Nikons and Canons. There are some very long reviews on this site for the T3i, so I'll spare you the details. But, I take lots of different digital images (over 6,000 since April with this camera), from action photos of our grandchildren playing in their basketball and volleyball games to macrophotographs (using a Canon 100mm macro)of flowers and other organisms, and I'm almost always amazed by the results - images are sharp and colors are right on. And a number of times folks around me looking at the results have commented on "how amazing" the images are. Videos have also been lots of fun to take, although the learning curve for getting good video is a little steeper than for still images. And honestly, if I were going to take very much video, I'd get a dedicated video camera. This camera, as one might expect, is very versatile, and the important lesson I learned early on is to read the book and go to the internet for advice on how to get the most out of it - some fantastic information there. Practice, experiment, practice, experiment, etc., and not surprisingly, the more you do the better images you'll get. Common sense I know, but it is tempting and easy to simply set the camera on Scene Intelligent Auto setting and click away, expecting the best (and actually getting a lot when you do). I rarely use that setting, choosing rather to mostly use the Program AE mode and customize my image taking to the situation. I could go on and on, but I don't think you'll be sorry if you get a T3i. It's worth the money!
camera|I just got this camera and I'm in love with it! This is my first DSLR (I have several 35mm SLR) and it is so easy to use. the menus are self explanatory. I was suprised by how lightweight it is compared to the Nikon D5100. I'm a Nikon person so the D5100 was my first choice. I played with my friend's D5100 and I found the menus and settings somewhat confusing compared to the Canon T3i. I love using it for video too and I love that you can take stills while filming. I chose the Canon because I already had other Canon lenses and because the price was right. I was second guessing my choice until I received my camera and was blown away by how great the pictures came out and by the ease of use.
camera|I got the camera body almost overnight and was promised it would arrive in a week to 10 days. I ordered an aftermarket lens by Tamron and I couldn't be happier. I have owned Canons for years and they are always a great mix of latest technology, quality construction, and price.
camera|I really love this camera. The photos are phenomenal and the features are easy to use. Theres not much I can say about this camera that hasnt been said so I will just say if you buy this camera, you will not be disappointed.
camera|Just been 2 day's since I got this but I absolutely love it. Was considering the Nikon D5100 or this and the only thing that convinced me to get this one is the controls. They are easy to get to v/s the nikon and if you want to learn photography, would totally recommend this.
camera|I finally made the upgrade from standard P&S cameras. My previous camera was a Panasonic DMC TZ5, a great little camera that even after 3 years is still pretty impressive for it's size. A little background on me, I work in the film industry as a motion graphics / special effects artist, so my review might be a little skewed towards the video side. I bought this camera with a 50mm f/1.8 prime lens.When I first picked this up, I was surprised at how lightweight it is. The older TZ5 is pretty solid but feels almost as heavy as the T3i! I shot some pictures during the day, played with the awesome depth of field and got some outstanding pictures. Great contrast, color, white balance, exposure, everything was perfect. It was actually difficult to get a bad photo even on the more manual settings.Where I was really shocked was low-light performance. I got pictures I had never thought I could ever get without using the flash. Even at 3200-6400 ISO I was amazed by the clarity, balance, detail and noise level. Yes, you can see the noise, but in my humble opinion I actually like a little noise, to me it gives it a little cinematic flare, but that's just me. But in my old TZ5 I had to severely decrease the shutter speed so much which made it almost impossible to get a clear shot, and even if I could get a clear shot it was either extremely underexposed, white balance was off, or the noise was just too much. Again the T3i has excelled in every photo I have shot so far (200+).Even more amazing is when shooting 1080p video. The exact same settings in photo mode will translate directly to video mode with the exact same results on screen. It is really quite beautiful. With the TZ5 shooting 720p video, I had to re-adjust the white balance, exposure and aperture for video, and it was still hit-or-miss which was sometimes painfully discovered late after reviewing the footage. The T3i also has a standard mount and Microphone input and I was able to immediately mount my microphone for great audio.I'm probably a little biased because this is my first DSLR, so I can't really make a comparison with other DSLRs but I am certainly in love with this camera! The most difficult thing about this camera is trying to decide which shot to choose from as every shot is perfect.
camera|I recently upgraded to a T4i but this camera is an all around incredible unit! That said, if the cost difference is in your reach, get the T4i instead. The T4i has a much MUCH better focusing system, way better image sensor (much more efficient with light keeps you from upping the ISO) and the WONDERFUL touchscreen! If the budget keeps you here on the T3i, it too is a fantastic camera...mine served me well for a solid year and was only replaced by the T4i!
camera|I was very much looking forward for this camera for my Video recordings along with photos. Unfortunately, not sure why this camera has lot of hiss in it even with a best quality external mic and it seems there is no fix for it. I would not recommend for videos where audio quality is of most prime importance
camera|I bought this camera for my Wife because she told me she wanted a Camera that was easy to use and that takes good pictures, I read all of the reviews I could find about the Cannon T3 and the T3i and I felt that the value was there so I bought the T3i. I feel I got a great Camera for a fair price and so far my Wife is still Smiling so I guess I did the right thing.We have taken a few pictures of our 2 German Shepherds and of all of our Grand Children and we plan on taking quite a lot more.I am well pleased with the Quality of the Camera and of the Pictures we have taken.
camera|I ordered this camera as an additional one to save me constantly switching out lenses. Most of my photography consists of dogs and nature out kayaking, playing on a beach, or out camping. I have the Canon T2i, and am thrilled with it all around. I have two favorite L lenses... the 24 - 70 mm and the 70 - 300. I also have several primes that I use as well.Since I cannot stand running out of battery, I also use a battery grip. I recently bought a double harness so I could more easily manage out in the field while using my Rebel with the long lens and my G10 for close or wide angel shots, since I managed to crack the LCD screen on the G10 by carrying them both around my neck. When it came I realized how off balance it was with one heavy camera and one light so I bought the T3i as an early Christmas gift for myself.I wanted another T2i, because I don't do video OR creative filtering in camera so the changes from the 2 to the 3 didn't appeal to me at all. I LOVE my T2i, but somehow couldn't justify spending nearly the same amount as the new model cost.The camera came today and I did a few test shots between the two using exactly the same subject, flash, and lens. I actually have to admit, the ones with the T3i came out obviously ahead of the T2i, even before any editing was preformed. I was really surprised since I expected them to be exactly the same.I am nervous about the articulated LCD screen breaking off and I wasn't thrilled that the screen doesn't shut off like the T2i did, but I guess both worries are easily solved by keeping it turned around.I do wish Canon would make a STILL camera without the addition of video, but I do understand the appeal of video to some people. I only used it once with the previous Rebel and I must admit, it was quite good!!!In closing, unless I discover something bad in the next few weeks, I expect this camera will also become a favorite, and congratulate Canon on continuing their great Rebel tradition!!!
camera|I have always had Canon cameras and this one doesn't disappoint! Takes a great picture and fairly easy to use.
camera|I gave this camera to my daughter for Christmas. She seems very pleased with it. It is obviously still new and I hope it will pass the test of time...
camera|This camera was my first move from a Cannon point and shoot to the SLR realm. A seasoned pro might feel otherwise, but for me this is a fantastic camera. I was able to take great shots on the first few tries with simple objects around the house. Once I took it outdoors, it really took some great photos as well. There are enough settings on this camera to keep me busy for a long time, and I am using it to create professionally-produced prints for sale to the public, so I am confident that it will prove to be a valuable purchase for me. The instruction manual was also one of the better ones I have read in a long time, and despite some of the criticisms I have read about the included lens, all in all I can't say enough good things about it.
camera|This is my 6 th DSLR from Canon my first Rebel since all the others consider higher grade cameras such has my 5ds that are full frame. I really like the camera and its performance. Focusing and shooting are fun & terrific. The only draw back is the camera does not have the durability of body as do the higher end camera of Canon. However, considering the price of a little over $ 500.00I got a great camera to compliment my equipment. An 18 megapixal camera with lightning focusing and great results that allows me with the 1.6 conversion factor use my 300 MM to get wildlife and also use my L lens getting excellant results.I usually shoot in aperture priority especially with all my nature and outdoor photo work.
camera|The rebel t3i delivers, for the money. Before this camera I used a Panasonic Lumix. (which is also a very good camera) The T3i is no doubt THE camera for beginning DSLR camera users, people just getting into the hobby, but don't want a cheaper 100$ point and shoot camera. The picture quality is no doubt amazing, the 18 megapixel sensor delivers exceptional performance. I'll upload some pictures that I've taken with it. For beginners, I strongly recommend auto settings for your pictures until you get used to the camera, and want to experiment around. The T3i is not a hard camera to master. In fact, all you need is a full battery and a good lens, and you're all set, just switch it to auto and shoot away. The screen on the body of the camera is also very high quality, on my 20d, the screen is very small and dark, therefore very hard to see in the sunlight. The T3i screen is very bright so it is very easy to see. The ports on the camera include a micro hdmi port, digital av (cable included) an SD card slot, the main storage for all your photos, a 3.5 mm headphone port and another port that I'm not sure what it is. Also on the camera is pretty good flash and a (slot?) for another flash. Overall this camera is the camera for the money, excellent.
camera|This camera is outstanding. I can't say more than what others have already said, but I will say this.. the day it came I unpackaged it, took a couple test pictures and said &#34;I can't believe I waited this long to buy a decent camera&#34;. Said it outloud, and I live alone !!About 2 weeks after I purchased this camera, the T4i came out. I thought about returning this and ordering the T4i, but this one serves my purposes and then some.I love this camera, already have over 4,000 shots on it!!!
camera|So far, I've found that I cannot take a bad photo with this camera. I opted for the 18-135 lens, remembering that this is about double for the older lenses of the regular 35mm age (at least, I think it's about 36 to 270 mm standard?). Someone can correct me if I'm wrong. Anyway, I like having the versatile lens rather than changing lenses every time I want to do a more telephotic shot. Anyway, on automatic settings, works beautifully . . . none of that hesitation that I used to get with my Olympus. Also, like the feature that you can just turn the wheel on top to take non-flash photos (instead of having to go to the menu to do so). Low light photos are amazing, and the flash doesn't usually wash out the photo. So far (only had this camera for a month now), has performed well for holiday photos. I'm looking forward to traveling with this camera (it is a bit heavier than I was used to with my Olympus, but mostly due to the larger lens, I believe).
camera|I purchased this camera as a gift for my daughter. This is her second Canon camera and she really pleased with this model.
camera|I will preface this review by stating that I am not a camera expert and am still learning much of the functionality of this camera. I do know the concepts of white balance, aperture, frame rate, f stops, shutter speed and other functions however, I am not all that familiar on their use and which settings are best for which shots. I have worked with a higher end video camera and do know some things about shot composition and such, but again, only at a basic level.All that being said, here is my review.A simple two-sentence, simple, bottom line review: This camera allows me to capture ideas and shots, even in automatic mode, that if attempted with a simple point and shoot camera would look like garbage. It has enabled me to make ideas I've had in the past into a reality which makes it worth the money.OK, so maybe that doesn't cut it for an in-depth review.The Canon T3i has a fairly rugged design and feels good in the hand. It does not feel as heavy as it looks and has a variety of easy-to-access controls for adjusting all manner of settings and features on the camera.The camera is simple enough for a beginner to take a quick glance at the included guide, throw it into Automatic + mode and capture some great shots right out of the box. However, it is also complex enough that a more skilled photographer or someone who wants to become one will have all the room they need to compose magazine-worthy works of art.The lens that comes with the camera, the EF-S 18-55mm is a great starter lens for medium to close up shots. My wife and I purchased this camera from another retailer along with a Canon EF-S 55-250mm f/4.0-5.6 IS II Telephoto Zoom Lens.A WARNING: To those hunting for great deals out there, do not be duped into getting a package deal with a poor telephoto lens as an add-on. Always research what you are getting, otherwise you can end up with a cheap telephoto lens that has no image stabilization. Image stabilization is what keeps the lens and image balanced and is an absolute must for a telephoto lens.The above lenses are of the same family and will give the average photographer the variety they will need to accommodate the majority of the shots they will be taking. However, Canon also has an extensive line of lenses in their EF and EFS family that will fit this camera body for higher image quality or specialized uses.The photo quality is superb. The average user will be satisfied with the 18megapixel image compressed as a 5MB Jpeg file. Advanced users will love the access to Canon's RAW format, which is literally the digital picture data as captured by the image sensor in the camera. This allows for advanced tweaking and manipulation of the photo.The T3i does have a full 1080p HD video mode, however, I have not used it at this point in time and cannot review it for that reason. However, I can say that if the image quality of the still images are indicative of the picture quality of the HD video, it will be a treat.Overall, I will say that this camera is well worth the money for someone looking to take a step up from the dull world of point and shoot. It will give a user room to grow and learn more about photography. For more advanced users it is a great mid-range option that has a huge level of control over shots. That being said, this camera, like any tool, is only as good as its user. The A+ mode will allow for pretty good shots without adjusting settings, however, a user will get the most out of it by learning more about photography and delving into the full feature set of the camera.
camera|**Please note that this review was written by a novice photographer.I have been asking my husband for a camera for years. You know how it is....the entire time he is taking pictures with his Nikon D80 (he fancies himself a fantastic photographer...and he is), I am constantly in his ear telling how what I see and envision would make a better picture. I also tell him how he should take a picture of something that I believe will make him the next Ansel Adams. And I complete the photo shoot with, "if only I had really good camera, I would"..... Well, I guess he was tired of hearing it, and decided to buy me this camera (for Christmas thru Amazon) if for no other reason than to shut me up. I guess it was his way of putting "his" money where "my" mouth is, and I was delighted.Now what is there to like about this camera.-This camera is user friendly and great for a beginner photographer or at least one that is ready to move from a camera like a Nikon CoolPix. It is perfect for still shots and video (HD). It is easy to select a setting (portrait, action, etc), point and shoot. It focuses automatically (press halfway) and can be manually adjusted (tight or far away photos). There is a menu that allows you to edit and even make images, black and white. **Please note that this is the one feature that no matter how much I read the manual, I can't quite get it to do what I would like. I can edit a picture, change it to black & white, and even use the zoom tool, but when I attempt to save it, it won't. That is a feature that I will have to continue to fool with. And if anyone can help me, I would appreciate it.-You can manipulate the viewing screen...it flips out and turns (for use while recording video) so that you can view it. Or you can swivel, flip and turn the screen around and collapse it against the body of the camera. This allows you to see or view the pictures you are taking or have taken.- This camera takes crisp/clear photos. They are amazingly clear.-This camera has a continuously shoot feature/function. It is great for my son's wrestling matches.-This camera has an automatic flash that is useful if you aren't sure about the lighting.-This camera is light (weight wise) enough to carry around for a long period of time (your hand won't get tired), but it also comes with a comfortable and adjustable neck strap. There are also cords that come with the camera so that you can use with the computer or TV.-The battery life is decent. I assume that it also depends on how many videos you do versus still shots. However, I have done both and found and didn't have a problem. This camera also comes with a convenient battery charger.Overall, I love my new Canon Rebel T3i and look forward to (a) learning everything about it that I can and (2) taking tons of fantastic pictures for years to come.
camera|It takes fabulous pictures and video. Nuff said.But really, this camera does all you ask for and more. It has so many customizable/manual possibilities, you'll never get bored. You'll learn something new about it every time you use it.You'll fall in love with it.The grip feels natural in the hand.I recommend getting the 18-135 mm lenses because 18-55 is sometimes too short and 18-200 is a bit too long. 18-135 is a great walkaround lens so you don't have to carry any awkward camera bag with you.Also, something that might be helpful: The large jpeg is 10.9-11.0 MB. Just if you wondered. 18 MP is a pretty large file size, after all.BUY ITand the flip screen is nice, if you're deciding between this and the t2i.
camera|I love this camera and Canon products in general, however it has some issues. The issues did not happen straight away. On the second day of shooting is when the trouble started. I make no claim to be a professional photographer, this review is an opinion of a photo hobbyist. So after shooting around a 180 pictures mostly with the view finder the camera went dead no power to the unit. I also had an error code display, I can't say for sure that I could see the entire code, but the camera stopped working. When this happened I removed the battery, and placed it back in the camera, and then the camera powered on. It performed flawlessly for about 20 or more shots. The shots I took looked amazing but I also had some bad shots. I will take credit for the bad shots it was not the fault of the camera. When I was finished shooting, I removed the camera battery and placed it in the charger. The very next day I went for a photo shoot. I shoot mostly view finder,I shot about 200 photos this time. When I was finished shooting I turned the camera off. Sometime later I went to use the camera again, I turned the camera on, and no responded. I removed the battery, and charged it, when it was fully charged I placed the battery in the camera and it worked just fine. I have not used the camera since. I'm concerned with the camera , I bought the camera to use on a family vacation. I don't want to have my camera fail on my vacation, so the following morning I called Amazon Customer Service. I explain my situation with the camera. Amazon is sending me a new camera, expedited shipping it will be here on Wednesday. I will rate this camera with 4 stars. I will subtract one star for being unreliable, I really love this camera , and hope the next one will be problem free. I could have just received a lemon I understand that. Would I recommend this camera to someone else despite its shortcomings. The answer is yes, however my tune my change if I receive another unit with the same issues. Well if that happens I will cut my loses and get a refund sad to say. I owned many Canon cameras both film, and digital and all of those examples performed flawlessly. Until then I will wait with anticipation for the new unit to arrive. I rate 5 stars to Amazons customer service they always shine in my eyes. More to follow and, hopefully the next review will be great.Sincerely Robert
camera|This is a really great camera and the pictures come out very clear with the stock 18-55 mm lens. If you have the camera on auto everything it does a really good job at well doing everything automatically. If you are on manual it is also pretty easy to use, but if your in a rush just use auto. The only reason why I am giving this 4 stars instead of 5 is because the movie mode has 1 major flaw like most dslr cameras do. The one thing I dislike is the noise it makes when you are autofocusing. This noise is heard in your video unless you buy an external microphone. If you already have an external mic then this is a really good 5 star camera :D Will so recommend this to anyone looking for an entry level dslr camera.
camera|I bought this camera and it is my first SLR. Always being interested in photography and being somewhat creative I thought that the point-to-shoot area has come to an end. However, it is of course not a cheap investment - especially when you buy the T3i with the 18-135mm lens. So you are perhaps wondering - was it worth the money? And the answer is yes! Even without getting to creative and playing with the variety of manual settings you can make photos in the auto-modes that will make your point-to-shoot camera photos look like photos taken with a cell phone. The colors and focus on specific objects give the photos more dynamics. The different modes allow you to select the right auto-setting for the object you are trying to capture. The screen info on the T3i helps compared to the T2i (my dad has one) when you are new to such camera. Overall I am very satisfied. If you are considering to purchase the T3i, then you should think about getting the 18-135mm lens compared to the 18-55mm lens. Reason being that the 135mm lens gives you more tele and you can zoom more than with the 55mm introduction lens. If you are planning to get a tele-lens anyway and want to go higher up (i.e. 300mm), then the 55mm should do it. However, I know myself and do not want to necessarily change lens depending on the distance of the object and the 135mm seems to be the right fit.
camera|I was having a tough time chosing a camera since im not a pro i was almost sold on a cheaper camera however i knew i was making an investment so I went with this one. I was very happy to find out that the camera was very easy to use and there was very little learning curve. Granted the longer I used the camera the better I became. It was the most fun i have ever had with a camera. If you can spend the $ I highly recommend this.
camera|Purchased this camera for my wife who wants to get into photography.The camera is very easy to use and takes amazing pictures even with automatic mode.This can be a manual camera or you really can use it as a point and shoot.The camera is lightweight and is fun to use other lenses.Highly recommendedAmazon shipping is the best alsothanks
camera|I am in LOVE with my new Canon EOS Rebel T3i. I was stuck between canon and nikon for a while, but in the end I went with canon simply because I liked the feel of it better. Anyway, I'm in college studying photography and this camera was actually way more than I even needed. They recommended at least a canon t3 but I wanted to get a better one so I could start some freelancing a little here and there. It takes amazing pictures, but remember...you can get the nicest camera on the market, but it doesn't mean you'll get amazing pictures because of the camera's quality. It's the PHOTOGRAPHER who makes it happen. :)
camera|I had a canon xsi and upgraded I am very happy with the new camera. I was surprised that it took a different size battery because the original batteries I brought for my xsi were very expensive. I am happy to say battery prices have dropped so much I was able to buy two batteries for less than 20% of what I paid for one, Everything from my old camera swapped over to the T3i including my $300 flash. I strongly urge anyone buying a camera over the internet make sure you read the customer reviews, because if it looks too good to be true IT IS too good. Several sites advertised the Canon T3i for almost $100 less but they were scams, I started to buy it at one site but I realized that I did not review this site (I was back and forth between several site) so I stopped the ordering process and checked the site out, it was a scam and people did not get camera but was charged on their credit card. I really take my time now due to that near miss. Something like this I order through Amazon.com their prices are very good but most important I feel protected there. I am not associated with Amazon in any way I just like the sence of security from them on a big buy. The Camera is a dream. I love the viewer. I did how ever did have to buy newer memory chips with a highere write speed, the picture size is Big and if you take 3-4 shots in a second you may slow down the process with the old memory cards.
camera|I purchased the Canon Rebel t3i a few days ago directly from Amazon.com. While I was waiting on the camera to arrive, I poured over youtube videos on the technical aspects of the camera to familiarize myself with all of its operations and capabilities. This is such a magnificent piece of equipment and the quality is top notch, just like you would expect for a $600 camera. I highly recommend soaking up as much information as you can because right out of the box, there is so much in front of you that you can become easily overwhelmed by it all. The first thing that impressed me and kind of scared me, was how dang smart this camera is! I skipped getting the kit lens (18-55mm) in favor of a "prime" fixed-focal length lens, the 50mm f/1.8. Once I charged up the battery, I put the lens on, and turned the camera on. I put the camera on Av (aperture priority mode) and pushed the shutter button. NOTHING, but a disturbing shuttering vibration and noise. Turns out I was too close the subject I was focused on for the 50mm to handle. Once I pulled the camera back and locked in on my subject, "Snap!", and the picture showed up on the view screen. I tested different lengths and f/stops to test my limits with this particular lens. Being that I am quite new to the world of owning a SLR of any sort, I am learning as I go.I included my first two shots with this camera in the user images. My very first shot is the pink primrose with the beautiful bokeh (blurred background)! Pretty decent, considering that this was an attempt at doing a close-up shot (macro) on a non-macro lens.I also included a picture of my nephew wearing his Iron Man mask (second shot).Notes:1) This is my first DSLR. I have only owned point and shoots, my last being a Panasonic Lumix. I was feeling so limited by the lack of control and felt my level of knowledge about photography had reached the point where if I wanted to have semi-pro results, I needed a semi-pro camera.2) I contemplated a Nikon d3100, but decided on the Canon because of its good reputation and the quality of their lenses are top-notch. I think the flexibility and ease-of-use are the two non-technical functions I appreciate the most so far.3) The lens you get will make all the difference in the quality and creativity of your photography. I highly recommend skipping the kit lens and getting the 50mm f/1.8 or f/1.4 and then move your way up as you learn the camera (for newbies). Then move up to a "all-in-one" such as the Canon 18-200mm or Tamron 18-270mm.4) Don't be afraid to take a gazillion pictures, even if they are horrible at first. In photography, practice DOES make for better results.5) Don't be afraid to experiment. The beauty of digital is that you can shoot a picture and re-compose it over and over until you achieve the result you want. Don't let this functionality go to waste.6) Lastly, read the manual! I know its a knock to some people's pride to read a manual...but Canon has done a pretty good job at going over the functionality. If you don't want to read a manual, I highly recommend this book by Jeff Revell: Canon EOS Rebel T3i / 600D: From Snapshots to Great Shots. I started reading this book as soon as I submitted my order, so that I would know what to do and what not to do once I unpacked my camera. This might seem a bit obsessive, but this is a pretty big investment for me and I fully intend to put this camera to work. Why not learn how to maximize your results at the start?Best purchase I ever made. I highly recommend the Canon T3i camera from novice to semi-pro.
camera|I chose this camera (after reading many reviews) based on it's low light capabilities. It does take very nice quality low light pictures as long as the subject is sitting still. The problem is I bought it to photograph my daughter's gymnastics meets. It is, in my opinion, one of the toughest things to shoot (and I've taken almost 30,000 pictures since I got my first digital camera in 2004)--low light, no ability to use flash, high speed, from a distance and people frequently walking in front of the subject. Unfortunately, this camera could not get the job done. The issue was the autofocus. I tested the sports setting, resetting aperature and shutter speed, and various focus settings. I just could not get a clear picture...and I shot almost 1400 before returning the camera. I opted for the Sony a55 and couldn't be happier! Crystal clear action shots with vivid color on the first try. I used a tamron 2.8, 70-200 lens & a tripod for both cameras so the only thing I can attribute the difference to is the camera itself. So, to sum it up...if you are only taking still pictures, the canon is fine BUT if you are shooting any movement at all, get the Sony.
camera|I love my camera. The funny thing about this purchase is that I used to be an avid photographer. Got paid for photos that I loved taking...I mean...how amazing is that? But life caught up to my dream world and sadly I had to sell off my equipment. Most people might think that this would be a downgrade from my past cameras but the funny thing about photography is, if you have a camera, you have all that you need.This camera does everything I need it to do. The sensor might not be a full frame but I make up for it by using higher quality lenses.The video capabilities are great.The one thing I would have to say, as a word of wisdom is...buy a cheaper body that will do everything you need it to do (minimum). And invest in GREAT lenses. I cannot explain, express, or put into English HOW important a GREAT lens is.So if I could say buy it? 5 out or 5
camera|I'm not a photographer, maybe someday I'll learn how it all works. What I really know is that I want to remember me 18 month old son just like he is today, 20 years from now. I was tired of fuzzy camera phone pics and carrying around a little digital camera that was only marginally better than a phone seemed like a waste. The Canon just works, I point at what I want to remember, push a button and it's mine forever, period. The colors are accurate, the lines are crisp, the detail is unbelievable. It's just stupid how well this little marvel does it's job. For me, this purchase was worth it's weight in gold because I don't miss the right moment now.
camera|
camera|Best camera I have EVER had!! Takes amazing video and amazing photo's. I'm going to upgrade soon and get a 5D, but I will never get rid of this camera.
camera|Had always wanted to buy a dslr. This was my first one. I am loving it from the moment i started using the camera. The shots are crisp and fantastic.. Still trying to learn some technicalities. Sometimes, the photos get overexposed even though the LCD screen doesnt show that. Fantastic camera for the price i bought.
camera|This is my 2nd rebel line camera, and the additional options over my older model are excellent. For those who want to get into dslr photography, as well as have the ability to shoot video, this camera is a good model to go with.
camera|I bought this camera primarily for shooting independent films and it's fantastic. The quality is crystal clear and the weight and size make it perfect for getting in tight, small places very discreetly. I've used it to record some footage and do some time lapse videos and it's astounding me how well they're coming out.I did have a problem briefly at the beginning with video recording. It would stop after a few seconds and display the error message &#34;recording stopped automatically&#34;, but after buying a Sandisk 32GB Class 10 SDHC card ($19.99) I haven't had the problem since.All in all, this is a fantastic camera for the price. Highly recommended.
camera|SLR IS CERTAINLY DIFFERENT THAN POINT AND SHOOT. GETTING USED TO IT. HOPE TO BE THOROUGHLY PLEASED AFTER MASTERING ITS CAPABILITIES.
camera|It is easy to use, takes great pictures and the flip out monitor is a nice touch. You can take great night time pictures with this camera.
camera|I got this because I want to capture the moments of my child, great camera along with the high quality definition
camera|I have been a Canon EOS user for about 15 years, starting out with manual cameras and then working my way up to the EOS digital models in 2005.Two years ago, I was getting a little frustrated carrying around a bag with multiple lenses and the camera on holidays. I wanted something small that had similar capabilities. I found it in the Panasonic Lumix range and sold all of my Canon gear.Then my daughter was born. Suddenly my major focus changed from landscape shots to portraits and Kodak moment type snaps of her. This was fine when we were outdoors but compact cameras really struggle in low-light situations. Two months ago, I decided it was time to dive back into the world of digital SLRs. I didn't need too many bells and whistles, just a simple SLR that could take fantastic shots of my daughter and her future siblings.I found it.This EOS is a super camera for the price. I used to pay 4 times as much to get lesser quality in the older cameras in the range. My brother, a professional photographer, has one of the best models in the series and even he is impressed with this basic model's capabilities.The new articulated screen is a good addition as is the ability to take HD video. The camera fills my hand nicely and is easy to hold stable due to the molded back. Th e software, screen menus,and buttons are all familiar and easy to understand. Anyone with previous Canon experience will feel right at home.The best part of all, though, is that I am now producing beautiful photos of my daughter with no effort whatsoever.I would recommend this camera to any new user to digital SLRs or users who want to come back to something bigger than a compact without going overboard.
camera|I upgraded from the T2i, and i am so happy that i did! The swivel lcd screen is so cool. Im already experimenting with different angle shots, i just could not get with a non swivel lcd. I didnt know how much i would love just that one feature, but i really do. The audio controls is also really awes! The zoom feature while in movie mode is nice too. Because im only shooting with a 50mm prime right now, being able to zoom in makes it really nice. Sure its only a digital zoom, but with good lenses, not zoomed to full capacity, it should work well. Even at 3x, that turns my lens into a 150mm, sort of. haha. Overall i love this cam, and if someone is thinking about upgrading from the t2i, do it! you wont regret it. FYI. Become an Amazon Prime member, or do the free trial. I got this shipped over night for only $4 bucks! haha. I hate waiting a week for stuff like this to arrive.
camera|After searching and searching for a DSLR camera I had almost convinced myself of the T2i. I resisted and ended up waiting to purchase the T3i, which was the best decision I made. At a glance the camera has a good feel to it and overall has the same features as the T2i. The main differences I noticed in it were the flip out LCD screen, which I use more often for some of the photos I take. Among the screen, the improvement to the video truly being 1080p and the simple menu. The camera itself is very user friendly whether you have read the manual or not. I am a person to read through and learn the various features the camera has to offer. I am impressed with the lens that comes with the camera for the wide angle aspect of it due to a lot of places I shoot pictures there are a lot of people and requires me to get close to get the shot I want. Disappointed they offer HDMI input, but don't provided the cable. I have only scratched the surface of my purchase, but I am pleased thus far. I recommend anyone looking for a camera to at least give the T3I a glance or consider it.
camera|Great camera, i bought just the frame for my wife, and paired it with a sigma 18-250 IS lens. Its easy to use, and creates great pictures when used properly. We use the highest settings and can blow pictures up to 20"
camera|I bought this camera in May from my local camera store and I couldn't be happier with my choice. I researched for months and I really wanted a Nikon but at the time there weren't any new Nikons out and the newest DSLR in my price range was the T3i. I talked to every one I knew with a DSLR and they all said it was a great camera. So I decided to give it a shot.I love this camera. I only used Auto for the first few months while I learned what all the buttons did (I prob still dont know them all). Now I almost never shoot in auto unless I cant get the picture I want then I try auto.Pros:Great screenthe screen rotateseasy to use buttonsthe pictures turn out amazinggreat battery lifeCons:Price, Im cheap and I know it. I hate how expensive the lens and camera was.Over all it was worth every penny I spent. I love how wonderful the pictures come out and all the wonderful functions. I suggest everyone taking a photography class when they buy a DSLR. You need to learn all you can about these amazing camera DONT ONLY SHOOT AUTO!
camera|I am an entry-level DSLR owner, and wanted a camera that would grow with me. The T3i is absolutely perfect for this.I don't actually care about the video-taking capabilities of this camera, though when I have taken video with it, it's been fine. What I really care about is how well it takes pictures, and for that, it's fantastic. The full-on automatic setting is great, sometimes taking a much better picture than I would have. The "no-flash automatic" is what I tend to use most, especially in indoor areas like museums. When I want to play with DOF, the Aperture Priority setting is excellent.This camera performs admirably in low-light settings, often getting shots without a flash that shock me with their quality. In Lightroom, I don't have to do much postprocessing to get my shots to come out looking great. My only complaint is that the automatic setting does tend to overexposure, so if you're in a situation where the lighting isn't standard, keep an eye on that and switch to a more manual setting. It's a lot harder to fix overexposure than underexposure.If I have any complaint about this camera, it's that I would have liked more, or better, indicators via the viewfinder. I find I use the viewfinder -- which is not, by the way, the brightest or sharpest viewfinder I have ever seen -- more than the LCD monitor by far -- to the point where I sometimes don't flip the LCD monitor over at all. And about the flipping -- that's a very nice touch. I don't often use it like one would use a side-view mirror, but I do love that flipping it over protects the screen.Likely, if you're an enthusiast who can afford this camera, you're not going to use the postprocessing techniques in the "Creative mode" section of the camera; you'll use an outside tool like Lightroom. I wouldn't put much stock in being able to, for example, apply a magenta tone to your picture. And labelling on-phone is a giant pain. Unless you think you'll forget the location, don't even bother.The kit lens on this camera is actually quite good - I alternate between the kit lens and the f/1.8 50mm that everyone who owns a Canon DSLR should have. Unless you're wanting to take significant zoom images, it's a clear, fast lens for most work.For what I wanted this camera to do, I have found it to be absolutely fantastic.
camera|I've been using Canon auto focus cameras for over 20 years and have been wanting a second camera body. I absolutely love the 6400 ISO on this camera. It makes for very nice and natural looking indoor photographs at gatherings.It uses a newer battery configuration than my older camera, and I think that was a poor decision on the part of the manufacturer as I cannot use some of my only slightly older accessories and need to carry around two sets of those accessories. Also had to purchase a new battery grip.I got it about 10 days ago and took a few hundred pix at a family wedding that did not have a pro-photog. It was a breeze to use, but like earlier models in the series.
camera|I could go on and on about the picquality of ths camera, but I'm sure anyone looking to buy one already knows about all these things. I will instead focus on the camera itselfPROS:The amount of features allowed is nice.Everything can be tweaked and tuned , but it also has a "auto" mode, which is nice when you just want to take a quick shot and not have to worry about ISO settings, etc, etc.The shutter itself feels much better than a point and shoot, and the focus time, and the downtime between shots is also WAY lower than the run of the mill point and shoot.A feature I haven't seen as flexible in point in shoot is the timer shots. You can set it to take anywhere from 1-10 pictures with 1 timer. This is great for big family photos where you prop the camera up on a tripod and just want to do 10 photos in a row - and hopefully everyone will have their eyes open in one of those 10 photos (especially hard with little kids).CONS:The software/hardware feels sort of undated. Canon has stuck with this same layout for a long time for continuity, but new point and shoots have a much more streamlined interface. For example, the wheel on the top (where you switch between modes), does not allow for 360 degree rotation, only like 300 degrees rotation. This means, for example, if you were in Video Capture mode and wanted to go to Macro Mode, you have to spin the wheel 300 degrees instead of just 60 degrees.The software is one that takes getting used to. They use a "tab" system to tell you which settings you are messing with in the Menu. The tab system may be familiar to long time Canon users, but the way the tabs are labeled sometimes make it confusing. Instead of using words, they use symbols, which I feel do not match well. For example, there are "tabs" with a Wrench icon. Unless I memorize which setting is where, there is a hard time remember exactly what settings are changed in the "wrench" tab.The battery must be charged separately from the device. I don't know if this is a standard for DSLR, but I liked how I could just plug in my camera itself and charge it on point and shoots.Overall:There is no arguing the picture quality, it is basically the same as the T2i, and professional reviews all across the internet rate this as the top entry-level DSLR. It has settings for a beginner like me, and it has settings for advanced users as well.For those wondering between T2i and T3i, the main difference is a spin-out LCD screen, and digital zoom during video. These differences are small, and I know I was confused when I first researched this DSLR.
camera|First, I love to take pictures and finally got fed up with my digital camera. The picture quality is excellent! I wish i would have gotten this sooner. I am not camera guru or anything like that. Lack of knowledge when it comes to photography and about cameras. After I bought the camera some of my friends told me to buy Nikkon. So far I don't regret it.Before I continue I want to say that the next paragraph may be helpful, take for what it is worth from a simple minded person in this area:There is a lot of features to the camera that I am sure that I will never use mostly because i did not see a difference when testing them out. The movie HD is nice to have and I used it for the first time and I am grateful for it when something happens and need video camera in a matter of seconds. Make sure you read the manual and experiment with the options. Another feature that is pretty cool, you don't have to go through the photo on your memory card one by one when you go through the pictures on the camera, You can break up the photo up to 9 thumbnail so it will save you the time and hassle of pushing the next button. The battery keeps it charge and doesn't take long to bring it back to a full charge. The one negative thing for me was auto setting shooting. I let the camera do all the work and there is a long gap between the auto-focus and when it take the pictures. I quite often want to take 4-5 pictures in a quick second to get the timing of a little kid who don't want to sit for 15 seconds for three pictures that are the same.Lastly, I read a lot of review the good and bad, and I from a simple point of view: It takes a great high quality pictures, It has all of the bells and whistle (maybe too much for me), but i like to have the options, who knows when they will be handy. If you are looking for the camera with my mindset, i have to say it is perfect fit for me. It is a little pricey but looking at some of the pictures i now know that I will get great pictures and not have to worry about all of imperfections of a cheap ($100-$250) camera with a lot of megapixel. Peace in mind knowing that is great to have on your side
camera|Everything is relative when technology is considered. Between different brands you'll see one does something better than the other. In this case, the T3i's direct competitor (Nikon D5100) is a little better with low light performance, but the T3i does video better. D5100 also seems a little more 'newbie' friendly control wise, while the T3i offers ease of access to more advanced functions. Overall though they're almost identical!I could go on all day about how this camera compares to others, but ultimately that is something you should research yourself when you're making an investment such as this! Consider the ergonomics, the interface, what you're going to use it for, your budget - so on.. Find a camera that works for you!With that, I'll continue with some pros/cons. I'm not going to list things that are available on all DSLRs though (mirror lockup, manual control, etc):Pros:- T3i's quality. The body has a high quality, durable feel to it. Nothing really feels cheap on it.- Image quality. Sharp images (sharper yet with a prime lens), good color quality, minimal lens distortion (18-55) with some minor vignetting (nothing that can't easily be fixed in post processing). The picture quality will ultimately be decided by your lens (and your photography skill).- Video. DSLRs aren't really that great with video, but the T3i offers a "sensor crop" zoom function. Basically it'll use a small part of the sensor to record 1080p without skipping pixels on the sensor. This works well for some things but it means you're getting a 3x zoom level so your FOV is going to be very narrow, especially with a telephoto lens. This sensor crop video mode eliminates/minimizes moire/aliasing issues typically associated with doing video on a big DSLR sensor. There's a whole lot more on this video topic for DSLRs ("Jello" effect, getting the proper shutter speed for the framerate, lighting, lens, etc), more than I can possibly include in this review. Google is your friend when learning DSLR!Cons:- Low light ISO noise.. One thing the D5100 does better than this T3i is low light iso performance. Less noise at higher ISOs. That's not saying this camera can't produce some superb night photography, but you'll be using a tripod to get those results.- Lens quality.. both the 18-55mm and 55-250mm IS II lenses are all-plastic body.. It's hard to imagine lenses that costs hundreds of dollars could feel cheap like this. The focus ring on the 18-55mm lens feels gritty and the inner body of the front lens element wobbles within the lens body. The 55-250mm is better overall, but the focus ring still doesn't feel as smooth as it could. Overall they get the job done (and quite well), but I feel kind of gypped when such an expensive (again, it's all relative) camera has such cheap lenses. You can expect to pay as much as your camera body costs (and more) for some good quality L lenses that don't have these minor setbacks.Neutral points to consider:- This is a crop-sensor camera. What that means is the sensor is 1.6 times smaller than 35mm film. This effectively multiplies your focal length by 1.6. So, with an 18mm lens you're actually getting the field of view of a ~29mm lens on a 35mm film or full-body DSLR camera. The big thing here is that with Canon's "Nifty 50" 50mm lens, the FOV will be like an 80mm lens (narrow and not very useful inside).- Live view. While this can be very handy for getting good framing, autofocus is slow as hell in live view mode. The camera can still function quite well, however.All in all, this review may have been weighted more towards the "Cons", but that's only because it's far easier to address shortcomings than identify things a DSLR does well at in a sea of DSLRs! This camera has everything you need to get great results if you know what you're doing. Overall the camera is superb and the shortcomings aren't remotely close to being dealbreakers. As I said early on in the review, make sure you do your own research and find a camera that works for you!Regardless of what camera you get (assuming this is your first DSLR), get a decent tripod (Amazon has an affordable Dolica Proline tripod that is great), a good 16GB+ Class 10 SDHC card and a DSLR cleaning kit. Other accessories (external flashes, nicer lenses) are quite expensive and things you shouldn't really worry about until you've learned the basics of DSLR photography.
camera|
camera|This was our first SLR camera and there is no comparison to the old point and shoot. The cost was reasonable and after using it, the image quality and expanded abilities of this camera over the pocket/purse camera's is certainly worth upgrading.
camera|I purchased this camera 18 months ago prior to my son being born and I really love the camera. I purchased this on a friends recommendation who does professional photography for weddings and other events and he mentioned this one as a great intro DSLR camera for the family. This camera is great for the average home user who is in the market for a really good camera. It's not quite professional grade however it does have many professional grade features. The 18 megapixel camera takes very clear quality images even when blowing them up to very large print sizes. We've printed 11X14 images and they look very sharp. I also really like the HD video feature that it has. I didn't think I would use it so it wasn't a factor when buying this camera but I'm really glad I have it for those short videos. If you need anything longer than 10 minutes you might want to consider buying an actual video camera. The only missing feature on video is the ability to autofocus while shooting the video.As far as taking pictures, autofocusing with the screen on takes a bit longer, if you use the view finder the autofocus seems to work much better and quickly. I'm not sure why this is but it's OK since the battery life is significantly better without the LCD on. We do use the LCD when taking a self portrait and it's really awesome that is swivels and rotates. It makes setting up the timer family portait really easy and saves a ton of time. I can't compare it to any other DSLR's because this is the only one I own, however it's a really good one and I would recommend it.
camera|This camera is everything I was looking for. Its really easy to adjust the aperture, shutter speed, AND ISO while I'm shooting. The weight is great-- I like to feel like I'm actually holding something, but it's not too heavy. For the past 10 years I've been using a film Canon Rebel and this is the perfect camera for shifting to a DSLR. The lens from my old camera works too but the distances are different.
camera|As most reviewers have written about the T3i, its function and qualities, I shall not repeat or rehash the same material. If you already own a T2i and do not need a variable angle LCD monitor, save your money because the T3i is almost identical to its predecesor, which it is replacing. The only suggestions that I have is that you should use a fast large capacity SD card and replace the standard lens (EF-S 18-55mm) with the more versatile IS 18-135mm lens, especially when you are travelling. That is what I always use as my "walk around" lens. My second pearl is to buy the body only (you should be able to find it for around $430-470) and get the better lens separately, and unless you need extra zoom or macro photography, the IS 18-135 lens will be all you need.If you feel that you must have the combo as advertised, look at Sam's Club.They also include a 55-250mm lens and a spacious camera bag in their package for about $860.
camera|I bought this as a first digital SLR. I've been holding out, because I still love my Canon EOS Rebel X film camera, which I've used for many years and is still going strong. I'm very happy with this camera, as it takes great pictures & accepts the zoom lenses from my EOS Rebel X.
camera|After taking a digital photography class at my high school, I began to have urges to take pictures all of the time. I'd learned Adobe Photoshop backwards and forwards, but didn't have a good enough camera for my most artistic desires. Thus came the Canon EOS Rebel T3i into my life. I don't know too much about cameras besides the basics like aperture, exposure, and ISO, but I have taken some amazing pictures with this camera. My photos are crisp, clear, sharp, and professional-looking. I'm also a video nerd, and it takes some great shots with the depth of field that you can't get with your average video camera. Overall, this was a great first DSLR and I look forward to using it for many years to come.
camera|The T3i is my first DSLR but I have owned many SLRs in the past so I would consider myself a low intermediate user. This camera is just what I needed in my budget and I can not be more pleeased. So far, I have taken over 2,000 shots in the first month of use and I am still happy with my buy. I needed something that was not just a point and shoot as also take photos of still life for website design and galleries. I even took shots of old photos and made posters out of them. Great detail capture. The menu is quick to set up and switch between formats when I need to. I bought the body separate from the lens and I prefer to spend my money on a solid 2-3 lens.
camera|So I am a budding photographer - but I have been using an XTi since it was the top camera in its class. That XTi is now 6 years old, doing well but has seen better days. I got this boy as my upgrade - knowing the price would be lower given the T4i's debut. I know its not the latest and greatest and I know its sort of a 60D knock off, but you seriously cannot beat the price seen here for a camera like this. 18.8 MP, 1080P HD Video... match these up w/a 50mm fixed and you have an amazing amazing detail and lovely camera. I am so happy! My next camera will be a 5D in the future... (mk. 6?) lol...LOVE!Oh, I got it on the 3rd day of 2-day shipping b/c of July 4th Holiday, stupid me. Don't care!
camera|Disclaimers:I'm not a photographer and I don't use the advanced settings and functions of this or any camera.That said I am a father fo two little boys that are very active in sports and in general. I use the various quick settings on the dial and go, this camera takes amazing pictures. I previously owned a Digital Rebel XT which was great as well, but this is far better for a few reasons. First it is faster to start, it has the adjustable LCD viewfinder, and most importantly shoots HD video. The video quality is ridiculously good as well AND I only need to carry and operate one camera now.I replaced the kit lens with an EF-S 18-135mm and 55-250mm and with my tripod can take just about any shot and video even at his baseball games. Combine a battery grip and 32GB memory card and I can get through an entire tournament shooting a ton of pictures and short videos.I bought a killer camera like this BECAUSE I am not a photographer and it allows me to take great pictures and video.I highly recommend this camera to anyone in a similar situation, it has paid for itself many times over already.
camera|Great camera that gives the 7d a run for its money. It's not a sealed body like the 7d, but if you care for it as you should anyway, that shouldn't be an issue. The only problem, which for us is HUGE, is that it will drain batteries within a few days when sitting OFF in a camera bag or on the shelf. It seems to use a huge amount of power when off. Called Canon and they said, "yes, they can do that," like, "so? did you have any other stupid questions?" Our 7D and even the 60D never did that. The two Elph 300 camera's we use for quick shots of sets and what not will last MONTHS on a battery just sitting in an un-used state in the camera. This T3i will drain batteries if they are left in a camera body whether or not it's on, so we have to store batteries outside the camera. Which means it's no good for news or run and gun stuff. We're selling it and going to something else since we can't have a camera that drains a brand-new, fully charged Canon battery in three days while sitting on the shelf or that we have to find the battery to install it to take a quick shot.
camera|I was not a photo enthusiast like some of the reviewers who were seasoned to the "DSLR" terminologies and technology and I can associate with the few that have come from the "point & shoot" camera experience & the typical knowledge gained through this type of interaction.My choice to move to a DSLR was not an easy one but what I can say is that I had to do some homework like some of the buyers from which I would have been previewed to two names having made their mark in the DSLR photography world being Canon and Nikon. The pros and cons of which I would not go into because the fact remains in the ultimate choice of a person and in the finances they have at their disposal sine both these brands have similar features with "+s and -s" in their own distinctive categories over which they have ruled and still improving on respectively.What I can say from my interaction and use of the camera has improved my photos tremendously and this is mostly in part to the extended and fully capable feature set of this camera. It has been a great introductory DSLR experience for me and this is what I can base my recommendation on and it has only served to improved my thirst for creating better images which has led me to researching materials and training videos to get my skill set up to scratch.I bought the camera with the standard EF-S 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 IS lens and it is a great learning lens for beginners I can definitely see myself progressing to other high-powered lens as I immerse further into the DSLR world and image photography. All with the ultimate goal of transforming what the eyes see on a daily basis into photography, capturing the moment in time and translating it into a story that can be felt by many through their own eyes.I will definitely recommend this camera to those who want to take the bold leap into the DSLR photography world, I can assure you that you will be amazed....
camera|I received this camera as a Christmas present. I already have the Canon T1i and have used it and loved it and thought that it would take a lot to beat it but the T3i has. Using the kit lens from my T1i which is basically the same lens available with the T3i I took fantastic low light shots of my daughter's Christmas tree without a flash. I used the "P" setting with auto ISO and was very happy with the results. I used a Tamaron 18-270 MM lens to take some low light shots of my house and the Christmas lights and again was amazed at the results. Noise levels at even high ISO are very minimal and can be cleaned up with a good editing program. I have yet to explore all the features of this camera or use the HD video feature but if it is as good as the results I have already seen, it will be amazing. I am retired and have taken up digital photography as a hobby and while I am no expert or even close, I do consider myself to be an informed amateur and always research any camera before purchase so when I received this from my wife without my input I was a bit surprised but seeing the results very very happy. The camera can be used by someone new to a DSLR with great results and I am sure that someone who is familiar with all the bells and whistles this camera has will produce amazing results. I used the T1i while my friend used a Canon 1D and I feel my pictures where as good as his despite that the 1D is a superior camera so I am sure that the T3i will produce even better results. I would recommend that any person interested in a great DSLR purchase this camera. I also suggest that while the kit lens does a great job you invest in at least one good zoom lens that will expand your ability to take fantastic pictures.
camera|We just bought this camera a little over a week ago. It's our first DSLR camera. I have barely been able to put it down since I took it out of the box. When I'm at work, all I can think about it getting home to take more pictures with my camera! It takes amazing photographs, with crystal clear images. It's easy to navigate for a beginner too. We did buy a few books so we can read about some of the more in-depth features of the camera, but so far we are very, very pleased. I promise you won't be dissapointed with this purchase!
camera|My first SLR..What a good choice for me. It came naturally since I've been using Canon's point and shoot camera's for 35 years. I haven't put it down since I brought if home. Yes, I'm new, and YUP, its fast, accurate and the LCD w/o a doubt is clear, and super fun. My husband was drying our pretty Papillon, I was laying on the bed, taking pics upside down, why, cuz I could! I love how you can take pics at just about every which way your laying, standing, whatever way, its great! Since the SLR is new to me, I have some learning, but so far, it's GREAT. Images are super sharp, clear and despite I don't have a zoom lens, its pretty sweet. We had a nice sunset tonight, and images VERY crisp, and beautiful, along w/ the color.If this is your first SLR, Go for it!!!
camera|I want this review to help those who appreciate good quality pictures and videos to capture family moments that can be viewed back without saying " I wish the pictures were crisper and more colorful". I am an avid home photographer with no desire to learn any more about my camera than to take pictures in the 'auto' mode that comes with cameras.I've always kept a Canon point and shoot and a Sony video cam (~2005) since my first child was born, and have great photos/videos marking many milestones. I held back from upgrading my DV Video cam to a HD video cam knowing that soon enough (2 years?), I would find a single device to take with me that does pictures and HD video. I started looking into such devices in 2010. I was glad I saw the Sony NEX 5 that had high reviews on dpreview.com. Went with it for Christmas when I had my favorite extended family members and their kids with me for the first time with my new born. It was meant to be a season to remember. Guess what? The pictures were too soft when compared to my previos Canon point and shoot. The HD video was better than my Sony DV camcorder though. But the pictures left me 'wishing'. Kept it for a couple more months while checking dpreview.com if new products that did pictures and HD video were out. Then came across the Olympus PEN EPL2. Sold my Sony Nex 5 for half-price and went for the PEN. Even with the PEN, I was found 'wishing the pictures came out better'. There were no other products that I wanted to try as I slowly was losing hope for one camera that did it all. Then came the Canon T3i.BOY! AM I GLAD I BOUGHT IT! This is a regular DSLR and bulkier than the Sony Nex 5 and Olympus E-PL2 which are Micro Four Thirds. But the pictures and video immediately delighted me. The colors were nicely reproduced. The flash lighting in indoor shots was excellent (a main draw-back with the Sony NEX 5 and Olympus Pen E-PL2). Most family shots are indoors and a good flash is necessary.I can say that I have stopped wishin for good pictures and instead enjoy the beautiful pictures from the Canon T3i with the kit lense. My search for a product that does both stills and video with great quality is complete.
camera|Hey guys, I'm sure if you were as excited about your DSLR purchase as I was, I am not the first review you've read. So let me keep it short and simple.If you're new, this camera with a kit lens is NOT going to disappoint. There's so much to learn on it right off the bat that you will not notice any of the things more experienced photographers might complain about (then again, you're spending way less too!). Excellent pictures. Excellent videos. As one reviewer put it 99% of people looking at your photos are going to see a beautiful picture. The other 1% are professional photographers who are nitpicking things you don't care about or notice.Camera takes brilliant pictures in auto, and even more brilliant pictures once you learn you play around with the settings. If you're trying to decide between this and another camera, do what I did. Write down what you want. Then go watch review videos with a pad and paper. Write pros and cons of each, then see what works best for you. I was comparing to the Nikon D5100 and found that since I want to do more with video, I wanted this for its better manual video and audio controls. While the 5100 has somewhat of a continuous autofocus, many complain that it doesn't give you much control and I find the T3i manual focus a breeze to use in video. Allows you to get more creative too.Anyway, whatever you decide, the Nikon and Canon DSLRs are all great cameras. Write down what you want your camera for, write pros and cons of each camera, quit stressing, order, and start shooting!Good luck!
camera|I started my own youtube channel about a year back. At the time all I had was my phone and a Toshiba Camileo H30. For the start-up of my channel it wasn't bad, but doing vlogs indoors left a lot to be desired as far as quality goes and just shooting in low-light in general would be a pain. So after research and talking to a few buddies. They couldn't say enough good things about the Canon T3i, I had to reconfirm their opinion with those of "Professionals" and long and behold almost all the reviews have really positive things to say about this camera.I bought this with a 50mm 1.8 lens and I am super happy that I did, low-light, dark nights (outdoor street lighting), indoors, outdoors it doesn't matter this camera has not let me down. This camera has a ton of buttons and modes for which I recommend reading up on if you decide to move-up from your phone or a point and shoot. After messing with it for about 2 hours I felt confident and I simply love this camera, pictures are nice and sharp, Video (can be shot in 1080p@30fps, 1080p@24, 720p@60p) comes out looking superb, Just be warned ahead of time that all the high-quality photos and videos come at the price of your memory card, especially the video aspect. It will eat up space super quick so I would recommend nothing less than a 16GB (Class 10) memory card to really have a great time with this camera.Also for those who will just buy the body as I did, this camera is classified as a 1.6 crop body, meaning that your lens will actually be a little tighter then what it says. For Example, the 50mm that I purchased really shoots at 80mm (1x50mm=50mm + .6x50mm=30 = 80mm shooting depth), which is pretty tight in spaces between 4 to 8 feet. So keep that in mind when thinking what your needs are, I think I would've been better suited with a 40mm (would shot as 64mm), but that is my fault and it does nothing to hinder the camera's performance when out in the open world.If you want to become semi-serious about your photography and HD Filming, I can't think of a better place to start. This camera has it all plus a pull-out rotatable rear 3.0 inch LCD screen which is just great thing to have for any occasion.Great Camera at a great price that will deliver great performance when capturing those moments in your life you need captured.
camera|This is a great camera. I had an XS for 4 years and while I love that camera my abilities out grew the functions of the XS. The t3i was the perfect upgrade for me as it has some fun new features to play around with but it is still something that I am used to and can take wonderful pictures with. I had thought about going for broke and upgrading to the 60D or possibly waiting for the t4i, but decided against it as the t3i and 60D are, in comparison, pretty much the same. And I did not want to pay more for the t4i and have to wait for it when I could get a decently priced t3i right at the very moment that I wanted it. I am not a videographer by any means, I love playing around with the video feature but it is not that important to me. If the video is more important than check out the t4i or the 60D
camera|This is my first DSLR and I couldn't be happier with it. I bought the body only, then got a Canon 28-105 lens seperately. I recently purchased a 50mm f/1.8 lens as well.The camera is very easy to learn how to use. I watched some videos on youtube and skimmed the manual online while I was waiting for it to come in the mail (I ordered it from a different site around New Year's, so I had about a week and a half wait from when I ordered it) and as soon as I got it, charged the battery and started using it. Before this, I was using my video camera or old point and shoot for stills, but I have used a couple of other people's DSLRs (on auto mode). I've been using this exclusively in manual mode so far and it took a little bit the first day to get used to picking the right exposure settings, but once I got used to it, it's not bad. This camera takes really great photos.Other good things are: compared to my Canon Vixia HF200 (video camera), the battery seems to last a comparable length with video and the recording rate is somewhere around 5.5 mb/s with the T3i, where it goes up to 24mb/s (I believe) on the HF200, so the videos don't take up as much room on the memory card or my computer, but they look better because of the lenses and, I assume, the proccessing. The audio is surprisingly good too. I shoot videos at shows occasionaly(**Youtube search username chunkvideos and look at the Pianos Become The Teeth videos for the best example**), I manually adjusted the audio level to the lowest possible level (it indicated clipping otherwise) and the video actually sounds really good. That being said, when you're not in a loud environment, the internal mic picks up all of the camera and handling noises, so the fact that it has a mic input jack will come in handy in getting better audio.The autofocus works good sometimes. I'm trying to mostly use manual focus unless I'm taking a photo of my puppy running around the yard or something with similar action (which is also hard to autofocus on, btw). I used autofocus the first few days and it wouldn't always focus where I wanted it to (it'd focus on my puppy's nose or toys instead of her eyes, etc). I know there is a way to select focus points, but I'd rather just do it manually, plus it doesn't have full time autofocus while shooting video. Autofocusing on video does not look or sound good with this camera.I haven't used the vari-angle screen as much as I thought I would yet, but even without using it for different angles, it's pretty convenient. I like that I can store it with the screen facing towards the camera body, so it's protected. I also like that when I have it flipped out to the side, my nose isn't against the screen and there is a little extra room for my face when I'm looking through the viewfinder. I have tried "self portraits" with it (in quotes because half of them were just me pointing the camera at my face), but it's hard to do without a tripod because neither of my lenses will focus closer than 18". It's kind of hard with a tripod too, because of focusing before you get to where you're going to stand (again, autofocus wouldn't focus on my face).Continuous shooting and exposure bracketing are really nice features. I also like that you can do both with a timer. Exposure bracketing is something that I overlooked when I was researching camera options, because I didn't know what it was. You can quickly and easily set your camera to take 3 continuous photos with the same aperature, but at different shutter speeds, so it produces an under exposed, normally exposed, and over exposed version of the same shot (assuming you use a tripod or hold the camera really still) and if you use software that can merge the three images into one, you can create an image that shows details in the dark, light, and medium areas of the photo. For instance, in a normal photo of a sunset, the sun would be bright and anything like trees or buildings in the foreground would be dark, merging would allow you to see details in the foreground too.Pros:-Photo quality-Manual settings-Ease of use-Manual focus-Low noise-Good low light shots-1080p video with good quality-Manual settings for video-Vari-angle screen-Mic input jack-Manual audio levels-Small file sizes for HD video-Not too big or heavy-The flash doesn't pop up in manual mode (it hasn't for me anyway)-It actually comes with usable software (I've been doing all of my photo editing with the included software, I think it's called Digital Photo Professional)-It can store camera and lens setting information on your photos (not literally on them, but in the file information)-Continuous shooting works nicely-Exposure bracketing is a cool feature which allows you to edit high dynamic range photos-Able to use a timer and choose how many shots you want the camera to take and if you want it to be exposure bracketed or notCons:-Autofocus hasn't worked well for me-Cropped sensor makes it hard to get wide angle shots without spending a lot on a nice lensUpdate: I've gotten some better lenses since writing this review and the autofocus issue seems to have had to do with the lenses and not the camera.
camera|For a so called entry level camera the t3i does an excellent job. If your primary interest is taking pictures and not getting all involved with gee whiz technology the t3i is the ticket. I shoot exclusively in raw and aperture priority at mostly low ISO's. IQ is very good using the kit 18-135. I suspect IQ would be even better with a higher quality lens.The only occasional fault is missing focus once in a while. Be sure it has something specific to focus on; don't just point out in the landscape and hope for the best. Those who shoot people and events should never miss focus.
camera|Starting a small photo business and needed a back-up camera to my Canon 7D. Have really been impressed with the performance of the T3i. The large flip out screen is useful to get some dramatic shots from different angles. The light weight (compared to the 7D) is actually a bonus when hand holding the camera while taking video. Photo quality is superb especially at low light levels. Took wonderful action photos at the Phillies game last night using a Canon 18-200 lens on the T3i and a 3200 iso setting.
camera|My buying experience with Amazon hs been great. The Canon T3I with an 18-135mm lens, for me, is the product I wanted at a price I was willing to pay. I recommend that any buyer of a DSLR establish what they want for features and set a price point they wish to pay, then do your research. Make sure you buy from a reputable store whether on-line or brick & mortar.
camera|Very happy with the picture quality, great upgrade from P & S. T3i fits a smaller hand, 60D is a little bulky & heavy for me (personal preference). Decided to go with T3i instead of T4i and save the $300 diff. for a better lens.
camera|T3I18.0 Megapixel CMOS (APS-C) sensor and DIGIC 4 Image Processor for high image quality and speed.ISO 100 - 6400 (expandable to 12800) for shooting from bright to dim light.Improved EOS Full HD Movie mode with manual exposure control, expanded recording [1920 x 1080 Full HD video at frame rates of 30 (29.97), 24 (23.976) and 25.0 frames per second] with new Movie Digital zoom and Video Snapshot features for enhanced movie shooting options.Vari-angle 3.0-inch Clear View LCD monitor (3:2) for shooting at high or low angles and 1,040,000-dot VGA with reflection reduction using multi coating and high-transparency materials for bright and clear viewing.New Scene Intelligent Auto mode and Picture Style Auto incorporating the new EOS Scene Detection System to capture beautiful scenes with ease.Express your creativity with advanced imaging features like Basic+ function, Multi-Aspect function and Creative Filters.Enhanced metering with a 63-zone, Dual-layer metering system for accurate metering between exposures, and 9-point AF system utilizing a high precision, f/2.8 cross-type center point.3.7 fps continuous shooting up to approximately 34 JPEGs or approximately 6 RAW.New Feature Guide offers short descriptions of each function and Quick Control screen for easy operation.Compatibility with SD/SDHC/SDXC memory cards.Compatible with the full line of Canon EF and EF-S lenses.The EOS Rebel T3i has an 18.0 Megapixel CMOS (Complementary Metal Oxide Semiconductor) sensor that captures images with exceptional clarity and tonal range and offers more than enough resolution for big enlargements or crops. This first-class sensor features many of the same new technologies as used by professional Canon cameras to maximize each pixel's light-gathering efficiency. Its APS-C size sensor creates an effective 1.6x field of view (compared to 35mm format).T2I vs T3I18.0 Megapixel CMOS (APS-C) sensor and DIGIC 4 Image Processor for high image quality and speed.ISO 100-6400 (expandable to 12800) for shooting from bright to dim light.Improved EOS Movie mode with manual exposure control, expanded recording, new Movie Crop recording in 640 x 480 and external microphone IN terminal for access to improved sound quality.Enhanced iFCL 63-zone, Dual-layer metering system; and 9-point AF system utilizing a high-precision, f/2.8 cross-type center point.Wide 3.0-inch (3:2 aspect ratio) Clear View LCD monitor (1.04 million dots) for improved viewing.New Quick Control Screen button for easy access to frequently used settings.Improved layout with dedicated Live View/Movie shooting button.New compatibility with SDXC memory cards, plus new menu status indicator for Eye-Fi* support.3.7 fps continuous shooting up to approximately 34 JPEGs or approximately 6 RAW.Compatible with the full line of Canon EF and EF-S lenses.The EOS Rebel T2i has an 18.0 Megapixel CMOS (complementary metal oxide semiconductor) sensor that captures images with exceptional clarity and tonal range and offers more than enough resolution for big enlargements or crops. This first-class sensor features many of the same new technologies as used by professional Canon cameras to maximize each pixel's light-gathering efficiency. Its APS-C size sensor creates an effective 1.6x field of view (compared to 35mm format).The 60 D vs the T3I and T2I18.0 Megapixel CMOS sensor and DIGIC 4 Imaging Processor for high image quality and speed.ISO 100 - 6400 (expandable to 12800) for shooting from bright to dim light.Improved EOS HD Video mode with manual exposure control, expanded recording, Movie Crop recording in 640 x 480, sound recording level adjustment and an external microphone IN terminal for access to improved sound quality.Vari-angle 3.0-inch Clear View LCD monitor for shooting at low angles and 1,040,000-dot VGA with reflection reduction using multi coating and high-transparency materials for bright and clear viewing.5.3 fps continuous shooting up to approx. 58 Large/JPEGs and 16 RAW.96% viewfinder coverage allowing you to see more of your image in the viewfinder.Enhanced iFCL 63-zone, Dual-layer metering system; and 9-point AF system utilizing a high-precision, f/2.8 cross-type center point.New convenient in-camera features allow you to convert RAW images into JPEGs and set the images to a 3:2 aspect ratio.Compatibility with SD/SDHC/SDXC memory cards.Compatible with the full line of Canon EF and EF-S lenses.The EOS 60D features a new, Canon-designed 18.0 Megapixel APS-C size CMOS sensor that captures such a high level of resolution, it's easy to crop images for enlargement without concern of losing detail. A major factor in reducing noise, the CMOS sensor assures that images shot at highest sensitivity will be remarkably smooth.Features worth notingWhen you look at this class of DSLR, sophisticated entry level, there are a handful of impressive features that add value to this investment. In addition to a reliable picture taking machine, T3i owners can experiment with off-camera flash, record HD movies with great audio, and creatively play with their images while they're still in camera. Here are a few of those highlights.Built-In Wireless Flash Control (new feature for Rebels) If you have an external Canon flash unit with wireless slave capability, such as the Speedlite 430EX II, you can fire it off-camera with the T3i. You don't need a separate wireless controller. Options include firing a single off-camera flash, balancing the off-camera flash with the built-in flash unit on the T3i, or operating multiple external flashes. The upshot is that with just one external flash and the T3i, you have a number of flexible lighting options. This is a powerful feature for a consumer camera, putting pro lighting techniques at your fingertips for an affordable price.Vari Angle LCD (new feature for Rebels) The T3i's adjustable LCD is an excellent design for recording video. You flip open the LCD, then swing it out. You can angle up or down, or turn it completely around and fold it against the back of the camera. The resolution is terrific both for Live View capture and playback. When you're done, turn the screen around and secure it face-first against the back of the camera to protect it during transport. This encourages capture from a variety of angles helping you make more interesting movies while not straining your back and neck in the process.Full HD Movie Recording with Controls On the T3i you can record 1920x1080 video at 24, 25, or 30 fps; plus 1280 x 720 video at 50 or 60 fps; or standard definition 640 x 480 video at 25 or 30 fps. Emerging filmmakers can opt for auto or manual exposure mode while shooting video, and even choose between auto and manual options for recording audio. The audio is further enhanced thanks to the built-in mini-stereo mic jack for an external microphone. There's even a built-in wind filter.Video Snapshot Function This feature allows you to record a series of 2, 4, or 8 second video clips, then, without editing, the T3i combines them into one movie that can be saved to your Mac or played via the HDMI port that allows direct connectivity to an HDTV. Each Snapshot is saved to an album after you record it, and you have the opportunity to keep or discard the clip. Once you've captured the various sequences, go to playback mode and watch the fast-paced move you've just created. It's a cool feature that saves you a trip to the desktop movie editor. Once you're finished, disable the Video Snapshot mode to return to regular movie making.Creative Filters After you've captured an image, you can continue to play with it via the Creative Filters mode in the playback menu. There are five to choose from: Grainy B/W, Soft Focus, Fish-Eye Effect, Toy Camera Effect, and Miniature Effect. Once you choose an effect, you can apply one of three different strengths. When you're finished, the T3i processes the image and saves it as a separate file on the memory card. The new Fish-Eye effect is a new addition to the Creative Filter line up, and one of the most interesting effects. Be careful, though, it can be addictive.Setting Maximum Speed for Auto ISO Existing-light photographers will appreciate the ability to set the maximum speed for Auto ISO. Auto ISO, without a top limit setting, can sometimes result in noisy photographs. The T3i allows you to set the maximum ISO speed to a level you're comfortable with so you can use this feature with confidence.The available range is from 400 to 6400. If you're conservative about how high you want the ISO to go, then you can choose a setting such as 800 for the top end limit. But because this camera performs so well at higher ISOs, you can easily set the limit to ISO 1600 or 3200 and still get very good image quality. The choice is yours.Star Ratings In Camera While viewing images in playback mode on the T3i, you can assign a star rating to it. These ratings are transferable to Aperture, Bridge, and Lightroom, but not iPhoto. So when you upload your images to your Mac, the star ratings are displayed to help you immediately identify your favorite shots.Copyright Information Setting When you access the Copyright Information tab in the Menu, you can set the author's name and copyright details for every shot that is recorded with the camera.Image qualityWith either kit lens, the 18-55mm or the 18-135mm, the Canon T3i provides excellent image quality in terms of sharpness and detail. If you're tempted to upgrade to the 18-135mm kit lens for its extended zoom range (29-216mm in 35mm terms), then it's probably worth the bump in price. But in terms of image quality, the 18-55mm holds its own nicely against the upgraded zoom. So don't expect better pictures with the more expensive kit option. Base your decision on zooming range, not picture quality.Even though either kit zoom isn't a particularly fast lens (maximum aperture ranges from f/3.5 to f/5.6 on both), the T3i is a reasonable low light performer because you can push the ISO to 1600, even 3200, and still get quality images.In our lab tests, the T3i performed incredibly well in its test group, earning a word score of Superior in the Exposure, Color, Sharpness, and Distortion categories. Click on any of our lab's test images to view the original files.DrawbacksThe limited amount of physical real estate on the T3i seems to have influenced the location of control buttons. The Menu and Info buttons are awkwardly placed in the upper left corner of the back of the camera. They're not nearly as easy to access there as, for example, the 60D's placement of them on the right side.The T3i would also benefit from the addition of a dedicated movie record button. Currently, you have to rotate the Mode dial to movie mode, then you can initiate recording with the Live View button on the back of the camera. It would be nice to directly access movie recording for those spontaneous moments.And finally, as with most Canon cameras, Auto White Balance produces excessively orange cast when shooting without a flash under tungsten lightingI would recommend that to anyone looking to buy a DSLR and it's probably the best DSLR I know today
camera|This camera was purchased for my son (20 years old) as a gift. The images and video he is capturing are stunning. He quickly learned how to operate the camera and has been able to show the rest of us enough for us to snap pictures of him when he wants to be part of the subject matter. I would recommend this to anyone who is serious about photography or videography. While there are Canon models which are even a notch above these, for most people, the T3i will be the perfect choice.
camera|First off, I have been in the video production business for 30+ years and have used all sorts of DSL cameras for video and since video gives you 30 frames per second, I feel my knowledge of photography can match that of most pro still photographers therefore I feel confident when I say, this is the best camera for your dollar. I recently went on a cruise to Alaska and found myself hiking up a mountain, sweating a lot with the camera around my neck I learned once I made it back to the bottom of the mountain, that the camera was acting up.. I guess some of that sweat ended up in the camera and basically it became a brick. Once back on the ship, I tore it apart and over night it dried itself.. in the morning it was working completely fine and I have never again witnessed a problem.. learned my lesson however and have since placed a rain hood on it.The tech on this thing is great, with the ability to not only shoot in RAW mode but RAW+ mode, giving you both types of files for each shot.. this is a great time-saving feature, not having to convert from RAW for those shots that do not require the major file size.Leaving it in auto mode, even a child can use it since it is completely auto. My friend who has never used an SLR before bought the T2i at Costco before the cruise so I was teaching her the basics and she caught on pretty quick. She had troubles with one of her lens when she gave the camera to me to take her picture, I thought it was a hair on the gate but it turned out to be part of the autofocus gear as the autofocus would not function without a small nudge. Upon returning to Seattle she returned it to Costco for a full exchange as they didn't have any in stock, she ended up buying a new one when in Texas and even saved a little on the tax. That being said, and the fact that hers was the T2i and this review is about the T3i.. the only real difference was the retractable viewfinder which is a must for me, that and the video mode offers a few more enhancements but I don't believe anyone should be buying a DSLR for the sole purposes of shooting video but that being said, you most certainly can use it, especially with all the available remote adapters (ie: focus puller, cables)The battery life is very good. I purchased two additional batteries knowing full well what it is like in the field when you are running low on juice.
camera|I've always considered myself a "Good Amature" photographer. I bought a used Canon EX back in the 70' when my first son was born. Over the years I must have taken a million pictures with that guy. As time went by and digital technology got better I bought a Sony Cyber-shot 3.3 maga pixels. It has a fairly large Carl Zeiss Lens and took beautiful pictures but was slow. When my youngest son started playing basketball I needed something faster I went back to my Canon 35mm camera and got good shots but the digital age has spoiled me and I hated having to wait for prints to be developed. I went ahead and bought a Sony Digial Handycam and took movies of his whole high school basketball and football career. Fast foward to 2011. I decided that I needed an SLR camera again. I was missing too much with the point and shoot camera that I had. It was good for shooting outdoors but in low light situations it did poorly. I started shopping around for SLRs. After reading a lot of reviews and it came down to a Canon or a Nikon. I went with the Canon because I had history with Canon and felt comfortable with it. I bought it from Amazon, they had a summer deal going on and I got the long lens added to the package for $30 bucks. Out of the box this guy is fantastic, it takes beautiful low and very low light pictures. Everything I have shot with this camera has come out sharp and crisp. I bought a DVD telling how to get more out of this camera and am amazed with it's capabilieies. I'm trying to learn how to do everything that is possible with this camera but that'll take a while. I'm also finding that many of the quality accessories for SLRs are very resonably priced. Bottom Line; Everytime I pick this guy up, I feel like I'm shaking hands with an old friend.
camera|I have had my Rebel Ti3 camera and kit lens for about 3 weeks. I purchased an extra battery, remote and Tamron 70-300 lens, digital card, and two polarizing filters for the two lenses. Everything came promptly and in great working order. My wife and I had just finished re-landscaping our backyard with waterfalls, ponds, many varieties of flowers and flowering shrubs, and then invited our children and grand children for the 4th of July celebration. I expected the Ti3 to be amazing and it is. I made quite a jump from the fixed lens Canon Powershot professional 8 mgp. It was like entering a whole new world of photography! My experience with the extra f-stops, ISOs, lens stabilization felt like being let out of jail! The photos came out of camera requiring minimal tweaking in Photoshop; a real time-saver! I was very pleased with how well the built-in flash worked (the one that came with the PS Pro was feeble at best). I have a Canon 430 Speedlight and never needed it once, but as I begin to take more time with flowers and other macros, I look forward to using the Speedlight as a wireless flash. The most pleasant surprise, though, was the performance the Tamron zoom lens. WOW! Sharp at all focal lengths. I opted for this lens over the newer Tamron 18-270, which is considerably more compact, but the reviews showed significant compromise in sharpness as it zooms out. Although the 70-300 is BIG, it isn't too big, and it makes great photos! This was my retirement gift to myself. While I retired in January, I took my time on this purchase and glad I did. Look, this was a great shopping experience from top to bottom. The Amazon website handled half the order directly but coordinated perfectly with the other three purveyors. Everything shipped and delivered on schedule. AND, I used $200 worth of points from my Amazon/Chase credit card against the purchase. It felt like family!
camera|I was tired of the point-and-shoots and needed a camera I can depend on to catch my kids teams in action. Well the first weekend I got this camera, I couldn't believe the quality of the photos it could take. I spent the weekend experimenting and I couldn't be happier with the quality of the still shots. beautifully clear and richer than anything that I've gotten from a point-and-shoot and the ability of this camera to capture action shots is stunning thank you Canpn
camera|I researched several SLR's before deciding on the Canon T3i. I'm happy with my choice so far, having purchased the camera first of all to take high quality photos of fairly small works of sculpture art, using the Canon 60mm macro lens. For that use, the camera and lens seem to work very well. I find the ergonomic arrangement of controls on the camera to very very intuitive and pleasant to use. The camera feels solid and is easy to hold with the very adequate right hand grip that has a rubberized cover allowing the user to maintain a firm grip. The menu system for adjusting camera settings is also well designed and easy to use. The adjustment wheel just behind the shutter button makes changing settings very simple when in manual mode. I especially like the articulated LCD screen on the back of the camera that allows it to be positioned so that otherwise very awkward camera positions (ie, overhead, or low to the ground) are easily possible. The view finder is very clear and has all basic settings info on the bottom border. The camera comes with a comfortable, good quality neck strap and is quite light and small compared to other SLRs. Battery life seems to be very good - longer than I expected. The included corded battery charger will appeal to some, but not to those who prefer the travel type charger with a swing-out plug. This is not a professional level SLR, but it performs very well as a small, light APS-C camera.
camera|Honestly, if you are tempted to use the t3i for video, then you have probably (certainly :) ) read the t4i reviews as well. Luckily if you are weighing up which one is better its really simple because one has a "killer" feature and the other hasdifferent "killer" feature. You just have to chose which one you want..I'll tell you what is , if it's useful just click my review as helpful..Oh go on then, I'll tell you anyway :)Up until this camera came along I used an hd camcorder for my video and a dslr for my bird photography. This camera along with the 70-300mm lens means "one camera does all". This is because the t3i has a 3x zoom with no loss in quality and really without pixel peeping that is pretty much true.In a nutshell the newer t4i with the newer sensor and the "autofocus" loses this feature...mmm If you are are even contemplating filming on safari, or birds in you're bag yard getting a 900mm lens with your 300mm lens is just too useful to lose.The video quality is great but you need to work at it. Its certainly not as easy to use as a dedicated camcorder but the results can be better.So if you're thinking of getting the t3i, reading the reviews, comparing it to the 6t4i and countless others you're probably pulling your hair out at all the pros and cons? Am I close. I'm a photographer and have used this, the t4i and its sony equivalent.But herein lies the real point of this camera and the t4i and the others. You know its the person behind the camera that takes the pictures but do you really know it? This and the t4i take pictures so good (if you have the skill) you could blow it up the size of front door but are you going to want to. The thing no sellers want to tell you is that for years, maybe 5 , all of the big names have been making great dslr. Since the nikon d40 perhaps. But you really want to know, if you bought this, would you be happy or buying a pup?. Be reassured that neither canon, nikon or sony make chocolate teapots. They know how to make a great camera and this is one.So the photos will be great and its a great camera, you've read other reviews so I won't duplicate what you have already read but one thing you may not have read is about the video. All the makers have got dslr right. No pups in sight, but video is a relatively new feature and Sony have tbh been leading the way. This camera sets to rectify that.It doesn't have autofocus but a lot of places on the net, say it's not needed, you should be using manual focus. That's nonsense. Manual focus is ok at times but can be a pain. Filming your dog on the beach for example..You could go for the autofocus on the t4i is actually pretty good. Not as good as a camcorder but pretty good. The slowest part is for it to get going. But when it's locked on its sound. Well worth having. So thats sorted right..err no, not really. This is the t4i 's killer feature. Trouble is, they left out the killer feature from this t3i. The 3x zoom with "no loss in quality". So here is the choice if you are buying this for video.if you want you're 300mm zoom to be able to zoom to 900mm for filming sport or wildlife. It's the t3i for youIf you love the idea of autofocus (or hate the idea of doing it the old fashioned way) its the t4i for you.In my opinion if you're considering the other makes like Sony, it comes down to who makes the the lens you are likely to want. I know I have focused (terrible pun intended) about video but hey, there has been thousands of photo reviews already about iso , shutter speed etc etc. Nothing for me to add there!One more thing I forgot to mention (and yes it is regarding the video) is that to get great video you need to use the right settings in the menu.Unfortunately these are counter intuitive and if you don't use them you may be under whelmed. This is helpful, So if you are considering using it for video here are a few "must have" things you might need to go with it.Make better videos with your dslr or camcorderVelbon DV7000 3-Section Ultra Heavy Duty Tripod with Geared Center Column, 2-Way Fluid Head and QB-6RL Quick Shoe, Max Height 64-inch, Supports 9.9 lbsRode VideoMic Directional Video Condenser Microphone w/MountSo now I have spent ten minutes typing away, telling you how I like the t3i for video (I do) do me a little favour and click that you find this helpful. Unless you don't. Either way you will enjoy this camera .. We live in good times to take photos as there are so many great cameras and this is definitely one of them. If anyone wants them, comment and I will try to post a linkI have done lots of tests and made quite a few films with this camera just do a search on youtube for alex sally and you'll find my channel. I have also found what I think is the best setting to use to get a natural look.If you intend using it for video you will need a tripod for sure and probably an external mic. if you want to get the best from it.I'm joking that as a camera "it's ok" . The camera part has been reviewed fully on here and lets be honest no dslr in this price bracket by any make isn't capable of producing great results and this one is no different.Happy shooting..
camera|I've been a Canon customer since 1978, when I bought the 35mm Canon A-1, and I've had a Canon SLR ever since. Getting the new flagship model every three or four years was something I did for a long time, but when D-SLRs came along, I began downsizing after the EOS 1Ds I got in 2004. In 2007 I moved to EOS 40D and, although losing the full-size sensor was a sacrifice, it was a step in the right direction. With my recent purchase of the T3i, it's another move away from the professional models.Why would I do that? It's not so much the cost of new cameras that has shaped my decisions to downgrade; it's the size. While professional equipment is important to me, so are professional looking photos. And the truth is, after the newness wears off a D-SLR, I tend frequently to leave the big gun behind and rely on an advanced compact or ultrazoom for most of my shooting. As a result, I have more point-and-shoot pictures than I do pro quality ones.This tendency has ended with the purchase of the T3i. The camera is modestly sized, and I never leave home without it. With the 18-55mm kit lens (very nice little lens for its specs) or 24-105L, it's not any bigger than the Fuji Finepix HS10 I leaned on for most of my shooting this past year. And while the HS10 is hands down the best ultrazoom camera I ever used, the difference in image quality, performance and even video between it and the T3i is night and day.The T3i may not be blazing fast like my 1Ds or the 40D, but 90% of the shooting I do is not that kind of photography, anyway. What the T3i excels at is image quality. I have a whole raft of photos that, eked and tweaked to maximum effect in Photoshop, are only a little better than average because they were taken with a point-and-shoot camera. This camera's image quality, I'm happy to say, is superlative! So are the videos. Rebel T3i is almost too good to be true.An articulating LCD is something I've come to insist upon, and this one is by far the best I've ever used. I don't use Live View every time, but I've certainly been in that mode a lot more frequently with this model than with the 40D! In review mode, the refresh rate is a bit slow when zooming in to look at details, but it's not as slow as reviewing pictures on, say, Panasonic DMC-ZS7. (I did test Canon EOS 60D at Best Buy and noticed that the refresh rate is much faster on that model--perhaps because of the larger battery--but it's really not enough of an issue to deduct a star.)The resolution of the LCD is superb, and because it can be tilted and twisted to advantage, it can be viewed even in strong sunlight.Although the nine-point autofocus system is getting criticism for lagging behind Nikon, focus is swift and accurate. At 3.7 fps, burst mode is cut nearly in half from my 40D's 6.5 fps, but so far this has not hampered my ability to catch fast moving subjects.I appreciate the Lighting Optimizer function and use it a lot under the harsh lighting conditions in the desert where I live. It is of incalculable value.I have yet to haul out the owner's manual, thanks to the on-board guide. Of course it helps that I've owned Canon D-SLRs before, but adjusting settings on this camera is a lot different than on my previous ones. There have been some settings I would have normally needed to consult a manual for, but it hasn't been necessary because the answers are in-camera. (I never shoot in Auto, by the way. I'm a manual mode kinda gal.)Because images are very clean up to ISO 1600 and are usable even at ISO 6400, taking along the Speedlight flash so far has not been necessary. Yet another plus with this Canon iteration.There's something about blown highlights that really sets my teeth on edge, but that has not been a problem, thanks to the T3i's Highlight Tone Priority function. Dynamic range is very good to excellent, even a hair better than my 40D. Colors are more accurate, too. I prefer the contrast one stop under the camera's default setting, which is, admittedly, fairly punchy and will result in a blown highlight here and there. Reducing contrast just a tad fixes that.Eighteen megapixel resolution is outstanding.Sometimes I think about the EOS 60D's speedier performance, more advanced autofocus system and that wonderful electronic level and wonder if I made the right choice. But then I remember the heft and bulk of that camera and all the times I've left my SLR at home for those very reasons, and I know the T3i was the right decision. I really, really like this new camera--and I take it everywhere!
camera|I have had the camera 2+ days. Finally upgraded from standard point-and-shoot. The camera is awesome so far. Very happy with the purchase, and look forward to learning about better photography.Recommended as a first-time DSLR, the T3i has ample features. There is so much to do with this camera. As soon as I learn one feature, it's on to the next exciting one. Takes gorgeous photographs. Just last night, I took some outstanding low-light shots that were exciting for a newbie like me, and would not have been do-able with a standard point-and-shoot.I really like the swivel on the live view when doing video clips, which was another reason I chose this camera over competitive models. You can use the live view to shoot stills as well, but I'm trying to learn the manual features and the viewfinder to get better acquainted with the camera. Just an FYI, you will need an SDHC card with a Series 6 rating or higher to do video. You can get a 16GB card on Amazon for a reasonable price.The stock lens seems to be fine as I am learning to use the camera. I plan on upgrading the lens once I get more comfortable with it. Again, there are some good values on Amazon for Canon lenses (just search 'Canon Lens' and you'll see the most popular buys).In closing, I took a long time to research and decide whether or not getting into a DSLR was worth it for me. Having now made the purchase, I can say without hesitation that it was well worth the money. Especially for a beginner like me, the T3i is a great camera.
camera|Hopefully this will help someone who is undecided between the Canon T3i and the 60D. I last used a 35mm SLR about 15 years ago. I was used to being able to quickly and easily adjust aperture, iso and shutter speed. Since then I've used a progression of Canon digital point and shoots. When I got the T3i I was expecting a similar experience to my SLR days, but was sorely disappointed. To make changes with the T3i, you have to navigate through a difficult to use menu one the LCD display. With the 60D you're able make those changes much more easily without using the LCD menu. The small screen on top of the camera is a big help and displays the current settings. Otherwise the two cameras are capable of taking the same quality photographs.If you can, I would suggest trying both cameras out and seeing which you're more comfortable using.Pros for the 60D: Change settings more quickly, longer battery lifeCons for the 60D: Heavier and more expensivePros for the T3i: Lighter and less expensive.Cons for the T3i: More difficult to navigate menu and change settings, also shorter battery life
camera|I looked at many items before pulling the trigger on the Canon T3i. I went to Best buy and tested out the Canon T2i, the Nikon D5100, the Canon 60D, and the Nikon D7000. After testing out all the products I came to the decision that the only cameras I liked that felt good in my hand were the Canon T2i, Nikon D5100 and the Can T3i. I went for the T3i over the T2i because of the articulating LCD screen. I personally preferred the Canon T3i over the Canon T2i because of that one reason only, which is not a huge deal. The reason I chose the T3i over the Nikon D5100 was because of video manual focus on the Canon and also the Nikon D5100 does not have a built-in focus motor. I am sure the Nikon D5100 is a spectacular camera and it sports a larder image sensor than the Canon. I just felt in my opinion that the Canon T3i was the best deal at $789.99 with the lens kit.I took the camera out to the beach and tested it and was amazed by the Canon T3i quality. I literally took a picture of a surfer 75 Yards away with the kit lens, and was able to zoom in, in Photoshop and crop an up close beautiful detailed picture of the surfer. The quality is amazing I am upgrading from a Canon XSI and love it. I also took a picture of a cherry tree that was about 30 yards away, and then opened it up in Photoshop, zoomed in, and could see cherries that I could not even see with my eyes from the spot where I took the picture. I can not wait to get Canon 15-85mm f/3.5-5.6 EF-S Zoom Lens and than I will be in some serious business.
camera|Wow. This camera is amazing. This is my first dSLR camera and I might as well have never been taking pictures when I had my point-and-shoot. I wanted a camera that was capable of actually taking useable pictures indoors and also have a touch of zoom on it. This does both great. I can't believe the quality and clarity indoors, even at night. With hardly any lights on it can take crisp photos with ease. I was able to zoom across a dimly lit 40-foot room, use the flash, and read the serial numbers off my camera's box! Amazing.The standard flash seems to work pretty well. I'll probably get an external flash eventually, but the one it comes with works great. Seems to be pretty powerful. I haven't tested it outside at night yet, though.I've only played with the video capabilities briefly. You set it up by finding your focus point and then roll from there. It keeps the focus well and only small adjustments are needed when depth in your focused subject changes. Might take a little work knowing when and how to change the focus during some action shots but eventually the non-autofocus throughout the video could end up being a positive rather than a negative due to customizing capabilities.The camera seems solid, but very light. I couldn't believe the difference between this camera and my dad's 60D (which had a smaller lens on his as well). It seems significantly lighter. I thought this was a great feature since I'll probably use the camera a lot on the go.The functions of the camera make sense. While I'm just a beginner, there seems to be a lot of room to learn with the camera. The ease of use is easy enough for my wife to follow without having to learn all the intricacies to shooting a manual shot. Yet all the manual capabilities are there when you want it.The live view screen is large, bright, and crisp. Very easy to read in any light setting.Overall, I LOVE the camera. While I would probably love any dSLR just coming from a point-and-shoot, the features of this camera are what attracted me to it. It is light, powerful, and easy to use with flexibility to grow. With such a powerful sensor for pictures and 1080p video capabilities, I feel this camera will be in my bag for many years to come.
camera|I'm a new DLSR user. I had my P&S for nearly 10 years (Canon of course), and I finally decided to take that leap into the big boy cameras. And I have to say, the T3i was truly the best pick for a beginner DLSR-er. My other option was the 5D Mark II, but it would have been too hi-tech for me (plus it does not come with a built-in flash), and not to mention $1200.00 more expensive.The Canon T3i is a perfect START for anyone who is not already familar with the DSLR cameras.The shutter sounds will need some getting used to, and auto-focus as well.I carry my camera everywhere I go, the pictures are fantasic. I would recommend getting a really good SD card to keep up with the camera. i.e. the Extreme III 32GB, which is much cheaper on Amazon than anywhere else. There is also the Extreme sold at local Best Buy's 16GB, which was the 1st upgrade from my basic point and shoot SD card class 2. Go with class 10 all the way.
camera|Like many other interested purchasers I struggled making the decision to go with the T3i. I'm definitely glad I opted for this camera. The most noticeable feature, the articulating LCD, is far more than a little add-on to me, since I have an issue with positioning myself to use a fixed position live view, much less the viewfinder when the camera is in some locations. The ability to use an external mic for stereo video sound is another great feature. The available settings & options seem nearly limitless to me at this point. Among the many other highlights is the quality of the 18 MP resolution. Since I just received the camera a week ago, I plan to update this review when I have more time with it.I went from a Canon XTi to this model and the transition has been totally AWESOME. I would strongly recommend the T3i to all of my friends.
camera|Since there are so many great reviews already that go in depth about the actual T3i, I am going to gear mine more towards what I struggled with the most when making my decision:1) Should I get the T3i over the T2i?2) Do I purchase the body only or the kit?I had a hard time deciding if I wanted to spend extra money for the flip out screen, but I'm so glad I did. I am a videographer and this thing is amazing with video (even better with fast lenses of course). Being that I shoot video, the fold out screen has been very useful in seeing what I am shooting whether the camera is high or low, for example, I am able to have the camera mounted on a monopod and lift it up over the dance floor at a wedding... Without the adjustable screen, many of my shots would be useless. Much of the research I did, didn't make a big deal of this, but I definitely think it worth the difference in price, if not more. If you just shoot photos, it may not be as necessary, but I'm sure it will still help more than you expect.If you're a professional photographer, you may want to skip the rest of this review. If you're new to DSLRs, DON'T GET THE KIT!!! I know its very tempting because as soon as your new toy comes in, you want to play with it. To do so you obviously need a lens. Well to say the least, I wish I listened to everyone and put the money into better lenses than these. If you haven't looked into lenses yet, be prepared for sticker shock, because many of them cost much more than the camera itself. I know it's a bit overwhelming at first, but your pictures and video will be much better AND your lenses will retain their value whereas your camera body will not. To be honest, if you are just getting into photography(and no video), I would say save some money on the body and buy a used canon xsi and put the rest into a lens or two. It's sad to say but they will outlive your camera body (as long as you care for them) and if for some reason you decide you want to stop shooting, they can easily be sold for close to what you bought them for.The canon 50mm 1.8f is an amazing value for about $100-$120 (see the product link at the bottom) which I would strongly recommend over the kit lens. If you're planning on doing professional photography in the future, you may want to get the 1.4f, $300 - $400, if you have the money because it's a faster lens with better construction, and the focus ring is much nicer. It is important to note that the 50mm lens is a prime lens (meaning no zoom) so you would have to walk closer or further from the subject to manually zoom.If you want a zoom lens, I would recommend a couple things... Research "Aperture" and understand what the "f" number is when purchasing a lens(a constant aperture throughout the range is preferable, yet more costly). Also I would recommend doing some research on Tamron and sigma brand lenses. Although canon lenses are definitely the best, the price tag definitely reflects it. I have decided to go with sigma lenses myself, but that's not really the point of this review so I won't go any further than to say if you have lens questions, feel free to use the comment section of this review and I can share everything that I've learned researching them. I am by no means an expert but I will do my best to assist.Sorry for that rant, yet I see these reviews as a way of helping others learn from my mistakes and benefiting from my research. Back to the T3i, It is an amazing camera for the price and I would definitely recommend it (Body Only =). Hope this helps!!!PS. Here's the 50mm link Canon EF 50mm f/1.8 II Camera Lens
camera|I could go on and on about the picture quality of the DSLR, but I'm sure anyone looking to buy one already knows about all those things. I will instead focus on the camera itself (the hardware/software) instead of the picture quality, which is SUPERB.PROS:The sheer amount of features allowed is nice. As my first DSLR, I can only judge this camera against point and shoots.Everything can be tweaked and tuned as expected in a DSLR, but it also has a "auto" mode, which is nice when you just want to take a quick shot and not have to worry about ISO settings, etc, etc.The shutter itself feels much better than a point and shoot, and the focus time, and the downtime between shots is also WAY lower than the run of the mill point and shoot.A feature I haven't seen as flexible in point in shoot is the timer shots. You can set it to take anywhere from 1-10 pictures with 1 timer. This is great for big family photos where you prop the camera up on a tripod and just want to do 10 photos in a row - and hopefully everyone will have their eyes open in one of those 10 photos (especially hard with little kids).CONS:The software/hardware feels sort of undated. Canon has stuck with this same layout for a long time for continuity, but new point and shoots have a much more streamlined interface. For example, the wheel on the top (where you switch between modes), does not allow for 360 degree rotation, only like 300 degrees rotation. This means, for example, if you were in Video Capture mode and wanted to go to Macro Mode, you have to spin the wheel 300 degrees instead of just 60 degrees.The software is one that takes getting used to. They use a "tab" system to tell you which settings you are messing with in the Menu. The tab system may be familiar to long time Canon users, but the way the tabs are labeled sometimes make it confusing. Instead of using words, they use symbols, which I feel do not match well. For example, there are "tabs" with a Wrench icon. Unless I memorize which setting is where, there is a hard time remember exactly what settings are changed in the "wrench" tab.The battery must be charged separately from the device. I don't know if this is a standard for DSLR, but I liked how I could just plug in my camera itself and charge it on point and shoots.Overall:There is no arguing the picture quality, it is basically the same as the T2i, and professional reviews all across the internet rate this as the top entry-level DSLR. It has settings for a beginner like me, and it has settings for advanced users as well.For those wondering between T2i and T3i, the main difference is a spin-out LCD screen, and digital zoom during video. These differences are small, and I know I was confused when I first researched this DSLR. The T2i and T3i are much more similar than the T3 vs T3i.T2i or T3i - Get either, T3/T2 are a lower-end model, they are made for two different budget targets.
camera|This is my first digital SLR camera. I bought a Canon AE1 Program 35 mm film camera with a good zoom lens 28 years ago and loved it. For the last 7 years I have used a very good point and shoot digital camera, but it was slow. I wanted to upgrade to a digital SLR. After a lot of research, I decided on the Canon T3i as the best comprimise of the features I wanted and what my budget could afford. After about 3 to 4 weeks of using the camera, I love it. The photo quality is great and I am learing how to use many of the advanced features. Even before learing how to use many of the features, I was able to take excelent photos using the automatic modes. I highly recommend this camera. I also recommend the 18-135 zoom lens as a better choice than the 18-55 mm standard lens.
camera|Video reviews to come! This body is rock solid and worthy of purchase for ANY and ALL people entering or needing an advanced DSLR camera. I purchased the body only - I have several lenses from my previous Canons which are NOT currently 'IS' lenses. I've been shooting people, places and other things for more than 45 years and LOVE this camera. It's extremely mobile. I can just flip open my tripod lock and GO! My only issue with the T3i concerns the GRID functions. These work only in LIVE VIEW MODE (as I've found so far). As soon as you move up to manual for full control, you lose the grid (I use the 3x3), which helps me set my composition. Yes, I can use my eye to place an imaginary grid in the viewfinder, but WHY when one is readily available.With my additions on the camera already, video/image reviews will be plentiful. As I learn new tricks and shortcuts, I'll inform the public so they too can enjoy ALL of the features of this outstanding camera. The articulating screen wasn't necessary, yet it IS what made me choose this model over the T2i. The prices were just too close to pass it up. I'll be adding more T3i and T2i cameras to my photo biz in the coming months, as well as trying out the 'IS' lenses. This camera is very tight on power consumption and has extreme accuracy when you set it for pinpoint focusing as I do for model and portrait photography work. The macro features are also on par with its more advanced (and WAY higher priced), big brothers to this camera. Now, the 18.1MP sensor.....WOW! The image sizes of the CMOS sensor allow me great latitude in adjusting and tweaking my RAW images anytime I wish to be creative. If you are just starting out, are bored with the out of date "point-n-shoot," want to upgrade your digital cams, or you want to move from film to digital, the T3i will not disappoint. It's an excellent camera for ANY level of photographer - beginner or experienced pro, this camera really shines. Oh, and the video.....It's 1080p HD, nothing more needs to be said. Canon, you've been ROCKIN' my images for 30+ years!!!! Stay cool and keep up the great work. Craig Benham - Photographic Adventures, Ltd - I'm outta here and back to taking pics!!!
camera|
camera|You can find dozens of professional reviews of this camera online so I won't try and repeat the same extensive detail. I just want to say that the camera has been great to me and it takes amazing video. My suggestion for a first lens is either the 50mm canon 1.8, or the Sigma 30mm 1.4 if you can afford it. The kit lens is garbage for anyone but an absolute beginner.
camera|I absolutely love this camera. I upgraded from the t1i and what a great upgrade it was.The size is great, it's relatively light and fits in my hands perfectly.The kit lens (18-55mm) is also better than to be expected. Takes pretty sharp pictures and for the price, can't get any better!The articulated swivel screen is probably my favorite part of this camera. I can close it when not using the camera and not worry about the screen getting scratched, and it really helps for getting those low shots where I normally would had to lay completely flat on my stomach. The screen itself looks beautiful, there are so many pixels so you can get a real good idea if you were in focus or not.Recently, I was considering getting a Canon G12 because I thought I would use it more, but I decided against it. Either way I have to lug a camera around. The G12 may be significantly smaller, but I won't just throw it in my purse without a case, so I might as well have my t3i with me and use my iPhone if I don't have it.Side note: for those looking to get a good CHEAP portrait lens, look at Canon's 50mm Prime f/1.8 lens. It's only about $125 and will allow you to get those great portraits that the kit lens won't.
camera|Great camera for shooting still photos. The quality is superb and low-lighting is a breeze (as soon as you get used to working the correct settings).The main reason I chose the T3i was for the 1080p video is offers. The video quality is great, but there are a few things to be aware of.1) You'll want to get a memory card rated at a 10 for speed, and make sure it's a good-quality brand. If you scrimp on the card you'll forever be hitting yourself when the video recording repeatedly stops for no apparent reason. I have been through three cards that don't cut it (three different brands). Make sure you shell out the money for a quality card or you won't be able to record the data fast enough for 1080p (particularly in bright lighting or when you have a light source in the background--like a TV or lamp).2) The camera does not auto-focus while recording video which can be really annoying. If you do any panning or zooming you will find yourself constantly toggling the manual focus on your lenses. Most DSLRs are the same, but I made an unwise assumption that this one would be different since they seemed to solve many of the conventional video problems DSLRs have.3) If you use an external video monitor while shooting video, plan on 480i resolution. The second you push the record button on the camera, the 1080p output signal changes to 480i (DVD quality video) instead of 1080p (High Def). This is not a problem at all if you don't use an external monitor, but is really annoying if you do.4) Sound quality from the built-in mic is not good. I use external mics, so this is not an issue for me, but if you depend on the built-in mic for your audio you might find yourself sorely disappointed. Still, it does okay for home video in a pinch, but for professional-quality video you'll want to purchase an external mic.All-in-all, this is a fantastic camera for still photos and a great camera for video quality/clarity. It is a little weak on the video recording features, but...what can we expect from a DSLR, right?I would definitely recommend this camera for anyone in the market for a camera in this price range. If I had a little extra to spend for a DSLR I would recommend a Canon 7D. If I were to purchase solely for video I would recommend a Canon HF G10. Yeah, I'm a Canon fan. Canon makes good quality optics without too many proprietary accessories (like Sony).
camera|We compared the T3i head to head against the Nikon D5100. In full auto mode, the T3i beats the Nikon. They are probably identical in the hands of a pro using manual settings, but in auto the D5100 has lousy white balance and notable motion blur.Then we compared the T3i head to head against the D5100, the Sony Alpha 55, and the Canon 60D. Found the 60D to be too heavy, and that the 18-135mm lens is also too heavy and cumbersome. I really liked the fixed mirror of the Sony and continuous phase autofocus in live view and movie mode. But the snapshots of the T3i were slightly better. With the shortcomings of the a55, it is probably a tier lower and thus overpriced. I think we'd have bought the a77 over the T3i if both were $700 for the body and 18-55mm kit.The T3i excels under low light, the whole point of moving up from a point and shoot. It was hard to not go with a mirrorless or fixed mirror system, but the T3i had the best pictures, simple as that. After taking about 600 pictures in the last few days, had to learn a little about the semi-auto features. Very useful are setting white balance to scene instead of using auto or a preset, and using portrait mode for indoor shots and putting the flash up or down as desired. Also find shutter priority mode helpful to get shots without motion blur, and also like locking max auto ISO to 1600 or 800 for lower noise.The bottom line is that we get extremely natural looking photos taken indoors at night without flash. I took pictures in dim tungsten lighting that look like they were taken in the afternoon with indirect sunlight coming in the windows. Amazing--why we bought the camera and why it gets 5 stars.Also bought the Tamron 18-200mm zoom lens and the Rode Videomic Pro as accessories--both of those earn 5 stars, too.We purchased the T3i and the Tamron lens online from B&H who has a no-hassle return policy.
camera|I just bought this Canon T3i as my first ever SLR or DSLR. I did a fair amount of research and I kept on coming back to this camera. I've had several Canon camera's in the past and have always liked the quality of pictures they produced so I guess you can say that for me, all roads really do lead to Canon. I've only had it a little more than a week and am learning new things about this camera every day. I got the 18-55mm kit lens and just bought the Canon 55-250mm IS lens too. Sorry I can't give a detailed review about the camera like many have done so far but as a beginner I can say that I LOVE this camera and am very pleased with how easy it is to use and understand the controls. I'm glad I took the plunge and bought it. Highly recommend.
camera|Since I have switched from Nikon to Canon, a lot of my review is based on comparison to Nikon.Pros:Canon service is apparently better than nikon. Will edit this if this does not turn out to be true. My switch was mostly due to pathetic nikon warranty service.The IS works really well and I think better than nikon's which I had tried for a week with a borrowed D5000.Digital 3x zoom in video mode.The 430EX II external flash can be supported by the camera wirelessly. On nikon's this is only true for the more expensive SB800s flashes.Cons:Auto focus in "live view" mode (seeing through the lcd instead of the viewfinder) is extremely slow. Makes me not ever wanting to use it.Most canon lenses have loud autofocus motors. The lenses with the nicer USM AF motors are too expensive.No mode in canon to set Av mode and set min shutter speed while letting the camera pick the ISO. Standard in Nikons. Canon seems to pick the shutter speed based on the zoom (focal length selected).White balance in Full auto mode sometimes messes up. Some pictures came out blue-ish.No good priced "normal" 50mm/35mm lens available. There is only one 50mm el-cheapo which apparently looks extremely cheap but I will buy it anyway.I upgraded from nikon D50 to this. So of course the pictures are much much better.In hindsight, The nikon D5100 has a better (larger DX sensor vs canon APS sized sensor) sensor. So less noise on the Nikon.Also, I think that video modes in SLR cameras are fairly useless unless you are good with manual focussing and use the tripod. BTW, the lens IS does work in video mode.I will edit this review as I play with this camera more. The 18-135 lens is nice but a bit large. Maybe its large thats why the image quality is very good.
camera|The Canon Rebel T3i takes the consumer level dSLR a couple steps closer to the mid-level Canon 60D with the addition of the rotating rear LCD screen, remote flash firing, and in-camera processing features. The already highly competent, older Rebel T2i already shared many important features with the 60D (and even features of the semi-pro 7D) including the 18 MP sensor, 63-zone exposure metering system, high ISO performance, HD movie capabilities, and Digic 4 image processor. With these new upgrades, it might make it even more difficult to choose between them. But there are some important differences.If you are considering the Rebel T3i vs T2i, the Rebel T3i is replacing the T2i. Since both cameras share the same 18 megapixel sensor and Digic 4 processor, both the T2i and T3i will create images with exactly the same image quality, produce the same low light/ high ISO performance, shoot at 3.7 frames per second, and have nearly the same size and build quality. They are both offered with the same 18-55mm kit lens (with some minor cosmetic differences on the new T3i kit lens). The T3i is very slightly larger and heavier due to the addition of the rotating rear LCD monitor. And that is one of the biggest differences between the two cameras. Do you want and need a vari-angle rear screen or not? The other major difference is the ability of the T3i to remotely control multiple off-camera flashes. Like the 60D and 7D, you can use the built-in flash of the T3i to trigger other Canon Speedlites. Some other minor additions to the T3i include the Scene Intelligent Auto Mode, which is a feature borrowed from point and shoot cameras. When in Auto mode, the T3i will make a determination of what type of scene you are shooting - close-up, portrait, landscape, etc. - and automatically configure the camera settings accordingly. However, if you want to use a powerful and costly digital SLR as a point and shoot, you should probably save the money and just buy a nice, high quality point and shoot like the Canon S95. Other additional but not essential upgrades include the in-camera processing Creative Filters, and the ability to choose different image size ratios and to rate your images. (Helpful hint: press the Q Button while in image playback and you can access features like rating, rotating, and Creative Filters.) There is also a marginally helpful Feature Guide which gives brief descriptions of various settings and some additional video features like Video Snapshot, which you can use to shoot short video clips that are automatically joined together into a video, with music.Canon Rebel T3i vs. 60D vs. 7DSensor and Image Quality: All three cameras share a very similar sensor and 18 megapixels, and so their image quality will be virtually the same. All are capable of taking professional quality images.Exposure Metering: The three cameras all share the latest 63-zone, dual-layer exposure metering system and 4 metering modes. That means they will all determine the exposure virtually identically and enable you to take properly exposed photos in most every situation, including difficult back-lit scenes. The size of the areas metered for Partial and Spot metering vary slightly between the cameras, but that isn't anything critical.Autofocus: The T3i shares a similar autofocus system to the 60D, with 9 focus points and three auto focusing modes. However the 9 AF points of the 60D are more sensitive than those of the T3i: all are cross-type in the 60D, only the center is cross-type in the T3i. The 60D autofocus system is much less complex than the sophisticated AF system of the 7D with its 19 AF point system and its additional Zone, Spot, and Expansion focus modes. These various modes address how you want to deal with and group the numerous AF points. Plus the custom settings of the 7D allow one to customize how the AF system works - how it tracks subjects, how it deals with objects that come between you and your initial subject, how quickly it responds to these changes of possible subjects that are at different distances from you, etc. However, if you are not an avid sports photographer, a wildlife shooter, or someone who understands, needs, and will use the elaborate features of the 7D AF system, then this shouldn't sway you.Construction: As you can probably figure out from the prices, each camera is not built the same. The T3i has relatively strong construction of a stainless steel frame with polycarbonate body. The 60D has a stronger and lighter aluminum frame and polycarbonate body, but not as strong as the 7D's magnesium alloy construction. The 60D also has some amount of weather sealing - more than the T3i, less than the 7D. But for most users, including even those using the camera daily or in travel situations, the construction of any of these cameras is far more than good enough, strong enough, and durable enough.ISO: Since they all share a very similar sensor, the ISO sensitivity and performance at high ISO settings is virtually the same for these three cameras. But don't take my word for it, don't be swayed by pixel peepers on forums, instead check out the camera sensor tests at dxomark to verify this. As you can see, they all share the exact same overall score, and show very similar performance.Controls: As with construction, the buttons and controls vary with these cameras. Unlike the T3i, the 60D and 7D have nearly every control an advanced photographer needs on the exterior of the camera and they also have the top LCD panel and rear Quick Control Dial that are not on the T3i. With all the cameras, any controls can also be easily accessed with the Q Button and Q Menu or in the other menus on the rear LCD monitor. The top buttons of the 60D set only one setting each, so this is less complicated than the multiple-setting buttons of the 7D. Canon has removed the white balance (WB) button on the 60D that the 7D has, but that isn't a big deal - use the Q Menu. Another change on the 60D is that the Multi-controller has been moved from the thumb joystick like the 7D and 50D and placed in the middle of the rear Quick-control dial. This doesn't change how it functions, and should just be a matter of getting used to the difference. If you plan on using your camera on Auto or Program most of the time, then the controls of the T3i are more than sufficient for your needs. If you work in Av, Tv, or M modes and need quicker and more direct access to your controls and the additional top LCD screen to view and change your current settings, then you need to consider the 60D or 7D over the T3i.Menus and Custom Functions: These allow for greater control over customizing how the camera functions. The T3i has less Menu and Custom Function setting options than the 60D, and the 7D has yet a few more than the 60D. These settings enable you to customize the operation, function, and controls to work how you want them to, including things like exposure increments, peripheral illuminations correction for lenses (fixes dark corners), tweaking how the autofocus system operates, setting more precise white balance settings, and customizing which button does what. There are ebooks such as my Canon T3i Experience - The Still Photographer's Guide to Operation and Image Creation With the Canon Rebel T3i / EOS 600D and Your World 60D - The Photographer's Guide to Operation and Image Creation with the Canon 60D which walk you through all of the Menu settings and Custom Function settings so that you can set up your camera to work best for how you photograph, and also begin to learn to master all the advanced features, settings, and controls of these powerful dSLR camera.Wireless Flash: Like the 7D and 60D, the T3i incorporates wireless flash triggering. This allows you to trigger multiple off camera flashes at different output levels. The T2i does not have this feature.Articulating LCD Screen: The big new feature that the 60D and T3i have that the 7D and T2i do not is the articulating rear LCD screen. This may prove useful for videographers, as well as for setting up compositions while the camera is on a tripod, for macro use, or for using it from unusually low or high vantage points. Some users will be able to avoid buying an expensive angle finder because of this feature. There is also an electronic level in the 7D and 60D, visible in the viewfinder, rear LCD, or top LCD.Viewfinder: The T3i has a pentamirror viewfinder with 95% coverage of the actual resulting image. The 60D has a large, bright pentaprism viewfinder with 96% coverage, not quite as nice as the nearly 100% view of the 7D pentaprism.Processor: The T3i shares the same Digic 4 processor as the 60D. The 7D has dual Digic 4 processors. However, if you don't need to shoot dozens of continuous images, you probably won't notice any processing speed issues.Continuous Shooting Speed: The T3i can shoot 3.7 frames per second. The 7D can shoot a blazing 8 frames per second, in which the photos barely change from frame to frame. The 60D can shoot a respectable 5.3 fps which is actually a more useful rate. If you need the extremely high fps for sports, wildlife, or other action shooting, get the 7D. If not, don't be swayed by this excessive feature.Memory Card: The T3i and 60D use the SD memory card. The 7D uses the CF card.Battery: The T3i and T2i use the smaller LP-E8 battery with less capacity than the LP-E6 battery used by the 60D and 7D.Size and Weight: The T3i is smaller and lighter than the 60D, which in turn is smaller and lighter than the 7D. Go to a store and hold them to get a better feel for their size, weight, and feel. The 60D and 7D "feel" like the more substantial cameras that they are. A nice improvement of the T3i is that its hand grip area has been modified, and has a different feel than that of the T2i - the area where the thumb rests is contoured differently and has a nice channel for the thumb, which allows for a much more secure one-hand-grip of the camera.AF Microadjustment: The 7D has this feature, the 60D and T3i and T2i do not. This allows you to adjust the focus of each of your lenses in case any of them are slightly front-focusing or back-focusing.Locking Mode Dial: This is a new feature for a Canon dSLR, only on the 60D, that keeps the Mode dial from accidentally rotating. A nice touch.Full HD video: Of course they all offer this capability. Note that this is not video for your kids' parties and soccer games. It does not have continuous autofocus while shooting, as a camcorder does. It is not designed for that kind of use, but rather for serious videographers who typically manually focus. You can adjust autofocus while shooting by pressing the shutter button or the AF button, but it may have a less than desired looking result and unless you are using an external microphone, the autofocusing sound will be picked up. The T3i has the digital zoom feature in video, which allows for nice smooth zooms while filming.Flash Sync: the 60D and T3i do not have a PC sync flash socket to plug in PC sync cords for off camera flash use. The 7D has this. However, they all offer wireless remote flash capability with the built in flash as a commander.Ease of operation: While beginners may find all the buttons, controls, and menus of any dSLR difficult and confusing at first, the menus and controls of the T3i and T2i are pretty basic and simple to learn for a dedicated user. The additional controls and menus of the 7D and 60D are all quite intelligently designed, intuitive, and straightforward for the more advanced user. Again, have a look at helpful guides such as my Canon T3i Experience - The Still Photographer's Guide to Operation and Image Creation With the Canon Rebel T3i / EOS 600D and Your World 60D - The Photographer's Guide to Operation and Image Creation with the Canon 60D to begin to learn to master all the advanced features, settings, and controls of these powerful dSLR cameras.
camera|I am not a camera expert, but rather, I'm a busy mom who likes to take pictures and who adores my subjects. This, then, is a review from a mom/amateur's point of view.MY GOALS/EXPECTATIONS:I have always been a photo fiend, taking my camera everywhere and pulling it out at any opportunity. While I'd gotten to a decent level of archiving important moments with my point-and-shoot cameras over the years, I wanted to take my photography to the next level. I was inspired by my brother-in-law's photos of his kids to take the dSLR plunge. But I knew (and still know), very little about professional photography. I wanted to start taking better photos right away. But I also wanted to have room to grow as a photographer and a camera that would grow with me.I also wanted the focus to stay firmly on my family - while I was willing to invest some time and care into the camera, I didn't want it to become like a pet I had to constantly watch over. While any dSLR takes some care and consideration, I've found the T3i has been an excellent camera for me and I've been quite pleased with it.PROS:* VERY USER FRIENDLY: The auto mode (or auto without flash, my favorite) is highly forgiving, taking fantastically sharp images, true to color. They look so clear that I feel I'm capturing as close to real life as I've ever seen before in a camera.* FAST: While I sometimes go in for trying out new modes and manual settings, I often leave the camera in auto or auto-sans-flash mode and just click away so that I can at least capture a moment before it's gone. I then play with manual settings if my kids stay still long enough for me to try something new. My previous cameras always had a horrible delay for the autofocus (the only mode they usually had), meaning I nearly always lost the moment when the toddler was on the move. The t3i is so ridiculously fast that I can snap multiple pics in the time one picture took before.* BEAUTIFUL PICTURES: This kind of goes without saying at this tier of camera, but the pictures are just amazing quality. Coming from the land of point-and-shoot, I'm pretty blown away. And I know I'm only touching the tip of the iceberg for what's possible.* BEAUTIFUL VIDEO: This is the nice new feature of the t3i. I wasn't sure I'd want or need the HD video. But hey, when you've got it, you use it. I've gotten some amazingly clear footage of the kiddo playing in the park with daddy and I'm so glad we went for the model with that feature.* BIG, CLEAR DISPLAY: It's really easy to see what pics you've just taken and adjust your photo-taking accordingly. Just by seeing what I've gotten, I'm able to try again and improve a shot almost immediately.* CLEAR MENUS/ABILITY TO IMPROVE: The interface on this is so intuitive that I've been able to learn a lot without even cracking open the manual (though that manual is my new reading material). The entry point for a new user is just a step up from normal photography - the possibilities, however, are nearly endless.* NICE KIT LENS: For all that photographers get into new and better lenses, the kit lens on this is really nice and easy to use. I think it will hold us for a good long while before I get to be more of an expert. It gives me the range of zoom and focus I need for now.* EYE-FI COMPATIBLE: WOW. I cannot even tell you how much I love this feature. If you get an eye-fi card, your pictures can be set up to automatically upload to your computer whenever you are within range of your synched wireless network. My husband set up a SmugMug account and the eye-fi capabilities. I take pics to my heart's content while out on walks, in the park, etc., and come home, then leave the camera on (auto-shut off after 8 minutes) to upload the pics. I can then tag and sort pictures later at my leisure. For me, this is amazingly useful. I don't have to take time out of my day to upload the pics - the camera does that for me.* BATTERY LIFE (for common use): So far, the battery we bought for the camera lasts very well during normal photo-taking. It's just a standard Canon battery for the rebel line and it charges quickly. Even when taking pics like a mad-woman, it lasts through a shoot. HD video eats it up more quickly, so be warned. Still, I rarely run out of juice during the day so long as I pop the battery into its charger in the evening. However, uploading is another story (See below in cons).Those are just the first few things I love about this camera. Here, however, are the...not cons, really, just challenges:CHALLENGES:* dSLRs ARE EXPENSIVE, DELICATE, BIG AND BULKY:And parents have enough precious and delicate things to worry about - namely, the kids. No getting around it - you can't just toss a dSLR into a pocket and go. I'm in a quest for a good bag/carrying solution (heh, yeah, wish me luck with that.) and I'm trying to get used to having one part of my brain keeping an eye on the camera as well as keeping the majority of my focus on the kids. When I'm in photo-journalist mode, it's no problem, but switching back to mom-mode is the hard part. I've already seen the camera knocked onto the ground (a very short distance onto very soft ground, so it was okay, but still, the experience practically gave me a heart attack) and once, when bending over, I caught the toddler on the temple with the kit lens (She sobbed. I felt so awful!) This thing requires constant awareness to both the camera AND the kids when using it. I'm quickly adjusting, but if you're not totally committed to learning to use and love the dSLR, you may want to stick to really good point-and-shoot camera if you're a busy parent.^ That's the big one.* BATTERY LIFE (when uploading pics via eye-fi): Uploading pictures by eye-fi seems to eat the battery alive. It appears that the camera won't autoshutoff when uploading, so this morning, after a few hours of uploading big, glorious pictures to my SmugMug account, the battery finally ran out of juice. I wish there was a plug-in mode or some sort of docking-station I could plug the camera into when I return home. If it's only a few pics, they upload and the camera shuts itself off. But if it's a bunch of pics (and when the weather's nice and the lighting's good, I take a lot of pics), the camera requires a battery recharge just to finish uploading my pictures.* SWIVEL SCREEN WORRIES: I find that the swivel screen, while hugely useful, is something I constantly worry that I'm going to snap off. However, you can keep it closed with the screen facing in(a nice feature) or tuck it onto the camera with the screen facing out. I also find if I'm looking out of the eye-piece, I leave cheek smudges all over the screen when its facing out.* MANUAL-MODE GOOFS: Some of my manual mode forays have been less than stellar. I've taken a shot - set up so nice, focus just perfect, subject just so... only to find out I left it in white-balance adjustment for indoors and I was outdoors so the whole picture looks like I dipped it in blue. I've learned to take pics in auto-mode first before experimenting too much. I also learned to check the screen a LOT before proceeding.SUMMARY: While the dSLR has required me to make some adjustments for including it in my busy life, I really love this camera, am pleased with the investment, am inspired by its ease of use, and I LOVE the pictures I've gotten of my family.5 STARS: And so I give it 5 stars - my whole point in buying a nice camera was to make and preserve FAMILY memories - and the t3i records those memories beautifully - in .jpg, raw, or HD video - with a minimum of dSLR fuss.*** UPDATE: about 6 months later ***STILL AWESOME: I totally stand by the above review. If anything, I've come to adore this camera even more than I did when we first got it. When baby #2 arrived, the quality of pictures that we got far surpassed the pictures from the first baby's photo shoots. I'm truly pleased with this investment, as the pictures we get are lovely, clear, true-to-light/true-to-color, and just capture the memories so well. Really, this is EXACTLY what I was hoping for as an amateur photographer/mom.GOT BETTER:Battery Woes: We invested in an A/C adapter for the camera and now no longer eat the battery alive when leaving the camera to upload pictures via the Eye-Fi connection. It's a little annoying to have to swap over to the A/C and then back to a battery all the time - I would rather have a charging station of sorts - but it works and it means I stick the battery in the charger so it's almost always ready to go.Ease of Use: I adjusted to using this thing pretty quickly. I invested in a LowePro FastPack 250 and it works nicely as a diaper-bag/day bag/camera bag. Not the most attractive purse, but it works well. I'm much better at being ready for any photo situation now.Swivel Screen: No problems to report. I just leave it screen out all the time.SAME: Awesome camera all around. Truly, truly impressive. There might be higher tiers of quality out there, but for what I use in following the kids around, this captures amazing shots quickly. Love it.GOT (just a little) WORSE:Eye-Fi Annoyance: This is going to differ from person to person, but our Eye-Fi stuff has had some kinks to work out. The card we bought required several updates lately, then we had to change SmugMug account stuff, but the changed password meant Eye-Fi couldn't upload. Blah, blah, blah, I'm sure most of the problem is ME not getting the changes my hubby made. Still, Eye-Fi is usually automatic, but from time to time, it requires maintenance and understanding from all parties uploading stuff. Just be warned, it isn't so automagical as I hoped it would be.Getting used to the dSLR bulk: I'd be lying if I said the size of the camera wasn't occasionally an issue. There have been quite a few times I think, "Oh, where's the camera? That's right, I left it at home/in the car because it's kind of a pain to pack around." On many occasions, the hubby's phone camera stood in for us (and it takes pretty decent pictures, so it's okay). But if I'm not being really deliberate about bringing the dSLR and using it, this camera becomes a very expensive toy that I never play with.Other than that ^ though, awesome camera. I'm truly loving it. On the whole, a Lotta camera for Low maintenance.
camera|I was so surprised how light is the T3i, (in comparison to 7D /50D or 60D) with its 18.0 mega pixel the CMOS sensor captures superb image quality with low noise and natural colorThe EOS T3i, positioned between the EOS T2i and EOS 60D, features scene intelligent auto, 3-inch vari-angle clear view LCD and a selection of five creative filters including the new fish eye effect (which is awesome!!)honestly, once you get this camera, no need for Photoshop.I initially purchased the 7DCanon EOS 7D 18 MP CMOS Digital SLR Camera with 3-inch LCD (Body Only), but then I returned it due to the more complicated usage, and the post-photo processing/ editing necessary for making pictures look better.T3i comes with an instructional guide built in, like the Nikon D3100 14.2MP Digital SLR Camera with 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 AF-S DX VR Nikkor Zoom Lens. The guide tells beginners (or rusty intermediates) how to set the camera to get specific types of shots. For instance, if you dial up macro mode, it says "for closeups of small objects such as flowers, shoot as close as possible."the T3i gives me all I want, clear and hassle free pictures, ready to upload/print.it uses normal SD cards, no need for the expensive CF flash cards.longer battery life, and low consumption.Canon EF-S 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 IS SLR Lens comes with the camera, and it is a great lens for beginners, and gives a great opportunity to practice Manual Focus!Do not invest in expensive lenses from the start, you might like the point and shoot, and reselling the lenses might be a great loss.I'm not a professional photographer, nor an electronic specialist, so I reviewed the item as a myself, so if you like my review, please rate it.Thank you
camera|Check out my full T3i review video, video clips, sample photos and time lapse on YouTube. On YouTube search "2012 T3i Best DSLR"Okay, now let's take a fresh look at the Canon EOS Rebel T3i (600D) DSLR and compare it to the 60D and T2i. In this review I'll also talk about some "MUST HAVE" accessories for this camera.The Canon EOS Rebel T3i DSLR was release in March of 2011 and has quickly become one of the most popular DSLRs available.As if the Rebel line wasn't popular enough with budding photographers... The introduction of the T3i has captured the imagination of thousands of aspiring videographers... with it's ability to capture FULL HD video... bright, articulating 3 inch LCD screen (which comes in really handy when shooting video in the field), and the ability to select from a host of lenses... which is common to DSLRs in general.Professionals prefer DSLRs because they allow for an accurate preview of what they are shooting, at the moment they push the shutter button. DSLRs also have larger sensors than compact point-and-shoot digital cameras (which means a better quality and high-resolution image)...Full HD video and interchangeability of lenses are particularly attractive to wannbe videographers (especially in a sub-$1000 DSLR... like the T3i)... because NOW they can shoot amazing HD video footage for a fraction of the what it would have cost... just a few years ago... PLUS they end up with a great camera for still photography...The Canon T3i (600D) ships with the body, battery, battery charger, USB interface cable, AV cable, EOS solution disk (that contains the really handy EOS utility - I'll talk about this a bit more later...) and a suitable strap (although I quickly replaced mine). AND if you desire... a kit lens...The T3i is considered a compact DSLR at 5.2 inches wide, 3.9 inches high and 3.1 inches deep (not including a lens)... compared to the larger and more expensive 60D at 5.69 inches wide, 4.17 inches high and 3.09 inches deep.The T3i is very similar in size, weight and features to the less expensive T2i. The T3i feels solid and well made and is comfortable in the hand...But I do have smaller hands... So if your hands are larger you may want to look to the 60D OR grab the Zeikos battery, power grip... for your T3i...with an additional battery...This battery grip doubles the amount of shooting you can do between battery changes AND provides a much large grip surface.At the heart of the Canon T3i is an 18 megapixel CMOS digital sensor and the DIGIC 4 processor. This sensor and processor are also found in Canon's 60D and T2i.The camera has one SD card slot that can take a regular SD, SDHC or SDXC card... The T3i does not ship with a card. So plan on adding that to your your list.I highly recommend using nothing less than a class 10 SDHC card for with this camera, especially if you want to shoot HD video. Even if you don't, you'll want a fast card when shooting continuous photos at 18 mega pixels. I personally like 32 GB cards because they are pretty cheap now and give you enough room to shoot photos all day. Plus 32 giga bites is large enough to hold almost 2 hours of HD video.The T3i has what Canon calls "Live View Shooting"...which provides a very accurate simulation of photos and video using the LCD screen... This is especially helpful when doing a video shoot without a separate field monitor.The 3 inch variable angle LCD monitor is bright enough for shooting in full sun... and can be flipped so that if lays flat against the camera back or can be positioned at various angles for high and low shooting.But remember... as with any camera-powered monitor, it will consume your batteries faster when you are using it. Brightness also effects battery consumption (which can be adjusted in the camera's setup menu). That being said, the flip and twist capabilities of this monitor make it a priceless asset for videographers and creative photographers.One of the major differences between the T3i and the 60D is it's continuous shooting speed of 3.7 frames per second verse the 60Ds 5.3 frames per second.For me, this was not an issue as I purchased my T3i primarily for shooting video. But if you like to shoot action, you may want to consider the 60D.The controls of the T3i are easy to access with the thumb and four finger. And are pretty easy to master with little effort... I do suggest keeping the manual near as it will prove a valuable asset and will save frustration as your skills progress.One thing that really impressed about this camera was a real world example of how easy it is for a beginner to get professional results, with this camera... out of the box.One day my son... who has never used a DSLR camera before, went on a walk with my new T3i. When he came back I could tell from his face that he experienced something really special. His big smile made me very curious to see his photos.I was amazed at the stunning images this camera enabled him to capture... as he simply used the camera's scene "intelligent auto mode" and the dial-selectable "creative zone modes."When you select a different dial mode, the camera shows a short and helpful description of that mode. This feature can accelerate your progress and help to quickly hone in on a mode that is best suited for the type of shooting you are doing.My son's experience helped me realize what a fantastic job Canon did skinning over this formidable professional-level camera... with a simple and easy to use point-and-shoot-like interface... that enables the novice (like my son) to achieve very satisfying results.I am convinced that results are one of the reasons that owners rate this camera MUCH higher (close to 5 out of 5 stars) than professional reviewers who usually rate this camera at less than 4 out of 5 starts... and tend to nit pick about technical details and specifications.I'm not saying that specs are not important... but what I am saying is that, at the end of the day... all that matters is that you have good quality photos and videos to show for your effort, regardless of your experience level.The T3i allows you to easily select and scroll between ISO 100 (for well-lit scenes) to ISO 6400 for lower lighting scenarios.Photo quality generally looks great up through ISO 800 and begins to show some small signs of degradation from ISO 1,600 on.The little scrolling wheel toward the front of the camera makes selection of a variety of functions... including ISO... really easy.The 9-pt autofocus systems is accurate and quick for photos... but does struggle in very low light situations.The T3i camera does have the ability to autofocus while you are shooting video... but often takes a few seconds to refocus focus...Plus the noise of the camera while focusing.... will likely be heard in your video. You will also find that the battery life will deplete rapidly when autofocusing a lot during a video.All this being said, the T3i's video autofocus is pretty useless. Fortunately there are plenty of other great reasons to like this camera...As with most cameras these days the T3i includes optical image stabilization that works well... with off-hand shooting.The T3is battery life is generally good... however, battery life is so subjective and is very dependent on how you shoot, the brightness of your LCD screen... and things like... whether you are using autofocus or not...For shooting photos, I have found the battery life to be excellent allowing me to take 400 to 600 shots before needed a change.Shooting video will consume your batteries at a much more rapid rate if you are using the camera's LCD screen to monitor your video.So I would recommend that you pick up a few additional batteries. I have found a very inexpensive, after-market brand... that have proven to be just as reliable as the OEM battery that came with this camera. See my YouTube Review for more info on the accessories that I mention in this review...And if you want to seriously extend the battery life of this camera (which is especially useful on location during a video shoot)... you should pick up the Zeikos Battery Power Grip for this camera that I mentioned earlier.This is a high quality accessory that matches the camera in look and feel in every way and is less pricy than Canon's version.It easily and securely attaches to the camera and has a removable tray that allows you to power the camera with 2 batteries instead of one.This grip also comes with an additional tray that allows you to use 6 double A batteries to power the camera in a pinch. This is a great safety net for those involved in remote shooting... away from a power source.If you don't want to be limited by batteries, Canon offers a DC power unit. There is a battery sized coupler that you simply insert into the battery port to power the camera by plugging it into a wall outlet.For this accessory, I would only recommend the Canon brand.One nice feature for those who wear corrective lenses (like me)... is the quality dioptric adjustment knob for the camera view finder.This knob allows for plus and minus adjustments to ensure that you see things clearly through the view finder. Although this feature is common in many DSLRs... I was glad to find out that the T3i had it after the fact...The T3i has a built-in mono microphone that sounds pretty good for general video shooting and includes an effective wind filter that can be toggled on and off in the camera's setup.However, for serious video production I recommend that you use a quality external microphone to capture your audio. I use a Zoom H4N for a large range of purposes and really affordable Audio Technica lapel mics for shooting interviews and promotional videos. A Rode shotgun mic is another that you may want to consider.On the side of the T3i there is a 1/8 inch stereo mic input. With the appropriate adapters you can send audio from 2 different mics directly into the camera's left and right channels. The camera allows you for manual adjustment of the record levels which is very useful.There are several other camera ports which include... A remote control terminal. I picked up a very affordable timer remote that I use often for time lapse videos and low light situations.There's digital audio / video out terminal and a mini HDMI out terminal this is great for using an external field monitor or hooking your camera up to your HD TV.The SD card slot is on the other side and the battery compartment in easily accessible on the bottom of the camera.When it comes to video the T3i really shines. It offers full HD video at 1920 by 1080 pixels at 30, 25 and 24 frames per second... on the high end... and also offers 1280 x 720 pixels at 60 frames per second (which is nice for slow motion) as well as 640 x 480 at 30 frames per second.You can get exceptional results from this camera with a little attention to detail and by experimenting with the automatic and manual video settings... and by trying different lenses.For low lighting situations, you may want to consider picking up a Canon 50mm F1.8 lens. It's been dubbed "plastic magic" because it captures surprisingly good quality photos and video for a a lens with a street price that hovers around $100.The T3i also offers a 3x and 10x digital zoom that produces amazingly crisp video in movie mode.The camera also has a new video snapshot feature that takes short clips of video and stitches them together. It's a fun feature for walking around town and shooting short video clips or having some fun at a party.There's one VERY important aspect of shooting video with most DSLRs, and in our case, the T3i that you should be aware of.To protect the camera from internal heat generated when shooting video... the T3i will stop recording video when the file size of a single movie clip reaches 4GB.This means that if you are shooting in FULL HD that your maximum record time will be around 10 to 14 minutes. This can be a bit annoying yet, it's easy enough to restart the video.... and if you only need to shoot clips shorter than 10 minutes you will probably never experience this issue.However this function can be problematic in situations where you need to shoot longer lengths of video, like at a conference, a sporting event, or a church sermon.One very helpful surprise that Cannon includes for free with this camera is the EOS utility software. With this software, the T3i, a reasonably modern computer (I use my MacBook Pro... 2010 vintage) and the included digital interface cable... you can extend the use of your laptop computer as a field monitor and command central for the camera.You can remotely control all important camera functions from within the very intuitive interface of this program.The EOS utility functions well for both photo and video shooting and provides a very nice simulation of what you will get... This bonus has been particularly helpful to me for shooting video since it eliminated the need to purchase a $1,000 field monitor. Note though, that using the EOS utility will deplete your camera and laptop batteries faster than you would think. So I recommend plugging in your laptop and having a few extra batteries for your camera of getting the Canon DC coupler and power unit.The camera also has a very useful built-in flash that will automatically pop up when needed or can be accessed manually with the touch of a button.For more advanced photographers... the T3i supports the latest developments in wireless flash photography.SO who is this camera for?The T3i is best suited for those who want an easy to use, fast, reliable high-end prosumer DSLR that shoots incredible 18 mega pixel photos and FULL HD video... all in compact package for well under $1,000.If you plan on doing a lot of high speed photography you may want to consider the 60D for it's faster 5.3 frame per second continuous shooting... which is the only real major difference between the two. However this upgrade will cost you between $300 and $400.Also... if you want to save some money and don't really need the flip and turn LCD screen of the T3i... you many want to consider the T2i. This will save you around $100....I will caution you though... if you ever think that you are going to want to shoot video, macro-zoom photographs or anything at high or low angles... you may be sorry that you didn't get the T3i with it's flippy screen.The T3i is also NOT for you if you want a compact, carry-in-your pocket camera to take with you everywhere... Even though the T3i is compact compared to many larger DSLRs... it's not small... So... if your main purpose is finding a camera to document life and have with you at all time... the T3i is probably not the camera for you.Also... If you want to eliminate your camcorder with the T3i, look somewhere else... that's not what the T3i is purposed for. It lacks seamless autofocus in video mode and is not as easy convenient to set up and use as many mini-camcorders.However, if you have a creative flair and want to shoot HD quality video productions, the T3i will help you get off to a great start.All this aside the Canon EOS Rebel T3i is an amazingly popular, all-around DSLR camera... which is evidenced by the fact that... at the time of this video review... the T3i is the #1 best selling DSLR on Amazon.The Canon T3i is an impressive value rivaling the Canon 60D in just about every way... and with it's full HD video, easy-to-use interface, exceptional 18 mega pixel image quality, large flip-and-turn LCD screen and a full set of professional functions... The T3i is a great place to jump into the wonderful world of DSLR photography and video... all for an astonishingly low street price of less than $800.VIEW MY FULL T3i VIDEO REVIEW with Test Video, Sample Photos and Time Lapse Video on YouTube by Searching "2012 T3i Best DSLR"Enjoy!
camera|I bought the T2i first, then decided to upgrade to the T3i. For a period of two weeks, I had both cameras in my possession, so I could make a direct comparison, and decided hands-down that the T2i is the one I will keep. Why? The T2i is FAST. I shoot my toddler in continuous mode, and the camera delivers the 3.7 fps it's supposed to. It makes a huge difference knowing you can press the shutter and the camera will instantly take a picture. The T3i, however, adds frequent and unpredictable delays when "busy" flashes in the viewfinder and the red light is on -- even in continuous mode.I used the same exact settings on both cameras (large Jpeg, P-mode, Quick AF). Compared to the instant responsiveness of the T2i, this was plain annoying and caused me to miss numerous shots. I used the same class 10 SDHC chip in both cameras, but -- this is interesting -- even without any memory chip in the camera, the delays are still there.
camera|I typically write, while we have professional photographers who do a lot of our legwork at events. But recently, at an engagement party, I was using my trustworthy Canon Powershot and when it came to photos, for every one photo I took, my friend with his T2i was take 10 or more. And even indoors, his pictures looked great!Because I travel and cover so many events and there are times where our photographers are busy covering things, I figured...It would be great to have a DSLR. I was at E3 and using my point-and-shoot, I knew right then and there, it was time to get a DSLR. I've been wanting to get one but frankly, the thought of me having to invest in the camera and several lenses and knowing they are not cheap... I hesitated.But no longer. It was time to get a DSLR!I have to admit....I was struggling between a Nikon 5100 or a Canon T3i (EOS 600) or even considering going a little higher-end.But I've read from professionals who say, "It's the glass, not the body" and even our photographers, some of them are still using DSLR's made in the early 2000's and are quite content with the body, just focusing on the lens.For me, I wanted the best of both worlds of having something to shoot photos and video. While I was close to getting the Nikon, the video review on digitalrev was enough to convince me to go for the T3i (EOS 600) and for its price range, I was comfortable with that. Maybe in the future I can get something high-end but for now, I need something entry-level and with the T2i having dropped in price and selling out online and at stores, I noticed the T3i can be found and sure enough, while there are a few more technical things that it has compared to the T2i, for me, the swivel lens was something that I liked. Especially for shots that require taking photos from weird levels and angles. So, that was a plus for me!Upon opening the box, I realized that the T3i felt good but the higher-end cameras were more to my liking and are much more tougher. But I figured, you get what you pay for and with the T3i, I just need to make sure I take care of it.WHAT YOU GET:I bought the version with an EF-S 18-55 IS II, so I got the lens with the two caps, inside are also the USB cord to transfer images and the Canon EOS Digital strap. Instruction booklets, warranty registration and more.SO FAR, SO GOOD:Since owning the T3i, I have put this camera through hardcore use in a short amount of time. Different events, different weather and have purchased quite a few things for this camera.If there is only one thing that I WISHED this camera did have was an easier menu to change things. Aperature or Shutterspeed. Granted, higher end models may have a display right at the top but looking at the LCD, definitely read the manual and experiment how to change various settings and experiment how you can change on the fly.And here are my thoughts that will definitely be different recommendations from others but it works for me:* Get a good prime lens - 50mm 1.8 (preferably a 1.4) Canon lens. I have the former which works great for portrait shots but I know already that the 1.4 works much better...it's also several hundred dollars more.* Third party - I went third party for batteries, grip, hoods and they work perfectly. I know there are diehards who purchase official Canon products but they are expensive and if you want to save money, look toward third party products.* Read the Manual - I know there are people (like myself) who are impatient of reading manuals but in this case, read the manuals, especially those Canon-based brochures of lenses they recommend.* Lenses - L lenses are great if you can afford them but if you can get yourself some Canon glass with image stabilization, this works great for entry-level photographers! But if you are in it for the video, you want to get better glass!* Research and Flickr! - I did a lot of research before buying this camera and for the most part, camera sites have all been positive. But definitely do your research. I call my photographer friends and staff with questions but seriously, I learned that they are used to their high-end cameras and used to their lenses that they can give you some advice but it's best to experiment on your own but also go on Flickr and study other photographers, look at their exif data and get an idea of what lens they shot, what aperture, what shutter speed, etc. And try to experiment with those settings. Granted, lighting and setting is different but it's good to research and see what others are doing and what they were able to capture and knowing what lens they use.* Last - Shoot Raw and consider purchasing a 10-speed, 16-32GB card. Shooting at RAW gives you more options when using software like PhotoShop or Lightroom but you definitely want to shoot at RAW. Nothing wrong with shooting via JPG, if you can manually fix those images on your own but I regret going to one event and shooting in JPG...I wished I shot RAW. Now I do most of the time. I say most of the time because I am in the process of purchasing a 32GB card (10-speed) and I have shot RAW 90% and 10% of the space, shot in JPG.JUDGMENT CALL:The T3i definitely delivers in picture quality and video. Granted, if you have another $1,500+ to spend and money is no object...then go for the higher end Canon DSLR's. But if you want to spend under a $1,000 but want very good quality for photos and video...the T3i is great! There is not a humongous jump in features vs. its T2i brother and for some, the T2i may be enough, in fact, if you are not planning to shoot video, some people may want just the XSi which I still see people using and have taken great pictures with it.But for me, the extra features that I saw with this camera, I have seen the potential that I can utilize in different settings of event coverage that I go to. If there is one thing that I wish I had...better lenses. The kit lens is a good entry level but at 18-55, there are times when I needed to switch to the EF75-33 (f4-5.6 III) and I see that my photographer had the convenience of having an 70-300mm f/4-5.6 IS USM Lens and saw how it would make my life easier to have such a lens.In fact, I really like the IS (image stabilization lens) and now looking towards those lenses for my T3i. The kit lens is good but you will definitely want a good zoom! And also, I felt that using the cheap Canon 50mm 1.8 gave me more vibrant photos and better bokeh than the 18-55mm that came with the kit.As for video, the mic on the T3i is not the best, so you may want to consider purchasing a mic (one person I know uses a boom mic, another uses a mic that attaches on top T3i). Taking video is very good but once again, if you are going for the T3i...plan to invest in larger GB cards...8GB is very good but I'm learning that I need more than that! You may as well if you do cover events or take a lot of photos.While the menu interface could have been better, part of the convenience that Canon does give to those who spend more money...so, for under $1,000...the T3i is still a great deal for the quality it gives.I love this camera and I'm still learning as I go but so far so good! I still have yet to buy a Speedlite Flash (I do have an older Canon Speedlite from the late '70s (which I have used on a Canon A-1 SLR) that does work with the T3i but rather purchase something more modern. And a few other things but for now, I'm just enjoying the pictures I take (and not enjoying the pictures I take, which is part of the learning process) but I'm quite content and happy that I bought this camera.If anything happens 6 months or a year down the line, I will definitely update this review.
camera|As another reviewer posted, I'm not sure of my qualifications or ability to make a detailed review of this camera, but I love it and will do my best. Having only ever used a Canon PowerShot SD610 and cell phone cameras before, this was a huge leap for me.I use the camera primarily to take pictures of the kids and flowers/gardens.I have read through the manual and found it a great asset (I have written techmanuals and read a lot of manuals, and find this one to be very easy to use). With its use I have tried every mode on the dial and used the Q - Quick Control to try the different functions. With the exception of the "M" -Manual Exposure, I have taken great pictures (OK - Excellent/Awesome by my standards, the people on the photo blogs may disagree with my assessment of my photos:)).The video capability is truly amazing, but does require a fast card (class 6 and up) I have a Class 10 and noted some lag when my son was running around in a low light living room. The Grandparents will be able to watch HD movies on their big screen.The weight is a bit hefty compared to the Point and Shoot but feels right in your hands. I have larger hands and the grips feel really nice even when holding the camera for extended time.Battery life appears to be good, I have yet to have the battery fail on me when I need it, but I have only had the camera a short time. Time will be the judge of this. I did by a second battery (Canon clone, not OEM).File size requires a SD card of decent size (Large .jpg High Quality = 6.4MB, RAW = 24.5MB) the camera is compatible with SDHC and SDXC cards, I have a 16 gig SDHC Class 10 (A-Data 16 GB Class 10 SDHC Flash Memory Card 16GSDHC10 (Blue)). Not sure what the SDXC brings to the table but if I pick one up I'll update this review.Live Mode (like a standard point and shoot - LCD screen shows image to be captured) is great for videos and can help when composing shoots from various angles (taking pictures of the dog near floor - without kneeling). There is even a Live Mode with facial recognition and tracking, chases my sons face all over and gives me the correct focus. The Live Mode was the only mode I figured I would be able to use, but I find the standard viewfinder eyepiece to be very easy to use and has all of the information you need.I plan to have this camera for years to come and hope to someday master all of the settings (high expectations). I feel this camera is the perfect match for my current ability (A+ Fully Automatic Shooting allows me to take excellent pictures while using the camera like a Point and Shoot) and my desire to become the photographic artist I hope to be).Anyone thinking about make the change from Point and Shoot to dSLR should really consider this camera. May I also suggest a camera bag, and cleaning kit.I have posted a few of my images on in the photo gallery here on Amazon.
camera|I purchased this camera mainly for recording video. Its quality is amazing, and the on-board mic records great to me as well. For anyone wondering about the new HD digital movie zoom, I created a video demonstrating its quality and the microphone quality as well! Its on youtube. Just search for t3i digital zoom and onboard mic test. Check it out and let me know what you think in the comments!On a side note, I would not recommend purchasing the Patriot LX series 32gb class 10 SDHC card. I ordered one of these from newegg and when I received it, it did not work properly with the camera due to old firmware on the card. Patriot has confirmed this over the phone, as the issue started with the T2i. Apparently they fixed it in there new cards, but old ones are still out there! I did order the Transcend 32gb class 10 and it is currently working fine at the moment.I Highly recommend getting a wireless remote. I picked up a brand called Shoot, here on amazon and works great for videos as well if you do not have anyone to operate the camera for recording.Also the battery grip here on amazon fits perfect on the T3i and gives it a nice solid feel and increases stabilization. Link: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003QZ6SIY
camera|I'm not worthy to be a serious reviewer of this product, as I'm just learning what all the photo jargon means. Let me just say excellent professional looking shots are pretty easy with this camera, and I highly recommend it to anyone thinking of purchasing an SLR camera. I love the 18-135mm lens, as I'm usually just taking pictures of my wife and kid with it, seems as if I don't need any other lens. Maybe just a nifty 50 and a separate flash for simple bounce/diffused shots. No regrets on spending the premium for the lens or the newest model! Woohoo, new hobby!
camera|Purchased this, got it in 2 days, had it ONE day only when started having problems.First off...I am a long time Canon user and pro photog. I have other EOS and Canon cameras. Digital and film.Wanted to try this new model as it had the flip out back which I wanted.The first day it worked great. Took some great photos.Next day, I went a few miles from home and took what i thought would be a great series of shots. Never used the swing back as it was a very bright sunny day. Just used the view finder. It took photos...BUT...when I got home I flipped out the swing back to look at some of them real quick and discovered that there was an error code showing... Error 01 Failure of lense to communicate with camera. Ok, fine...went to look at the photos I took and discovered I had no photos. apparently the error happened immediately on me turning the camera on at the spot i took the photos. I was not happy because you do not get an error code through the viewfinder if there is a problem..least not one that I saw. Triedf to resolve the error code..as explained by support, and though nothing worked at the time, I continued trying different things and finally the error code disappeared and camera working. Ok, fine...next day...went to take some more photos..checked the screen.and the error code was back. This time nothing i did helped.Contacted Canon support and was told to return the camera or send it to one of their repair centers. I called because on the Canon website when i clicked on their support icon for this model with lense since they dont have a listing for body only, I would get a screen saying that they were not repairing this model. Kind of strange.So am returning it to Amazon for replacement rather than sending it to the Canon repair center as I didnt want to wait possibly weeks. Amazon is great about it especially since I had it only a few days. They are shipping a new one immediately which is fantastic and gave me a return label for return shipping for the defective camera.Not sure just what is wrong with this first one as I have never had a problem with any of my Canon cameras other than normal wear and tear over time. So I was very surprised. But I guess with all the ones I have bought over the years, there was always the chance to get one with problems. This time, I did. I still like the camera and I will always use Canon's. Just diappointed that I am now having to wait a couple of days to get the new one before I get out taking photos with it. I would still recommend it, buy which and gave 4 stars..but cant give 5 because of being disppointed at getting a defective one.I will update this review after I get the new one and see how it does.///////////////// OK, I RECIEVED THE NEW CAMERA. //////////////////////////////////////And have been using, also purchased the battery grip for it and extra batteries.First, the new one is great. No problems and I dont have the error with it and my EF lenses. Though the weather hasnt permitted much outdoor photography for me, I was able to attend the photoshoot that I had had scheduled and because of Amazons wonderful service, I was able to use my new camera. And it performed as I had nticipated. It is as good or better than any of my other canon cameras. I am going to upload some photos shortly taken with this new camera. Its a good camera. Fast, sharp and easy to use. The controls take a little getting used to as placement is some different from my older canons. But once I was familiar with them it didnt take long to change settings or to switch modes or whatever I wanted to do.//////////////////Another Update //////////////////////////////////Been using it even more. And the error code 1 has begun appearing again. And after alot of discussions with Canon support, it seems that this new camera is not going to be compatible with so-called 3rd party lenses. Right folks, if you have Sigma or Tamron lenses or otherss for the EOS system, then there is a good chance they might not work on this new camera. Just wondering if this is planned? Now in order to use this camera, I have to buy new lenses. I have Sigma lenses and only one canon lense. My sigma lenses arent cheap ones either. So now, only canon lenses will work. Not what I liked to hear. Makes we wonder why. Of course, its obvious when you consider the cost of 3rd party lenses compared to buying a canon brand lense. 3rd party leanses are alot cheaper in cost and at little difference in quality.More I find out, the more I am disappointed in this camera. I still like it, but am NOT happy at having to buy lenses just to be able to use it now. Not the camera, but Canon. Sigma is being great and as a long time customer is allowing me to trade my old lenses for new ones. Still going to be out more money, but now where near as much as I would have//////////////////////////////// NEW UPDATE //////////////////////////////////Have gotten my new Sigma lens. Used it extensively testing it the last few days. It works perfectly. No problems and am really happy with the images. Very bright and color saturation is good. Photos look great. I print mine on a Kodak printer which I am very happy with. My small prints anyway. I have larger ones done by a specialty shop.Regardless, the problems seem to stem from the camera and older 3rd party lenses being incompatible in some way. New technology...?? Very possible. And likely designed in by canon. They will fix any canon lenses to work with the newer cameras. So what the change was...who knows. I do know that Sigma does stand behind their lenses. They have a program for long time customers, so if you experience problems, like I did, get in touch with them. You will not be disapponted. Just dont expect something for nothing. I didnt...and I love my new lense.
camera|First canon rebel and it seems to be a great camera for a starter. If you are like me you will need to buy a book on how to effectively use this camera or just buy a cheap digital camera.
camera|Camera functions are so awesome & I love it Cant wait for a trip to come up.I love everything about it, the fact it was sent on time to was even a better deal.Canon software for computer editing sucks but I use iPhoto & it's superior.True deal!!!!!!
camera|This is a great camera. My husband and I are totally just beginners/hobby camera users, and we've been able to produce pictures that totally wowwed our family and friends. We hope to learn more and more about photography and I can already tell this camera was a great option!
camera|I would recommend this product to someone else. Camera is everything i need and takes good photos. Will stick with Canon
camera|I love this camera!I know that I will not have to buy another one unless this one just stops working! Make sure to get the more advanced memory card though if you plan to use it for Video.
camera|Pictures come out amazing. I never knew what I was missing until I bought this camera. The only feature that it is missing is the continuous auto-focus during video mode. I believe the new T4i adds this functionality. I am no professional, but I have taken some photos that come out amazing.
camera|I am writing this review not because I purchased t3i but because I purchased 6D. I've had t3i for 2 years and must have taken over 50,000 pictures if not more. I decided to "upgrade" and got myself 6D for 2.5K. And guess what? I do not any SIGNIFICANT improvement over t3i. What do I see is how light and easy to use t3i is. I am sure a 2.5K is much better than t3i. It has to be. However, for the amateur photographer who just likes to shoot pictures of his kids, friends, vacation sights t3i is the best camera. I will still probably keep 6D and use t3i.
camera|I like the item but was very disappointed by the way the item was packaged! Camera needed a lot of cleaning.
camera|I finaly chose this camera and I'm glad I did, it's great, especially for the price. I did after buying this find a bundle that has everything in it for only a little more. The bundle is the way to go in my opinion. You get everything you need!!http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0062N6VHA/ref=as_li_ss_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=390957&creativeASIN=B0062N6VHA&linkCode=as2&tag=wwwworkoutwei-20
camera|I bought this for my wife at the recommendation of a professional photog...oh my God! This camera takes the most amazing photographs! Not one con. Only pros! Buy it, or save money to get it!
camera|I've had this camera for a few months now, and I must say I've enjoyed it immensely. I bought it mostly for the video mode and it has not disappointed. The stills I've taken have come out beautifully, with the RAW workflow allowing for indescribably control over the image. The specs speak for themselves and Canon dependability is second to none. If you're looking for your first, or second or third DSLR, the t3i will not disappoint.
camera|I'll get right to the point. This is my first DSLR and I just love it! There's a bit of a learning curve, but not too difficult. The camera's easy to use and the pictures are incredible. The HD video will make you look like a pro. In fact, this thing makes taking great pictures unbelievably simple and at least for me, makes me look like a much better photographer than I am. If you have an eye on how to frame a picture, do it and the Canon T3i will do the rest. Want to take great pictures? Grab a T3i. It can make a cardboard box look great! 6 Stars!
camera|I'VE BEING USESD THIS CAMERA FOR AOUT A YEAR AND IS AN AMAZING CAMERA, IS MY FIRST RELEX AND WORKS GREAT FOR VIDEO...!!!
camera|Awesome camera, easy to learn features and great seller for this product! I can't begin to tell you how happy I am with this purchase! I have borrowed "good"cameras from a friend who knows and told her I was looking for a camera that I could change out lenses for wide angle and telephoto and extreme telephoto use. This is exactly what I wanted for the times I need that and the times I don't. Awesome camera for the price!!!!
camera|I got this product on a deal for the thanks giving .. working very well and I am highly satisfied for the price I paid for it.
camera|just as described, a fantastic and easy to learn DSLR camera. a great choice, just make sure to select your lenses carefully and don't get the stock lenses.
camera|For a brown box camera the T3i was an excellent purchase. The only problem I have had with the camera is the buttons sticking.
camera|Purchased for trip to Africa, one of the best purchases I have ever made. Easy to learn, as a beginner, and gain confidence to take better and better photos. You can grow into this one and have it for a long time.
camera|Wonderful starter camera, bought it for the wife and she absolutely loves it. Has many features, though it will take some time for the wife to familiarize herself as the amount of options is plentiful.
camera|This camera is my first DSLR camera and I am impressed every time I use it. This camera make me look like a professional photographer. Easy to use standard settings as well as the ability to create custom setting for the enthusiast. The included Lens takes amazing close up photos because of its included images stabilization. I would buy this again and again. Worth every penny!!!
camera|The camera takes good photos and it's easy to handle. I only do not recommend the 18-55 lens, because doesn't have zoom.
camera|I'm amateur photographer, this camera let to me take excellent pictures and record video in high definition too. Perfect pictures, easy handling and light weight, You can dispose of many accesories a good price, lenses, filters and many others implements for photographers.
camera|This is the best gift i could ever gif to myself, i was getting crazy for it since the first time i saw it in publicity. Thank You :D
camera|just great great quality great controls perfect camera, i recomend this camera to anyone looking for a high quality camera in this price range
camera|Bought this camera as a replacement for a T2i. It is a great camera with all of the features you would expect. Everything works great, but if you have a PC running Windows 7, you may have connectivity issues when you try to connect the camera to the computer.
camera|I already have the T2i and when I decided to try out the T3i I was not disappontied. I love the features and the video HD is really sharp.
camera|THis is a great camera to have. It takes great pictures but the Samsung Galaxy camera takes even better ones and is well worth the money. You will use this camera for everything.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B008K29OHK/ref=as_li_ss_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=390957&creativeASIN=B008K29OHK&linkCode=as2&tag=wwwworkoutwei-20
camera|I bought this camera just a few days ago and so far am very impressed with its low-light abilities. I don't even have to use the flash indoors at night! I think this is a wonderful camera. The colors captured are very true to life, and with the flash it seems to get pretty crisp results. I definitely recommend this camera. I don't know about sports or intense action shots yet, I read from Cnet.com that it may not perform well in those areas, but we shall see! I do notice that it is MUCH slower in the Live View mode, so I've been just looking through the ancient peep-hole, and it is very quick!
camera|The Rebel T3i / 600D is exactly the camera that you will expect it to be. Feature-rich, reasonably priced, enjoyable to use and, most importantly, takes really great pictures. It's not a particularly innovative camera but it is a generally well planned one. Unlike the original Rebel / 300D, the T3i doesn't sit in isolation - there are plenty of options including the increasingly competitive mirrorless and auto focusing during live view video T4i / 650D seen here...http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00894YWD0/ref=as_li_ss_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=390957&creativeASIN=B00894YWD0&linkCode=as2&tag=stupisms-20However, in keeping with previous models in the range, it's an impressive camera for the money and it's hard not to imagine owners loving theirs.
camera|The camera arrived promptly as promised and behaved exactly as advertised. It is very easy to use and takes very good pictures.
camera|It came really fast and my husband loves it. He use it everywhere we go he takes very good pictures
camera|So far, I've done little with the camera. It will do so much more than merely take pictures so it will take me some time to become familiar with the many features. I have not had a camera for many years so I am just now getting back into photography.
camera|It seems to be a very fine camera.It has a steep learning curve.I would recommend it to anyone interested in a good entry level camera prepared to put in some time learning it.
camera|I purchased various Canon cameras but finally ended with T3i, starting from SX40HS, SX50HS, T3. The fun of manually managing the lens is just beyond comparison. I am currently using the automatic modes and learning to use the manual mode which might take some time but overall a fantastic camera a little heavy with the lens but totally worth it.The T3i essential accessories is definitely needed with this camera.
camera|The Camera is fantastic and I enjoy it a lot using it. I am still learning the manual for better understanding. I love it very much.
camera|This was my first dSLR camera purchase, and I have been delighted with the photos and video from it. However, after less than a year of very light use, the autofocus feature of the (EF-S 18-55 mm f/3.5-5.6 IS) lens stopped working. None of the troubleshooting techniques suggested in the owner manual corrected the problem, so I assume the problem is permanent. Regardless, I expected higher quality and durability from this product. Currently awaiting a reply from Canon regarding this issue to see how their customer service handles it.
camera|I was really torn between this and the t2i. I think the pop out screen really is worth the extra price and plus when time comes to sell and upgrade your going to be able to recoup a larger amount than you would with the t2i. Great dslr overall though.
camera|I'm new with professional cameras but I'm loving this one. I use it the most to take some teeth pictures cause I'm a dentist and the photos are perfect.
camera|Better than expected. My daughter uses it an loves the pictures and features. A great but and wonderful Christmas present.
camera|love all the possibilites especially the flip view screen. Better on the neck and back when shooting at low angles. Great manual
camera|Muy satisfecho con esta compra, lleno todas mis expectativas, realmente es lo que estaba buscando desde hac&iacute;a mucho tiempo. Producto recomendado 100%.
camera|I bought this for my daughter so I can't really give it a very in-depth review only to say that she's very happy with it. I own a T4i which I love and they say a T3i is basically the same minus the touchscreen.
camera|I love this camera, I recommend it for honestly anyone, like I'm 14 and I love it, I know a junior in highschool that has it and loves it, and I know an adult in her 30's that loves it! Anyone would be happy with it. It's easy to figure out and comes with easy reading directions and tips. It's awesome and the pictures on your camera are easy to upload to your computer, if you're looking for a nice camera, this is the one!
camera|I am a beginner, and from everything I read on a great starter camera, this has been it and more. I started taking a lot of Portraits and people cant believe they are not professional taken. The quality is amazing. I ould recommend getting a better snap on lense such as the 55mm for portraits but this is a very easy user friendly camera for DSLR. Would buy again
camera|Amazingly clear, this Canon produces the clearest pictures I've ever seen. I'm not a professional photographer, but I found the settings easy to control and easily adjusted for any scene.
camera|The video quality is amazing, only problem is sometimes it automatically stops recording so i had to get a good sd card. If you know what you want from the camera you can get the best pictures.
camera|I am a videographer, who was looking to move from standard def, and resisted the notion of shooting video with dslrs for some time, eventually after some research i decided to go for it and chose the Rebel T3i because of its features and cost and having seen what could be done with it, i was sold. the delivery time was amazing with my Amazon Prime trial membership and its performance in the first gig i used it for validated my purchase decision, there was no way i would get such beautiful video from any camcorder in this price range, I'm now looking to invest in glass (a 50mm f1.8 to begin with) to really get the most out of my new favorite piece of tech, many thanks Amazon !
camera|This is really more camera than we need just for our toddler around the house, but it is wonderful. Love the quick shutter speed and high quality images. Don't know how we functioned before this!
camera|This is a great camera, and is amazingly simple to use. This was my first time buying a DSLR. It was for my sister who had no experience using a DSLR before. We used it in manual mode, and were able to use it well after a week of practice.I'd definitely suggesting getting the 18-135 instead of the standard 18-55, even if you get the 55-200 as a separate lens. It is always better to have one lens, and not have to keep interchanging lenses. A great starter lens.I also got a 50mm lens along with the 18-135 for taking portraits.
camera|The Canon T3i is the perfect "my first camera" for a beginner photographer. Its easy to use interface makes finding and switching settings a breeze.The Canon t3i has an nice amount of weight here you know its not cheaply built but not to the point you want to carry it around. The tilt lcd screen is also a great attention to it letting you shoot from all angle without worrying about if your lined up or not. The only problem i received from this camera was a battery back that does not charge fully
camera|I am a professional still life photographer and this is my family snapshot camera. Nice feature set and quality for the price. But I would definitely recommend getting it without the kit lens and buying something like a 28-70mm f2.8 to use with it.
camera|I love the easy to use basic guidelines and am looking forward to educating myself to it's further attributes. Wonderful prints from recent visit to botanical gardens. Lens are easy to change, love all the automatic features. GOOD OLD CANON RELIABILTY!
camera|a surprise christmas presnt from my husband along with the super zoom lense - the zoom lense i am using alot. i am finding the camera easy to use - the rapid fire is really fun.also received slr for dummies along with the camera i would recommend this to for a beginner like me. very happy !
camera|This Rebel T3i is amazing especially for beginners. It's relatively cheap for the quality that you get out of it. My passion for photography was always with me from a young age but I only recently really got into it. I bought this camera in future shop downtown Toronto last year December. The body is made of plastic and if it gets lightly scratched or nicked rubbing the area with your finger removes the scratch. I was blown away by the quality of the pictures this camera provided me with. It was my first DSLR ever. I used to use a Kodak 5MP point and shoot and then moved to my Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc 8MP phone. When I got this camera I dived straight into using manual mode. It is the best way to learn. I live in the Caribbean on an island called Trinidad and Tobago. It's too expensive to ship items out of the country or fix here so I needed to make sure the camera works perfectly. I used this camera in doors and out doors in very cold weather and it held up amazingly. I was a bit skeptical of the Flip screen, living in Trinidad if it broke off or damaged it would be too expensive to repair. (Might as well buy over a new camera body). My fears are no longer, I constantly flip the screen whether it's for video recording of picture taking. It's well designed and built. It is a crop sensor camera which means the lens length is longer. Multiply the 18-55mm standard kit lens by a cropped 1.6 sensor and your lens becomes 28.8-88mm. While it is true most times that the glass (lenses) you buy for your camera are what make the image look amazing because of the optics etc..I have read online many times where people cry down the standard kit lens you get with this. This kit lens is an amazing lens for learning on, so if you're new to photography go ahead and get the lens on the body. If your more of a seasoned photog well you will know to buy the camera body alone and hopefully you already have some prime glass. Checkout some of my pictures on flickr at amazon won't let me paste the link so here is how to see my pictures. In the URL type in [...] Many of these pictures were taken with the Canon EOS Rebel T3i.Update Wednesday 20th March 2013This Camera Body is the best, I have taken thousands of photos with it already and it's still going strong. Definitely be careful swapping out lenses in any windy area that you know could potentially carry dust, dirt or sand particles that could get into your camera. I took my T3i on the beach last week to get some shots. I got down low enough to get a couple shots but it never touched the sand. However I was swapping out my telephoto lens for my kit lens and some sort of particle got onto the mirror of the camera. I could see it through the viewfinder. Got me scared I tell ya! I was lucky though I was able to blow it out on my own right there at the beach without it going anywhere further inside near the sensor. I got some awesome shots. It rained very lightly so the camera did get a few drops of rainwater on it. Stashed it in my camera bag till I got to shelter and gave it a quick wipe down. Still works. I flip the screen out more than I thought I would, up to now it's still solid as a rock. I only used one battery that day I didn't need to swap another battery in, the camera was on for more than 4 full hours and got around 550 shots that day. I did notice at times of above average use the grip area near the battery compartment did get relatively warm as the battery got hot. When I mean hot I don't mean extremely hot but you can tell the difference. Check out some of my shots on flickrFind me on Flickr~Go to Flickr~Then type in a "/" then "photos" then "/" and last type in "suipeter"And that should take you there.
camera|I did my own research of course and this is a great value for the type of camera. The photos are brilliant and the smart mode makes picture taking for novices very easy. Videos are pretty good as well.
camera|This is everything I have ever wanted in a camera. When this came in the mail it was like Christmas and my birthday all rolled into one. I had originally looked at the T3 but upgraded to the T3i for more features. The T3i also has grips on the camera making it MUCH more comfortable to hold for long periods of time. I was happy that it came with so many different cords to hook up to my various other electronics.The SINGLE downside to this camera is that it has no internal memory. You have to have an SD card in it to use it. But really, that's not big deal. I bought 2. They're really cheap.
camera|All in perfect conditions. Perfect timing and procut. Thanks! I dont have a memory with me so i can't test it the right way yet, but it seems it's perfect.
camera|It works just fine. Just what I wanted. I do not have any complaints about this camera. Now I just need to get out and use it.
camera|great at reducing camera shake a very slow shutter speeds. creates amazing pictures with excellent control of the depth of fields.
camera|awsome camera. worth every $I got an amazing deal. everything that came with this camera was great. if you want nice camera go with this one
camera|This is an incredible upgrade from the digital cameras we had! I've only scratched the surface with the features and I am already impressed.
camera|Always wanted a fancy camera... this is a good one I think to start on. Took photography in high school, but never had time to &#34;play&#34; with what I learned. I think this is a good starter model.
camera|I finally gave in and purchased this camera after years of using point and shoot. I'm glad I did. It's a very good camera for beginners like me going into dslr photography. I like the lcd display and the instructions on it. I own a canon point and shoot camera and they are quality products, but the pictures from the dslr are way better (night and day) I just started but so far it's been great. I'm still learning the camera. i would recommend getting the t3i book &#34;From snapshots to great shots&#34; if you purchase this camera.
camera|This is a great entry level camera. My girlfriend and I run a small photography business and we use this camera, along with a 60D, and T2i. This camera is a mix between the T2i and the 60D. You get the flip out screen like the 60D, but the features/quality are similar to the T2i.Build quality is great. This is a sturdy camera and it feels good in the hands. It is also pretty much and lightweight.The best part would have to be the wide selection of lens that Canon has to offer.We also make short wedding trailers with these cameras and the video quality is superb. You get to shoot in full HD 1080p!For the price that these DSLR cameras are today, you can't go wrong buying one. I do suggest buying a battery pack and a flash. These high res videos and pictures will take a toll on the battery.
camera|I was a little worried to buy something this expensive in the internet but the product came out intact and very well protected. I am very satisfied with it.
camera|It does what it is supposed to do. It takes great pictures. One problem I had with it. It does not warn you when there is no memory card in it. Missed some awesome shots..
camera|This camera is the best work great its take great pictures its give you professional looking shots and its pretty easy with this camera, and I highly recommend it to anyone thinking of purchasing an SLR camera i take alot of picture of my kids and they are perfect shots and i am just learning to use the camera
camera|Great product!!! Super fast delivery!!! Nice price and quality.I recommend to all. Will enjoy with your friends and family together every day!!!! =)
camera|New to DSLR, very nice camera. Many options for a new user to play and learn! Features are user friendly just takes some practice!
camera|I bought this camera after reading hundreds of reviews of camera's in this price range. I've been an avid Canon point and shoot user and I actually can make better pictures with my old Ixus 75 then with this one. It doesn't do well with bright backgrounds (skies, sun) and colours are somewhat bleak too. I've been fooling around with the settings and am slowly getting more vivid pictures where contrast and brightness in fore and background is more balanced. The fact that you can take out the display makes it very handy for video and photography from odd angles. The AF is very fast, but too slow in Live view. I'm considering to sell and get the T4 or better or even switch to Nikon.
camera|I would recommend this product to anyone. I really like my camera! It is perfect for taking quality photos especially for my photography class.
camera|This is my second Canon Digital SLR and I've loved them both. This is by far the best camera in its price class that Canon has produced.
camera|Excellent camera that does a lot of stuff. However, for a beginning photographer it would have been helpful for a quick guide to show me how weverything works. I been using the trial and error method. :)My friend stated that I should have just purchased the body only and the lens separately. She stated the kit lens doesn't always do everything you want and you pay about $150 extra for that.
camera|Love it! I use it for everything and think Cannon is hands down the best. I also own the Cannon D10 and was looking at the D20 when I decided on this one instead. Great camera with great accessories!!
camera|Fantastic Purchase! Pictures are great and it is easy to use. I would absolutely recommend this for any amateur photographer.
camera|Camera arrived in excellent shape and on time as always. What can I sayabout this camera that hasn't already been said about the quality, ease ofuse, and picture clarity? Nothing, all the accolades have been said, andthey are all correct. Finally, the camera I always wanted.
camera|as a long time canon shooter this isn't like my first rebel, the tech is so far advaced now and perfect small camera
camera|This is my first dslr, this feels like a great starter camera with great potential! The picture quality is better than expected.
camera|Real nice Camera, the photos are so clear, camera is easy to handle yet so professional. Great Camera for the price
camera|I'm definitely not a professional photographer but this camera is amazing! You have full control on how you want your pictures and videos to turn out simply by adjusting the lens! I love it. Highly recommend.
camera|best camera i have ever owed. thank you amazon for the low low price! i switched from Nikon point an shoot cameras, to this Canon DSLR. best decision i ever made.
camera|I'm super happy with this camera! Absolutely NOTHING to complain about! I shoot professionally with it and absolutely love it.
camera|Canon is a great company and they make wonderful camera's and lenses. I have used many DSLR's in the past and this one is great.
camera|Very nice pictures. Alot of buttons and features so it will take some time to master all its capabilities. Wife loves it.
camera|This is a nice sturdy camera, which fits comfortably in hand while taking shots. More importantly, it does a phenomenal job with close up and distance shots. Good choice for serious shutterbugs.
camera|I was at first set on a T3 but figured why not look at the next step up? I'm glad I went with the T3i because of the rotating LCD that also has a higher resolution. This camera also has the IR sensor to interface with a wireless shutter remote which I'll be purchasing for this camera soon. I love this camera.
camera|Been wanting to upgrade & did lots of research....so far, I love this camera. I am just using the basic settings now but look forward to learning more about the many options to choose from.
camera|I'm just getting into photography and this is just a fantastic camera. Yes, it is a crop sensor so you won't get full frame out of your lens, but overall it's an amazing camera. Just beware, once you start shooting, you'll get addicted and it's an expensive hobby. Although the auto modes are good in a snap, some of my best pictures have come from fiddling around in the manual mode which you just can't beat! If you want to delve into videography, this is an awesome camera as well and can get you that filmic look that you want. I won't profess to be an expert at the t3i (I'm still learning stuff everyday), but the features are intuitive and it's a great camera! BUY IT! There are a few features that really stand out in my mind:- Swivel LCD screen - This is not cheaply made, it's got a nice sturdy feel to it and can be switched into a variety of angles to help you get that perfect shot!- Kit Lens - I've tried the 50mm 1.8, but the kit lens is pretty sweet too. You've got to really have ideal settings to get good footage, but it helps you learn how to use a DSLR- Video mode - It's pretty intuitive and takes great HQ video! I'm impressed!- The camera itself has a nice weight to it! It doesn't feel cheap or fragile (I wouldn't drop it of course).I haven't had the camera long enough and I don't know enough about photography to figure out any of the cons of the camera, but I've got to say, I'm more impressed than I ever thought I'd be. Definitely a great investment. I can't wait to learn more about photography and the t3i.
camera|I bought an SLR a few years ago as a gift for a relative of mine. I decided to get one for myself. I decided that I needed to grow up from the phone camera and get something for special events.I took it outside and used different lenses and tested the different options. It took great pictures. I am glad I bought and will continue to test it.
camera|Even knowing the smallest amount of operating information, I've still gotten some really great shots already! Very simple to use with great results, and that's just a small fraction of this camera's power. I can't wait to learn everything there is to learn (which will take I while by the looks of it, but that's a good thing!) Overall, I'd definitely recommend. I got it fifty bucks cheaper than the current price, so some of you might be wondering why you don't just get the t4i as they're currently the same price - to that I say, if you plan on going up to bigger, professional DSLR's, stick with the t3i because you're going to need to learn the buttons and you might as well start now. If you're a casual user, then I'd go with the t4i, it's minimally better but it IS better, so if you see the touchscreen as an upgrade, might as well get it for the same price.
camera|My hubby was thrilled to receive this camera. He had done lots of research and the Canom came out on top! We are going on a dream Vacation in a few weeks and are looking forward to some wonderful photos.
camera|This camera is absolutely great for the price, and for beginning filmmakers such as myself, it proves as a very useful camera. The manual focus is great depending on which lens you use, I use the 18-55 mm and the 55-250 mm lens. The layout is great and the quality is pro-looking! No problems except for the built in mic, but that can be easily fixed with a separate boom mic. No other major cons! If you want to see a test, check it out here (there are 2):Canon EOS Rebel T3i test:[...]The Sandwich Man 2:[...]
camera|I bought this for ny son and daughter-in-law for Christmas and they love it. The pictures are great as are the HD videos.
camera|I really like this powerful user friendly cam, it is really what i was looking for, great pics, high resolution, great performance, im really satisfied! Thanks Canon
camera|This is a straight forward basic camera. Very easy to use & customize, and it's fairly light weight. If you take a lot of shots you will want a back up battery as with any camera. I have another Canon which I love, also Nikon & an older Pentax. The T3i is by far my favorite & have been using it solely for two months.
camera|Great camera. Easy to use. Takes awesome photos. Was given as gift to a beginning photographer. Highly recommend this camera.
camera|Great buy for an amateur photographer... Camera has easy to use functions, rotating display, affordable lenses and accessories.. I am very happy with the camera!
camera|Good for armature ! Clear and great photoes. Good and many functions. Easy to handle for newers. Great and not much expensive.
camera|This is my first DSLR after having 3 digital point and shoots. It is going to take some time to really appreciate all the capabilities of this camera but so far I am very pleased with the T3i. In the very basic mode it is an expensive point and shoot that takes great pics but I will get to the level of using the various custom settings to utilize the power of the DSLR as it is meant to be.
camera|I haven't had the camera very long but it is everything that I hoped it would be. I am just learning how to use it, but doesn't seem to be too difficult. Will just take some time. Pictures are very nice.
camera|I bought this for my wife who is over the moon with it. The 18-135mm lens is well worth the extra spend, and supprized me with how well it worked in low light conditions.
camera|Great camera. Very durable and easy to work. I am slowly working my way up in the camera category. I loved the picture quality and different features of the camera. The camera has traveled the world with me and has gone through a lot of punishment and still is a great camera and works great. Easy to handle and learn how to use.
camera|It's my friend's recommandation and it's really good. If the backbag is changed to a normal one for camera it will be better.
camera|Very easy to use as a point and shoot camera, as I will be taking some classes to really learn how to use more features.
camera|A great non-professional DLSR camera!Really easy to use (even easier than the Nikon d3100, that a friend have)My first DSLR camera and i am loving it!A must buy for all people that is planning to buy your first DSLR.Good price for a Great product!
camera|thanks for the black fridayI bought it in low price.As a gifts to my husband . he like it.
camera|I purchased this camera primarily to use as a video camera for some YouTube projects. The depth of field and clarity of this camera is amazing for the price point, especially if you can't afford the big boys like a Canon 5D Mark II or Mark III. The camera saves the files to an SD card, which is convenient to hook up to your computer (or with the provided USB cord). The video files are easily recognized by Adobe Premiere, and easy to work with.While the kit lens will get the job done, I'm looking forward to getting a &#34;nifty fifty&#34; lens to start doing more video and photo work, and recommend everyone else to do the same.
camera|This was my very first camera and I love it! It's so easy to use and makes it easy for me to learn how to use it.
camera|I am so happy with this camera. I'm definitely still a novice but playing with it and exploring has been really fun!I love the screen that rotates.
camera|Great camera! Would recommend to anyone. Easy to use. Still learning all the features, but still takes great pictures on auto focus.
camera|It is a very good camera. My kids are loving taking pictures. The clarity and speed of the camera is awesome. We have taken many action shots and the pictures have always come out clear. Glad we got this camera!
camera|I was going to buy a SLR because I had a SONY WX9. The WX9 was nice but the photo looks not good in the computer. Because the pixel is 16mp, but the component is small. I did some research before I got this SLR.I compared Canon T3i with Nikon D5100 and D5200. I also compared T2i, T3 and T4i. I found the T3i is the best. You'd better not focus on the pixel. Pixel means nothing. Especially for the new SLR users and the basic SLRs camera. 18MP is much enough for new user like me. Although many people said T3i didn't have many updates from T2i. But I saw many photos from the Flickr which were taken by the T3i. I think the price is nice. I got this camera with the basic lens, 50mm-250mm lens, 16GB Class 10 SD card and an amazon brand camera bag for $690. What a amazing price is. So, if you are a new SLR user like me, and you don't have a lot of money. This one is your chose.
camera|This camera was my first DSLR and I love it! The image quality is absolutely phenomenal (love the bokeh). Most importantly of all, is the selection of lenses that Canon offers. There is a lense for any occasion and they will all take phenomenal pictures. There are many great features packed in the camera and the only slight oddity is the video mode. I find it a little superficial and don't like the focussing modes. But other than that, this is a fantastic camera for taking pictures. If you are looking to buy a DSLR camera for the first time... any Canon Txi series will be an excellent choice. Then later, when you've built up your lenses you can switch to a better body if desired.
camera|Started off with a XSI last summer just to play around with and decided to upgrade to a newer camera. The t3i fit the price right and had a boat load of new features. One of the things I really like is the flip screen (I know some people hate it), but using it with video is just so useful especially when you are at a concert and have to raise the camera above your head (hey how else are you going to get the shot?!)haha over all , 5 stars! Love this camera
camera|i tried it out and the first photo i took was AMAZING! and then i took more , same results!!! Dont Bother Reading anymore, JUST GO BUY THE CAMERA!!
camera|After having point and shoot cameras for the last 10 years I made the leap to a dslr camera. The picture quality is amazing and I'm a complete newbie at it. Being able to take clear pictures of my new baby has been wonderful and I now have been able to capture many moments with this camera that I never would have been able to on my old point and shoot. Everyone in my family has talked about getting a dslr camera after seeing what great pictures it takes. I don't have a frame of reference for this camera over other dslr but I would buy this one again!
camera|Got this for my wife for Xmas...she's had her eye on it for awhile. I tested it out before and now after that I have given it to her. NO issues or problems whatsoever. Gorgeous photos, smooth, beautiful Full HD video. SO many settings. Love how it can output to RAW for extended editing options with the photos. Just a joy to play with. Even the budding photographer can get some truly excellent results. Very much recommended. Plus that swiveling LCD is just the icing on the cake.
camera|Great seller, camera arrived early, packaged great and wow canon is as always awesome! The camera was easy to figure out and we are thrilled with the quality!
camera|Great pictures, easy to use, long battery life. I was between this one and a comparable Nikon (D5100?) and am glad I ended up with the Canon. As a new comer to the DSLR community I found this camera easy to use and took great pictures, even when I screwed up and had it on the wrong settings.
camera|This is a real good camera, the fact that has 18 MP allows you to prosperar in the future, in case you want to acquire better lenses. Overall this has allowed me to do a lot. I started as an amateur photographer and now thinking of becoming a pro.
camera|I got a very good deal on this camera and bought it for my husband's 20th anniversary gift. He loved it. The lens on it isnt the best especially for close ups but it was a very good buy and the camera is super nice! Glad I bought it.
camera|Actually the camera is my son's purchase. He enjoys it a lot and has been experimenting all the manual features (e.g., manual adjustment of saturation, etc.). The photos he showed me look great. The protected LCD screen is nice feature.
camera|For a beginner who aspires to &#34;grow into it&#34;, I found this camera idea. I didn't buy the kit lens. Got the body and practice on a nifty fifty. Most of my pictures are indoor potrait shots and are great!
camera|All i can say is wow, clear amazing crisp images. Very user friendly. I have been waiting quite sometime to purchase a canon SLR and i am so happy i purchased the T3i. plus the price was excellent this holiday season. I can't set it down!!!
camera|We have had the camera for a few weeks and absolutely love it. I especially like the ability to wean yourself off of automatic mode and, as you learn more about lighting, aperture, shutter speed, etc..., move on to manual mode. It is a great camera for learning and takes great pictures in any mode.
camera|VERY HAPPY!! excelent Camera!! fantastic!!Ha sido un gran regalo! CANON T3IUna compra realizada en CAMETA CAMERA!! THANKSBLACK FRIDAY, THANKS!Caracas-Venezuela
camera|A great camera. This was purchased as a gift and they love it. Takes excellent pictures. This is not for a beginner, the person should have some experience with cameras.
camera|This camera is awesome. I am just jumping into the DSLR world and had my heart set on the Canon EOS M because I wanted small.After reading the reviews of the EOS M, I decided I would go with the tried and true. I am thrilled that I did! Yes, it is bigger, but it is certainly no heaver than any woman's purse!! So, move the purse to the other arm and pick up the camera...it's worth it!
camera|Easy to use. Love that the LCD screen flips in all directions. Takes excellent sports shots. I use it to take pics of my cheerleaders doing jumps.
camera|This was an upgrade from the Canon XS and I just have to say that it is worth it by far! Thanks!
camera|My previous camera was a Canon Rebel Xt. When I saw that iPhones had the same MP as me, I thought maybe it was time to upgrade. I had also finally come across enough money to do so.I'm not a 'super pro' but I do like to take some professional looking pictures from time to time. This camera is within your price range if that's the type of photographer you are.
camera|this is my first SLR camera and the results have been perfect so far.Very easy to use. I didn't try all the features yet.Image quality has been excellent. if you are used to point and shoot and are planning to buy an SLR this is one i would recommend.
camera|So much more advance than my former cameras. It suits my need perfectly! Hope to try out the 75-300,, f/4-5.6 IIITelephoto Lens, soon.
camera|Great first time SLR camera. So far, the results have been outstanding. Crisp & clear stills, and high definition videos. Night time pictures are great too. I Simply love it.
camera|Love the camera and get great pics. A upgrade from the small cameras. Have many of the lenses and can see the difference.
camera|Bought this as a gift for my wife. She is very excited and happy with the camera so far. The camera is very easy to use. Purchased it with the 18 to 135 mm lens and very glad we did. Really looking forward to learning how to use all of the features on this camera. Would definitely recommend it for anybody looking for a nice digital SLR camera.
camera|Does much more than I expected. The only draw back is the flip out screen. Video quality is very good.
camera|This is one of the best cameras in the market... Also for the price I bought this camera, it's quite a deal.
camera|I received this camera as an early Christmas present to replace my old Olympus digital SLR. I have to say, I'm extremely happy with it. I've been playing around with it taking some different shots and the results are fantastic! I even tried taking pictures last night when it was dark with the only light coming from my computer monitor and using the flash from the camera. I was totally amazed at the clarity of the pictures.
camera|I chose this camera because its affordable. Not only it's affordable but has an excellent review from photo experts. Would definitely recommend this product.
camera|This was a gift for someone that already had the lens so the basic camera was perfect! She loves it!
camera|I upgraded recently from a T1i and this can do all that the other could, but more! I'm sure once I learn all the extra features, I'll love it even more than my other camera!
camera|I decided to step up from pocket-friendly digital cameras to the Canon EOS Rebel T3i, and I'm glad I did. This is a great camera for the beginner, but it also has an incredible number of intuitive features. It has made me want to learn more about photography. I love this camera.
camera|Fast and realiable. It has all I need. The screen faciltates to take pictures in inconfortable conditions. Easy to operate; you don't need to be an expert.
camera|I had a canon before this camera and loved it. It never failed me and this camera is so far living up to all my expectations. Simple to learn for the beginner and lots of options for the advanced amatuer. And most importantly, beautiful & amazing pictures every time. LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!
camera|nice. a good camera. it worty to bought.all thing is worked well. but what you need to do is extra bought a UV and SDcard.
camera|I've tried others and am always confused by the menus... although could just be what you're used to.This camera has been great though. Even though it's an older model it does everything I need and then some. The upgraded ISO and DIGIC is a nice step up from my previous Rebel. A great full featured but reasonably priced DSLR.
camera|Excelent camera. I used it for about a week, testing all features, and it's a good choice for a mid-level photo camera.Everything was exactly as promised.
camera|I purchased this camera with the intent to get into photography as a hobby and I couldn't be happier! To be honest I wish that I had waited until the new T4i had been released so it would have been cheaper but still it was a great investment. It is very user friendly and produces great photographs. I have all macs and I was little worried that it wouldn't work that well with my computers but it works great! I highly recommend this!
camera|I haven't used this camera for photography beyond basic curiosity, but I just recently was cinematographer on a full length independent movie and we shot on this. I can tell you that it gives beautiful results. Pair it up with a nice 50mm manual lens and a wide angle and you'll get gorgeous images 1080p. The colors really pop and the ISO levels are pretty sturdy until you get way too high. If you know how to use it (or learn how to use it, there are great websites out there)There are a couple of things that might be a problem, but if you are aware of them I can't imagine them being an issue. Firstly, it doesn't output to a monitor in full HD, so you're better of getting a cheap lcd viewfinder or magnifier to see more details. Second, It will only record clips that are 12 minutes in length, which really shouldn't be a problem unless you're trying to remake Touch of Evil. Lastly, the camera did start to overheat and shut down on me once, but it was out in the sun all day and I did get a warning on the screen. The camera worked fine after a little rest, however.So don't do super long takes, don't leave it in the sun, and don't use a monitor, and this baby is good to go. For DSLR filmmakers, this is the best camera you can get on a budget. You'll love it.
camera|Just got this camera last week and so far loving it. It takes amazing photos and is very light weight. Im still trying to figure out some of the features and functions of the camera but so far its pretty user friendly! Overall great camera for the price!
camera|Exelent product, more tan I expected, it comes with all the manuals and cables. I have red some reviews but the camera is better than what most of the people said
camera|I have had the camera about two weeks, and am satisfied. I am currently learning how to use it. But I am so impressed with how well lit my photos are with the kit lens and only natural light coming in through my windows without the flash. I will update this review later if I find any problems, and to better explain how well I like it after learning more in manual mode.
camera|The camera arrived ahead of the scheduled delivery date and was in excellent condition. I have only had the camera for a few months so I have not had the opportunity to really get a feel for what the camera can do. As a beginner, I am looking forward to using it more as I become more aware of what photo ops I will have. Great buy and once again great service.
camera|Nice camera with lot of functions. Works for who knows about photography and also for amateurs in automatic mode. Highly recommend it.
camera|This is my first dslr. Starting getting into photography. After messing around with my canon sx30is other settings, i was hooked. Ordered this kit along with canon 50mm 1.8. Shipped was quick if you have the prime account. Being new to dslr this camera is ideal for ppl who are making the upgrade from point and shoot camera. Menus easy to navigate and very simple layout. I havent used the 18-135 yet cause i was hooked on the 50mm lens. I highly recommend purchasing the kit w/ 50mm. Its a great start for beginners.
camera|Excellent item, a great experience in my first photografy course. The price is fine but it should be sold with its case included
camera|This Camera is really awesome! True high definition quality for the pictures, powerful lens and many shooting modes! Perfect for night shots.
camera|Just recently recieved this camera and so far I am enjoying it. I toyed with its Nikon couterpart in store and this one if definately user friendly, atleast for the beginners. Picture are amazing. If you are invensting in dslr, I also suggest buying atleast one prime lens to see its majic at budget cost.
camera|The camera is way above the excelent. The automatic function works like a charm. I am really impressed with it.
camera|Was looking for an dSLR camera to purchase before my trip to Germany. This camera came highly recommended. I was torn between the T2i and this T3i. The main difference seemed to be the swivel screen. Luckily I found a good deal online for the T3i and am pretty happy i went with it. I am a tall guy (6'3") and the swivel screen is perfect for positioning the camera down and around in positions to get the best shot. Also, im paranoid about scratches on it so it is great to swivel it and snap in inwards to protect the screen.The picture quality is amazing. The pictures i got on the "no flash" setting at sunset and nighttime in downtown Frankfurt will probably stick with me forever. The video is also rather easy to use and provides some good quality. Just need to focus as you go at times. I am a novice to put it lightly when it comes to photography so have not really tried too much with the more manual settings on the camera, but for all you novices out there looking for a quality dSLR to start out I would recommend this camera. Good quality photos, provided quick snaps and series on the right setting, and the canon software included is super easy and quick to use.
camera|This camera captures a beautiful video image. The 18-55mm kit lenses is adequate to get started with and can achieve that cinematic shallow depth of field look. Just take a look at this short documentary I shot using this camera to see how it performs [...]
camera|I have only had the T3i for a week but it is an amazing camera. It does everything I want plus more. The quality of the pics and video is amazing. There are unlimited features in which to utilize this great instrument in like HD video with internal/external audio, camera able to use both internal/external flash, sports mode, or just point and shoot auto. I got the 18-135mm kit lens with mine because I just wanted the ease of having a one size fits all scenarios lens. The lens does great under any circumstance you desire to shoot or film. I am not a professional photographer but have been a amateur hack for over 30 years and this is by far the best camera I have ever owned. The technology put into this camera makes amateur pics look very professional. The buttons, menus and info functions are actually simple to navigate and program after reading the manual and testing a few times. I love the LCD and how it can be opened and positioned. You won't go wrong choosing the T3i or the 18-135mm lens.
camera|With this camera I have the opportunity to get better resolution memories I have left of my travels and family events
camera|This is a very good dslr camera for a beginner. All the functions work very well. I bought a EF 17-40mm lens with it. Until now, it work very well and I took a lot of beautiful pictures.
camera|This is my first real camera! Before this I used disposable film camera and my webcam! LOL! :)PI bought this because I'm taking a photography class and I wanted the best possible camera.It was very expensive for me so I had to get a loan from my grandma but I'm glad I did!I absolutely LOVE this camera! The shots I've gotten are spectacular!Definitely worth the money!
camera|Just got this camera as an upgrade from my old Rebel XS. Mainly got this camera to take pictures/videos of my new puppy. It is an Alaskan Klee Kai for those of you who care. The video quality is superb and the settings are very easy to use. I'm not pro but my pictures are coming out wonderful. The menu system is easy to understand and simple to teach someone who knows nothing about cameras. Overall I am VERY happy with this purchase. Maybe someday I'll be good enough to warrant getting a full sensor camera.
camera|This is my first DSLR Camera and I think I've made very good choice. The more I use the more I like this!!! Even though I like it very much, I have two problems using this camera. Shooting movies and taking pictures using LCD monitor are really bothering me now because I cannot make right Auto focusing with these two performances. Somebody can help me if you can.
camera|I love my new camera! It has a lot of feature, but its easy to use. Im just a mom that loves to take picture and this is the way to go. I've had Canon products before and I love it.
camera|I used to have Canon cameras before the digital age, then went from Olympus digital to Nikon or Fuji for digital.It feels great to be back to Canons and have a quality digital camera. It has all the features I wanted for close-ups/macro, indoor and outdoor photo, SLR. And the price on Amazon was really attractive! I am very happy with my new acquisition.
camera|Kind of a must have for anyone looking to get into photography and videography. It's a great product for the price with tons of features. However, with the T4i out, I would recommend getting that. If you can find a great price on a used T3i, maybe, but I'd get a T4i.
camera|This camera is outstanding. I really appreicate the extra effort the vendor took to help me make sure this camera was the right one for me. He also took the extra effort to ensure I received in time for my vacation. I would highly recommend this vendor.
camera|Love the quality of the camera and the pictures it takes. It is confusing for a novice but easy to pick up once you start using it more. Im not liking the zoom on the lens it came with it shows like its focusing close but when you take the photo it is small. guess i will have to buy more lenses, overall I would recommend the camera
camera|Awesome product! Will take me quite some time to fully learn to use the features but am looking forward the experience!
camera|This is my first Canon camera and I am in love! The camera is easy to work on auto while I work my way through the manual to find out how to be more creative. So excited to take tons of photos!
camera|I am writing this review after using it for 6 months.Excellent camera with great features.Working absolutely fine without any issues.Would certainly suggest this camera for all great photos.Slightly on heavier side. Would not be comfortable if your involved in fast moving sports and entertainment [ Kayaking, Water sports,....]
camera|Awesome Camera, Good one - as described, it has loads of features, getting to know each one of them might take ages no complains at all, excellent cam and awesome features.
camera|This camera is a ideal for amateur professional photographers who want to capture both stills and video photography. Its swirl LCD panel allows one to shoot videos of oneself and is very convenient. Plus the pre-defined configurations allow one to experiment with different modes without having to set them manually.The body only allows you to choose the lens that is not available as part of the standard kit. I chose the Canon EF-S 18-200 IS to provide a wide range shooting as well as optical zoom.If someone wants the convenience of point and shoot and at the same time the clarity of a DSLR then this is the one.
camera|I am still learning the camera but it is nice so far. I have owned many Nikon cameras including 35mm SLRs. This is my first Canon and I had my reservations. I plan to use it for astrophotography and there is a lot of support for the Canons so I went with the flow.The 18-135 lens "feels" cheaply made. The focus ring is very loose. It does work though and I have taken some nice test shots.The camera is loaded with features but some are not that intuitive. I do read the manuals and about half-way through this one. The instructions are good. I will probably use this mostly in Manual mode but the other options are good.Access the memory card is nice. You can get to it with the camera on a tripod. The battery cannot be removed without taking the camera off the tripod.The kit includes a video cable and USB cable. I have not used them yet.The LCD is easy to read and the articulated feature makes it easy to see regardless of the position on the tripod.
camera|This is the first DSLR I got.I will not tell you how this is the best since I only played with the Nikon D3100. I liked this one best. They were on the same price range (Nikon being a bit cheaper) but this one just felt right (Menus, weight, the ergonomics- buttons, dials).I had it for two months and I love it each day more. I also considered the 60D and the 7D but for the money and features I wanted this as an entry point into DSLR photography.So, I liked it so much I got one for my wife :)Next stop depending on what comes out will be a full frame camera.You can see some sample shots at stefansip.wordpress.comI got the 50 mm 1.8 and the 75-300 no IS no USM cheapo lens that came as part of the kit (not so happy about the last one)The most popular review for the T3i here at amazon is actually an article you can find on the web by google-ing any of the text.
camera|I am a "hobby" photographer, so I hope that you consider this point when you read this review;As a Canon user for almost 20 years, I'm never disappointed any Canon products I've used. I bought this EOS T3i after using my EOS 350D for 7 years. Although this camera shares the same base with 350 D, it has some critical "update" that I find important; - T3i sensor works definitely fine and 18mp image quality is quite successful. I had a chance to try 60D before and I can say that image quality of the picture taken by these two cameras are almost same. If you support with good lenses, you can have high quality images with T3i body. - The movable LCD screen is far my favorite. It gives a pleasure when you use the camera. In fact I feel like I am playing a new toy. - The IS system on lenses works fine. I have several picture taken in low light, but they are quite sharp.Other than that, it is a very great DSLR...I have not try the video option but I am sure it gives satisfying results.
camera|I love the T3i. It produces good quality images; even in low light, the image noise is not horrible. The rotating LCD protects the screen, but is still convenient to flip out quickly when needed. The menu is easy to navigate, I have always been able to find everything I need within a few seconds. So far, it has been a very user-friendly camera in basically every way.The kit lens is great for the price. If you are looking for a good beginner camera and plan on buying 2 or 3 lenses to start with, then I would recommend it. Being a beginner myself, I was looking for one lens to use for several weeks before buying another. The lens is great and performs exactly as described, but I soon felt very limited as far as aperture goes. To other beginners looking for a single lens, I might recommend the 50mm f/1.8. Otherwise, this lens has been great to have on hand and I have learned a lot using it.This camera/lens is by far one of the best investments I have made!
camera|Camera arrived before time and has proved to be a great piece of kit. Image quality is outstanding and features and operation are faultless. A good buy.
camera|I shot some pretty impressive music videos on this camera. It doubles in value, when you are able to make your money back by doing professional work with this camera. I definitely recommend this camera to all. Make sure you upgrade to Magic Lantern so you can really unlock the full potential of this amazing camera.
camera|This is a great camera and I'm very happy with my purchase. The only thing I would do differently is that I would have just bought the body and then purchased a better lens. The kit lens the T3i comes with (EF-S 18-55 f/3.5-5.6 IS) is fine for a while but if you take a lot of pictures you might notice that it can give you soft pictures at the telephoto end. Especially if you have the lens wide open. Stopping it down does help a little. If your pictures will mostly be taken using the wide angle range with the lens not wide open then you might not notice many issues.
camera|This is my first DSLR and I am so happy I purchased this camera. Their is so many advantages this camera offers and the pictures are sharp and lively. I am working on getting more lenses but I am on my way.
camera|This camara amazes me on all characteristics, it's our first camara of this sort before we would use a little handheld camara. You always think it's too difficult to get to learn how to use these, but it's in fact quite simple, although you have to take it step by step. We're halfway in trying out all possibilities and enjoy working with it a lot. Great buy, magnificient price quality relation!
camera|The initial learning curve is fairly steep for a beginner. However, once that is achieved--or if the user is even moderately acquainted with digital cameras--usage become intuitive. I am astounded by the variety of "tweeks" available in each shooting mode. I suggest using the basic modes until familiar with the buttons, then dive in head first! Of course, ALWAYS check the histogram after shooting. This is classified as an entry level camera. I suppose that keeps the cost down ($700 is down?) but who could ask for anything more?
camera|I am very happy with this camera. It is my first HD camera and my first still shot camera. It shoots images at 4k resolution and video at 1080p. I am an amateur filmmaker and this camera is working wonders for my short films. It takes getting used to to get excellent video but it is more than capable of doing so.
camera|The product is fantastic. I had another Canon Reflex, but this ona is realy different: The colors are more highlighted, and with 18 mega pixels I can take really good photos. And the seller did all right, i recommend the seller for any purchase.Tank you!
camera|Purchased the Canon EOS Rebel T3i camera for my daughter. She has just started using it and is wowed by it. She says the picture is actually better than real life. Received from Amazon very well packaged and fast. Hope to have many years of fabulous picture taking.
camera|Very nice camera with great features. My wife takes many photos of the kids and nature. We replaced an older Cannon digital Rebel. Great for the money.
camera|One of the things I like about this camera is that it is light. A friend purchased another brand and it is heavier and she wishes she had one like my Canon. I am really enjoying it!
camera|Hi, I got this camera for my own Christmas present. I wanted to upgrade my camera but I wanted a Canon, because of the movable LCD monitor. Its very confusing with all the buttons but I love it. Pictures come out great. I still have a lot to learn. Just keep on practicing.
camera|This is exactly what I was hoping digital photography would be. Well it hasn't been until recently and even then it came at a huge price. NOW this camera is everything I've hoped for. Really good automatic pictures with the built in flash, Excellent shots with the different auto / manual settings. The wireless flash control with the speed light flashes is incredible. Its my Canon AE-1 with A-1 features only without the extra charges for high speed film etc. In short, I love it. Battery life is excellent too. If you liked the AE-1 you'll love this!
camera|Easy to use, took great pictures. Much better picture quality than the T1i which I gave to my kid. Video auto focus is not as good as traditional video camera. So video sometime is out of focus even it look clear in small screen.
camera|I received this camera as a gift from my parents. Though I am not a pro, I love how this camera works! Great pictures, great features, 18 MP! It's easy to use, great for carrying with you everytime and everywhere!
camera|This is my first dslr camera. I'm loving it.It has exciting features and countless possibilities.If you can afford it, go for it
camera|Purchased for my daughters photo class. She was taking great pictures within minutes of opening the box. Easy to use. Picture quality it great. Would definately recommend it.
camera|This is a wonderful, easy to use camera camera. I personally hate reading instructions and with this camera I didn't really need to. All of the functions are either clearly labeled or are easy to figure out, so far I have only had to look up one item in the manual. I have used a Rebel XT in the past and the T3i is a vast improvement. Also, Amazon sold this camera for $100-$200 less than anywhere else I looked. Very pleased customer.
camera|This is my first time using a dslr camera, however it makes it a lot easier when you have a camera that helps along the way.. I would also suggest a training dvd or book though. The instruction manual is good however it leaves a lot to be desired. Other than that I would buy again with or without the instruction book.
camera|This product arrived exactly as described in the caption. Everything was included, I can't believe that it had to be listed in the used section- because it is brand new! I am very happy with my decision to use this method of purchase and have added it to my shopping list of places to research for the best price. I haven't had a chance to fully use every function but plan on doing that shortly.
camera|LLego todo perfectamente embalado y muy rapido. La camara funciona a las mil maravillas. Unas de mis mejores compras. Saludos
camera|I purchased this after much consideration between the T2i, the 60D and this, the T3i had the flip out screen for above shot viewing. They all seem to have the exact same sensor, the only difference being the size, mirror actuation speed and image processors. this fit my budget perfectly. I upgraded to this from a Rebel XS, and a major difference was the lightning fast focus speed and the video capability. this is the best camera for the money (in my opinion) HANDS DOWN
camera|Bought this camera about 4months ago, with no experience with a DSLR. Got some pointers on aperture & shutter speed, and WOW! The pictures are amazing! I now only shoot on the manual setting. Super easy for those of us with even the littlest of experience, and the end result is professional-grade photos! Would highly recommend!
camera|excellent product, it was how was described. i'm very satisfied with this purchase and i will not doubt to buy something like this again because fulfilled all my expectatives
camera|Dream camera, I've been saving up for MONTHS for this. SO happy! I bought it used, and it looked new to me! Bought this over the t2i because I'm a filmmaker.
camera|I am a painter/illustrator who primarily uses a camera for photographing reference (live models, objects, locations) and making images of my artwork. I previously owned a 40D and was very happy with it. There were some back focusing issues but Canon had recalibrated it and it was working great. One day, though, when I was trying to photograph a painting with some very saturated reds, I noticed the camera just couldn't handle this spectrum of colors--they were strangely murky and smeared looking, lacking crisp details. I wondered if perhaps some of the newer cameras could handle reds better.I then looked at the review for the T3i on dpreview. They test all their reviewed cameras at varying ISO's with an elaborate studio still life; the results can be seen at the end of each review on a page called "Studio scene comparison (RAW)". You can view the images at full resolution and compare sections shot with many different cameras. There are several small bright red fuzzy balls in the still life that are excellent measures for red. I noticed with interest that most cameras (including the 1D!) did not capture the reds well--they had the same murkiness that I noticed with my 40D. There were, however, a few notable exceptions, including Canon's T3i, 60D and 5D Mark II; and Nikon's D3. The red fuzzy balls shot with these had well-defined, clear details, without the problems other cameras suffered from. The 60D, unfortunately, had an orange cast in its reds, leaving the T3i the undisputed winner among lower priced models. Please note: most reviews claim that all the Canon 18 mp cameras have the same sensor--this comparison seems to indicate that they have redesigned or tweaked it for these most recent models.I purchased the T3i and, because of past problems, carefully tested its focusing accuracy. I ended up exchanging the first one because it seemed a bit sluggish, although it was accurate. This was a big mistake! The second one was accurate in the outside points, but back focused in the center point. I exchanged this one and ended up with one that had an accurate center point but back focused with the outside points! This is a fairly minor problem--it's off by about 1/8". Targeted details are on the edge of the zone of sharpness rather than the center, and it's only noticeable in critical close-up shots with the aperture wide open. Still, it could be a problem for portrait and macro shots. I kept it but may send it in to be calibrated.Aside from this, it's a great camera. Beautiful, detailed images, great dynamic range, and the extra resolution gives me room to crop. The high ISO image quality is infinitely superior to the 40D.I also enjoy playing with the video function, with one disappointment: the digital zoom starts at a 3X magnification and goes up to 10X. That means you cannot shoot without any magnification when the camera is switched to digital zoom, a limitation which demands considerable room to back up from your subject. I don't know why Canon designed the zoom like this; it renders a potentially wonderful feature almost useless in an average indoor setting.
camera|Excellent Camera, great to hold in hand and handle. Light weight to carry around. Provides plenty of features that you can try and learn. Overall, great for learning the concepts of SLR at an reasonable price.
camera|I love this camera. It takes wonderful pictures with good high ISO performance. It feels good in the hands and with a battery grip it balances with bigger lenses well. It has almost all the features of the 60D minus the bigger viewfinder, faster shooting rate, and extra cross type focus points. I would make sure the smaller size of this camera fits your hand well. If it is too small then you might as well get the 60D instead of this version, but if you like the feel then save some money and get the T3i.
camera|My first DSLR, having replaced a KODAK camera that I killed from taking way too many photos. With less than 3 days experience, I took some incredible photos in Israel with this camera. Did phenominal in low light, without flash.Would recommend getting the external flash if you intend to do a lot of low light photography as it will increase quality tenfold. Regardless, it creates some spectacular photos. With it being lightweight it was easy to take photos at water level in the Dead Sea. Be careful if you try that, because the minerals in the Dead Sea can cause damage to the metal.
camera|I am an amateur photographer who loves to shoot videos and photos of my family. Although I am also hankering to own a full frame camera, someday, at the moment this is what I can afford. I bought this Canon T3i to replace my old Rebel. I love to shoot video and I wanted to upgrade to 1080P. I also used to lug both a video and a still camera, now I don't have to. I don't have to buy new lenses as the 3 lenses I have for the old Rebel are compatible in size.So far I have shot hundreds of videos and thousansd of stills. I have brought it everywhere from parades, to beaches in Delaware and California, to Las Vegas, the Grand Canyon, Shenandoah mountains and to Florida. I usually just bring a monopod for better portability. I shot indoor videos and stills, in particular, with my daughter's ballet recitals and my kids' school concerts an plays. Using a long zoom (not with the expensive fast lenses but decent), a monopod and setting it to 1600 ISO, I can shoot hundreds of pictures and get more than a handful of great photos.To shoot videos it is recommended to use faster SD cards. I am using 16g Transcends class 10 SD cards. The price of memory cards have fallen so much that I could afford to buy several of them - just under $13 for the class 10 Transcends at the time of this review. There are a few times when the video recording stops automatically after a few seconds, but usually that is when I have used the card so many times (record, delete, record, ...etc), I just defragment that SD card and the problem stops.I uses iMovie to process my video clips. The Canon video format import very easily.Overall, it is an excellent camera to shoot family stills and videos to preserve and record lasting memories. The size is just right for me, it's not as big and heavy as a full frame camera.
camera|love my new camera.it was just what I wanted.Thank you very much for the fast shipment. I will have a great time with it on Christmas morning.
camera|My wife wanted a camera like this for a while so I broke down and surprised her with this. She loves it. It takes great pictures, fast compared to our old point and shot, takes a little getting used to looking through the viewfinder instead of on the screen. Looking forward to buying some other lenses to be able to shoot different distances. I bought this based on recommendations about great pictures and easy to use because we will not be getting into serious photography and could use this easily right away. Still a lot to read about and learn but so far its been great.
camera|I shot commercial events and weddings with three of these cameras, and every time people see my portfolio, they think I use 5Ds. It's not about the camera sometimes, it's about how it's used to it's full abilities! My 5DIII works with better iso for video recording and has onboard headphone jack. Other than that, these things pack quite the punch!
camera|The depth of color on this camera and the features - especially the swiveling display is a really useful feature.
camera|For the longest time my wife and I have wanted to buy a nice DSLR camera but for the price we never got around to it. This holiday we decided it was time to stop putting it off and we dove in. We received the camera and immediately went out to start testing it and were very presently surprised. The arguments that the picture quality is not good enough to justify the price increase from your run of the mill 180$ camera are easily squashed when you see what this camera can do. It takes a bit of reading on the functionality of the camera before you can really get the best of it, but simply on the preset and automatic settings you can tell the difference. The camera consistently gives great pictures and for a mid range DSLR camera I would defiantly recommend it. A sturdy or manageable case is recommended as the size of cameras like this makes it more likely to be damaged if you are just carrying it around unprotected. If you are on the fence about taking the leap into DLSR cameras you won't be disappointed with this one.
camera|If you are looking for the latest and most cutting edge intro DSLR then look at the new rebel T4i. However since canon launched the T4i the price has dropped even further making this an even better value then it was before. This is an excellent camera if you are looking to take your photography to the next level. However it is important to note what a DSLR will and won't do for you.It Will:-Give you better looking pictures. Even just taking pictures on Auto you can get some spectacular shots.-Allow you to &#34;take off the training wheels&#34; and have full control over your pictures-Expand your shooting capabilities with lenses for every occasion.It Won't:-Automatically make all your pictures great. You still need to compose and pick your shots.-Give you the portability of a Point-and-Shoot camera.The body of the camera is very well constructed, the buttons are all easy to reach and the live view screen is great for composing and reviewing your shots. All the advanced functionality you'd expect is there, though some of it is buried deep in the options menus. However the manual clearly explains where to find everything, so if you don't know something the manual is actually helpful in most cases.
camera|Oh I love my Camera! It is awesome! Makes wonderful photos and great memories! I have always wanted a Canon and now I have it! Very impressed with my photo's! Also fast delivery! Thank you!
camera|Need more details of what comes in the box. It didn't mention that a charger is included. Not a big deal, but now, I have two chargers.
camera|This is an awesome camera. It has lots of features that you can learn and grow into. I love the rotating screen and feel that it is worth the extra money.
camera|I have had a number of digital cameras, including a very good Canon that let me control everything manually if I wanted. This Canon SLR is SO much better - faster, better pictures, and it's easy to use. I have never had any camera that took portraits that I liked using the on camera flash or a flash attached to the hotshoe, including my film SLR. This Canon T3i DOES!! I love this camera!
camera|A great camera. Just what I was looking for. I love the flippable screen and ability to shoot photos as quick as you like.
camera|It's simply great! It's easy to make high quality pictures with it and it performs admirably in low light without the flash. The kit lens is good enough but I will soon be going for a 50mm prime lens to make the most out of the camera. The flip LCD screen is a real plus.
camera|i have been working with this camera over a month. i am very happy with this camera. the picture quality is beyond my excpecations.
camera|I primarily shoot landscapes and pet portraits. This camera is versatile in all kinds of light quality; I am very impressed with what its been able to capture.
camera|It's all it says on the description. It has a great image in the LCD screen and the video in low light is amazing.
camera|I just received this t3i SLR this morning along w/ a 55-250 lens. I was actually quite hesitated about this package purchase since it really cost a lot, around 850 dollars in total. But the moment I saw this camera, I so loved in it! It's made of high quality in terms of the material and the details. I took several sample shots. The speed was amazingly fast and with the 55-250 lens I was able to get a quite impressive shallow depth of field. It captures low-light conditions very well.
camera|I am so in love with my purchased item!The quality of pictures is absolutely amazing! I am very pleased with the night snapshots as this camera makes them look great!It is easy to use but sometimes it wont take a picture when needed as I guess something wrong with the settings. Before using this camera you definitely want to read the instruction book that comes with the item.If you are really interested in photography than YES you MUST have this camera!
camera|The T3i was part of a bundle that included the camera kit, 2 additional telephoto lenses, printer and UV filter all for a cost equal to the camera kit itself after a $400 rebate. I received all of the order sooner than expected as I selected free shipping. The camera mirror was damaged when it arrived and Amazon replaced it with next day delivery allowing me 30 days to return the damaged camera. I was really impressed with Amazon! I haven't used the Canon PIXMA Pro9000 Mark II Inkjet Photo Printer yet but the camera with the image stabilization lenses produce really sharp photos. I could not be happier with this purchase and with the Amazon's fine service.
camera|This DSLR Camera is the best to start with for photography starters. I you really want to dig into the photography world, I recommend you start with this type of DSLR.
camera|For beginners this camera is a really good option.I'm learning photography techniques with it and the results are great!
camera|I have been using this camera for a while now and the more I use it the more I like it. I have a couple of other cameras that are much more expensive and do way more stuff, but I enjoy this one the most. It's easy to learn and very user-friendly. Highly Recommended!!
camera|I bought this item through amazon used "like new" and everything was great BUT, yes BUT, the battery and battery charger were missing. So you wonder why i gave 5 stars? The customer service from amazon was great and they solved my problem in 20 min or less, so i know they can have mistakes but if you buy from amazon you can be sure it will be solved. The camera works awesome and i love everything about it! Enjoy you camera!
camera|I got this camera to do short films, and it's a HUGE step up from my previous cameras. My short films are already getting more recognition because of how much more professional they look now. Here's the first project I worked on with this great piece of technology: [...]
camera|I have never owned a DSLR camera in my life. Never as much even touched one. By following directions from Canon EOS Rebel T3i / 600D: From Snapshots to Great Shots, I was able to learn how to use this wonderful camera. I love it! I will never go back to a point and shoot camera. You will not be sorry when you buy this camera. I've received nothing but great reviews on the pictures I have taken with this camera. I have only owned this camera for 3 weeks. Take a look at my example picture of my daughter up above. Have fun with your Canon EOS Rebel T3i!!!
camera|Not gonna write a huge, in-depth review, you can find millions of those. I just wanted to make sure this thing got my 5 Stars! Its truly AMAZING!!!!! I am so glad I spent the $.
camera|This camera is amazing for skateboarding. The pictures and videos are amazing quality. If would want to see the quality go on my youtube channel and subscribe to heshcentral some videos are filmed with this camera
camera|Just wanted to add something about this camera that I didn't read about or nobody posted onYouTube about it I bought this camera a week when it came out I first hadCanon xsi and that camera had more room for your hands I don't. Know if it's just me that I have. Big hands but it seem kind of small for me My middle finger always leaving the side of the lens all scratched I don't knowIf someone else. Has the same issue that's the only reason I gave it four stars butThis camera is really nice takes amazing pictures and video with the 50 1.8 issick with it in other words amazing Just looking to buy the tamron 18-200 can someone tell me how thatIs with this. Camera still undecided two year old threw my camera and the 50 1.8 broke so need aNew lens
camera|Camera was as described, packaged not to be damaged in shipping. This camera is all that I would ever need. My pictures are sharp and I can now take those little insects or whatever I so desire. Good camera at a good price. Thanks Amazon.
camera|This is a giant step up from our Nikon D40, we also sold a Sony A1u (older HDV camcorder) because of the 1080p video functions that the T3i brings. What a great trade off! This delivers great pictures and great video at a quality price.
camera|Great camera with alot of features to do just about anything. fairly easy to use, lite weight, and takes some great pictures!
camera|Update: Heads Up, the new Sony NEX-5N is now giving the T3i Canon a powerful contender for less money. Pity there aren't enough lenses for it but that could change soon.The Canon T3i comes with the best lens in the market, far better than the D5100 kit lens. The Nikon kit lens is a soft lens, the Canon kit lens is ultra-sharp and it has a greater depth of field. Also Canon lenses are cheaper.Color reproduction is noticeably better on the T3i. The Nikon camera lacks saturation, specially in the red spectrum. Sunsets look completely wrong on the Nikon, dull and grey instead of yellow and red. However the Nikon D5100 performance in ultra low-light conditions is spectacular, the D5100 noise reduction is impeccable and beats the Canon Rebel by a long shot. This make the Nikon a better choice if you plan to use super-telephotos or shoot at night.The T3i photos look amazing as long as you keep your exposures between ISO 100-800 but the Canon T3i responds poorly at ISO 6400, no just noise but white "hot pixels" ruin the image. Photoshop filters can remove some of the noise but are unable to remove the white pixels successfully and who wants to work that hard anyhow? For this reason I cannot recommend this camera for low-light shooting such as wedding photography (ie. inside a church)Warning to filmmakers: It is not impossible to shoot a movie with the Rebel T3i but it is extremely impractical and I question the sanity of people who would recommend DSLR cameras for movie production. You would be just asking for trouble. Instead, if you must shoot HD video with a still camera for some reason, just buy a Sony TX9 or TX10 for one third of the price, the 1080p video quality is the same and it offers continuous autofocus, oh, and it fits in your pocket, perfect for traveling.
camera|From the few days I've owned this camera, I can tell you I'm very happy with it. My wife and I wanted to start learning advanced photography and move-up from our point-and-shoot Canon Digital Elph 8900.First we were thinking Nikon, but I can safely say after experimenting with most Nikons that you wouldn't understand half of what the camera can do.Then the salesperson showed us this camera, the T3i. I loved the built in 1080 video, adjustable screen, and most importantly, the fact that Canon has made it extremely easy to use.Each mode has a 1-2 sentence explanation on the screen telling you when you'd want to use that mode. What I also like is that it's not too basic; meaning, you won't outgrow it right away.Granted I've only owned mine for a few days, . . . so far, I can say that you should absolutely strongly consider this model if you're in the same position that my wife & I have found ourselves in.
camera|I remember the day I bought this awesome machine. I ripped open the packaging and could smell it as I fondled the black body, firm and right for the job. My T3i had arrived and so had I. I was ready to shoot the world!I'm a newbie but I know quality when I feel it, this was one quality beast I was going to tame, nothing was going to stop me before I captured a slithering series of perfect pictures to show off to ME, MYSELF and I! It's mine, my very own and I'm so excited- I can do what I want with this beauty.Stylish, solid and secretive, it holds a presence of its own. Absolutely festooned with features and benefits, my T3i helps me find my way intuitively across the wasteland of photography. All other machines lie in the dust as if to beg for just a glance from me, the master handler, the crowd controller and magician of our time. I have the world at my feet now that my 18 MP CMOS Digital SLR is tethered to my neck. I look down on anything else that can't compete- everything in the world shouting from the shelves to be considered. But no, there's nothing out there to compare with my beautiful girl, she's mine and I'm in love with her!Canon EOS Rebel T3i 18 MP CMOS Digital SLR Camera and DIGIC 4 Imaging with EF-S 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 IS Lens
camera|I'd consider myself to be an experienced amateur photographer, having for years shot with SLRs and medium format cameras, but this is my first digital SLR.I've been very pleased with the images and settings available on the T3i. I've been able to get great images shooting in aperture priority mode...and the learning curve was pretty short given my previous experience with both Canon SLRs and high-end digital point and shoots. The T3i has a nice grip, good battery life (but be sure to get yourself a couple extras anyway) and the flip out screen is great when you're shooting product photos on a low tripod, which I do a lot of.My only complaint is relatively slow auto-focusing in live view mode, but it's a minor annoyance.
camera|This SLR is everything the beginning or experienced camera buff could want. My husband is thoroughly enjoying his gift.
camera|I feel I should state that I have been a point and shoot user my whole life, aside from a foray in photo club in high school. That said, I always had higher end point and shoots, and frequently put them in manual mode and such. As such, I am not comparing against competing models or lenses, just on what I see after upgrading from a point and shoot. Anyway...I have had this camera for about a week now and have taken a few thousand shots. I am absolutely blown away by the quality. After using the T3i, I feel like I have never actually owned a camera- all my previous cameras seem like useless toys. The control and ability that this camera gives you allow you to really take your pictures to the next level. I took outdoor action shots of my dog that I wouldn't even have attempted in the past. The colors that popped in my outdoor shots really captured my neighborhood in spring bloom. One somewhat unpleasant surprise is just how much detail was picked up- skin blemishes and dust in my house were all very visible! This camera will allow you to capture moments that you can frame on your wall forever, as opposed to the typical posed portraits that you are generally limted by with point and shoots.I upgraded to the 18-135mm lens, and it takes great shots and never requires you to dance around getting closer to a subject. The lens feels solid, and is not excessively large. I live on a bay, and was able to get nice shots of boats 1/4 -1/2 mile away without a problem. I also picked up the Canon EF 50mm f/1.8 II lens for indoor photography. For the $125 price, it is a great deal and takes considerably better indoor shots with lower light.
camera|Great price for a wonderful camera with so many features.The main issue I have with this camera is with the video; autofocus does not work in video. You could press the shutter button to refocus but that messes up the few seconds of video. There is also no good way to add a good mic because there is a problem with the automatic gain control so if you use an external mic, you will notice a hiss when there is silence in the recording.So T4i is out now. This camera will be cheap soon and you should get it but only if video is not that important.
camera|This item was rated &#34;Like New&#34;. It arrived with caked on dirt and was missing both the battery and charger. Was not worth the discounted price. Once we hunted down the charger and battery we ended up spending more than if we would have bought new from other retailers or even from Amazon. Extremely disappointed.
camera|i actually bought this around 100$ less than it it is in the market for a friend, really neat and beautiful it came with a bunch of accessories and my friend (he's is a photographer) seem to love it so it has to be legit ;)
camera|I just got this in the mail and, honestly, I haven't even gotten it completely out of the box yet. I've had a Rebel XT for some years now and decided to upgrade simply because of the new advances in technology and the fact that I know the XT was pretty much bottom-of-the-line. I'm sure I'll love the T3i just as much as I love my XT.HOWEVER: The first thing I notice while unpacking it is that the battery charger now comes with a CORD! Really? This was necessary? It may not seem like much but for someone who travels, this cord is going to be a pain in the a**. Why is it that every time manufacturers get something right, they feel it necessary to change it? Usually for the worse. Perhaps someone can enlighten me.
camera|We bought this camera about 2 months ago from Canon while all the refurbished cameras were on sale. I have to say, for what seemed prior to be something complicated, my wife and I were EXTREMELY pleased with the ease of use. While we certainly don'y stray to far from the "auto" set on the dial, every setting comes with a good description, and the camera is so intuitive when we use it. The autofocus settings are great and the quality of pictures taken are absolutely INCREDIBLE. We've been in the market for a DSLR for some time and went with a Canon over a Nikon on the advice of a friend and I can say that we are EXTREMELY happy with our decision. For anyone looking for a good starter DSLR, this camera is PERFECT. Capable of professional quality pictures with novice level user knowledge!
camera|First of all, this is my first DSLR. I've been an amateur enthusiast for years with many point-and-shoot cameras. I've played with this T3I camera for a few weeks now with differing lighting conditions both indoors and out. I've also tested near and far photo shots, with hand held and tripod mounts. I've included filters and telephotos as well. I have not played with any wide angle lenses yet.LENSES USED: Canon 18-55mm (Image Stabilization) Canon 75-300mm (Non-Image Stabilization) Sigma 18-250 Macro (Image stabilization) Sigma APO 2x DG EX teleconverter Vivitar UV filters Precision Design 2x telephoto Precision Design wide angle 0.45xPHOTO QUALITY:-T3I camera takes nice photos, but while holding camera by hand, there are some hits and misses of blurred images when subjects move. I have tried different settings including the sports setting. I assume this is due to my not getting used to the camera settings yet? When images don't blur, pictures are awesome.-Another of my cameras, point-and-shoot Canon SX260, takes better pictures than the T3I. I set both cameras on the same tripod and take photos of the same objects in daylight, then with multiple other objects at different locations. Different zoom ranges used for each camera. SX260 takes better photos when viewed at same size using Windows Live Photo Gallery. Possibly me not knowing settings on T3I again? Please note SX260 is one of the best point-and-shoot cameras out there.PHOTOGRAPHER'S VIEWPOINT WHILE TAKING PHOTOS:-With many of my point-and-shoot cameras including the Canon SX130IS, when I manually change the exposure (such as trying to lighten a person's face to show in a really bright background) the screen shows the face darker or lighter, and the photos come out lighter or darker accordingly. If I can see the person's face on the screen, I can see the person's face in the photo. With the T3i, the screen doesn't reflect this. I may be able to see the person's face on the screen, but the photo actually comes out too dark or too light depending on how I manually "guessed" at the exposure. It amazes me how a DSLR is inferior to multiple cheapy point-and-shoot cameras. Sure, I can take multiple photos to see which is best (but only in a perfect world will all things stand still for me).VIDEO QUALITY:T3I is my only camera ever with absolutely worthless videos. All my point-and-shoots work fine in video. When subjects move closer or farther from the camera, everything is out of focus except for when the subject coincidentally is in that specific focal point. I have played around with the settings. The best I can do is use the shutter button to reset to a new focal point when the subject moves. Even then, the camera takes a while to lock in to the new focal point, by which time the subject has then moved once more. Perhaps videos might work properly if all subjects stay at infinity focal point eventhough they move? The manual confirms camera is not capable of keeping subject in focus if subject moves.
camera|Camera is awesome with lots of features and the lens that it came with rocks. It comes with software to edit and convert pictures to jpg or other formats. This is a professional camera that allows for many adjustments to pictures prior to converting to jpg or other formats. Software in the included cd must be installed first prior to opening pictures as your computer will not recognize their format.
camera|This camera is useful already and took several pictures. I just caught the right light when it flash. Worth to buy!
camera|Great item and reasonable price. Great csr service too. I have purchased this camera for my nephew who is crazy about photograph and video, and this camera suit for both of his needs. Thanks,
camera|This is a great DSLR camera, but I must admit that I erroneously bought it for achieving a cinematic look to video. I read and heard so much about the wonders of shooting DSLR video that I gave it a try. After using it several times, I realized that the work flow is so challenging and time consuming compared to true video cameras that I sold it and went back to my video camera roots. I picked up a canon XA10 to pair with my HF G10 and I've been totally happy. This is a great camera for still photography, but for video the limitations on clip length, sound, ergonomics, and rolling shutter jello just don't cut it for me.
camera|I was very nervous about buying something as sensitive as a camera online but I'm so pleased! Everything was absolutely fine. It's SUCH a great camera...now to build my lens collection =)
camera|I have had this camera for about a month ,am very happy. Great when on automatic setting. Still working on different settings since I am new at Photography. Very good experience taking photos working with all the settings and my next step is to attend classes that will teach me to work with F-stop,speed,aperture setting, etc. I would advise this camera for a starter since the price is also very reasonable for this great product. You can't go wrong with Canon products. I bought the camera through Amazon and again can't go wrong with the wonderful service.
camera|I have been determined to get this camera for about two years now and would look at it every time I went to Best Buy. My dad told me it would be best to get it from Amazon and not Ebay even though I found it cheaper there, and not get it from Best Buy because of the no tax and free shipping with Amazon. To my advantage, the extra penny's gave me piece of mind and worked in my favor. It shipped to me quick and was nicely packaged. Also, if anything went wrong I paid through pay pal and Amazon would refund me my money regardless. I absolutely LOVE this camera, it not only takes AMAZING pictures but it is relatively easy to use. I am an aspiring fashion designer and photographer and I believe for this being my first personal camera its a perfect start.
camera|I bought this camera when there was a promotion. My husband and I love this camera at the first sight. The quality of the photos are great, especially the color. The convertible screen is very useful for saving the battery and avoiding dirty touch.
camera|This is my first good digital camera. I grew tired of the point-and-shoots poor to mediocre image quality. This camera is absolutely amazing. I couldn't be more pleased. And as I learn more about it, i.e. reading the manual, the better the camera gets. While I don't aspire to become a professional photographer, this camera is going to turn me into a decent photographer. I really doubt that I needed a more expensive camera. At this price point this camera is going to keep me happy for a long time.My only complaint is the user manual. It was translated into English...there are some curious and confusing sentences from time to time. The index is not complete. The overall layout of the manual could be better. But it's passable.
camera|This camera has all the features for pro photography, plus it has really great video features And it is easy to use!
camera|Definitely worth buying at the price of deal! The Screen of T3i is more considerate than T2i, easy to use and looks fantastic~
camera|I love this camera. Its light weight and allows me to take awesome pictures. its easy to use and has loads of great features.
camera|I got this camera for my birthday and it is amazing. The picture quality is great and it is pretty easy to use. There is an automatic setting incase you do not want to mess with the customized settings. 18mp images look great on the camera and blown up on a computer or poster. Highly recommend. Battery life was surprisingly good.
camera|This is an awesome camera for beginners. I have had some awesome shots from this camera and everything falls in right place.The manual controls for the video just adds to the quality of camera and the flip screen is also great value add compared to T2i!!Recommended!
camera|This is my first DSLR camera and so far I am Loving it. The learning curve seems steep but I have tinkered with some point and shoot cameras and have watched tons of video on photography so alot of the features of my Canon T3i seems familiar. The image quality on this thing is just mind blowing, I feel as though I am able to reproduce those photos I see from professionals, remember I said 'I feel', not necessarily I can at this point (lol). This is going to be one wild ride for me over the next few months; stay tuned.
camera|This camera performs absolutely amazingly! I've owned a few other cameras made by Canon, but this is by far my favorite camera I have ever owned. The quality and clarity of the pictures are amazing. On top of that, every video I have ever taken is very clear and picks up the sound wonderfully. I bought the camera right before my niece's wedding, hoping to take some quality shots for her. She was extremely happy with how they turned out. It is also very easy to use. If you are looking for a new camera I would strongly recommend the Canon Eos Rebel T3i.
camera|I LOVE THIS CAMERA. BEING ABLE TO VISULIZE MY PICTURES WITH OUT USING THE VIEW FINDER IS GREAT I WEAR BIFOCAL GLASSES AND USING THE VIEWFINDER HAS ALWAYS BEEN A CHALLENGE. ALSO BEING ABLE TO USE IT AT ANGLES WHERE YOU CANT GET TO THE VIEWFINDER IS VERY HELPFUL
camera|For the longest time I went back and forth between the t3i and nikon 5100. I chose canon because my friend has the t1i and I was already used to the menu setting and button layout.I love the swivel screen! I own an etsy shop, so it's going to be easier from now on to take pictures of myself with my items!Picture is soo clear! The only thing that I don't like is that when you enter the live mode, you can't see the focus points like how I'm used to with the T1i.I bought this when they had the promotion of the all the rebates with the extra lens, filter and printer.I got all that with taxes for under 900 bucks!Can't beat a deal like that!
camera|This DSLR excels in every way. Still pictures, videos, low light, special effects all superb. Make sure you have a Class 10 memory card for great video.
camera|Overall, I'm really pleased with my new Canon T3i DSLR camera. This is a replacement to my T2i. Love the camera and the updated on-screen user interface. No complaints about it.
camera|I am a film student, and I love shooting with this camera. The true 1080p picture quality with full manual controls are exactly what I needed at exactly the right price. The kit lens works fine for most wide and mid range shots, but not so good for close ups, unless you want to be 6 inches away from your subject....Overall, great camera. I would recommend this camera to anyone who asked me.
camera|I got this with the bundled promo at Amazon which basically gives the 55-250mm lens and the Canon Pixma Pro for free (after you consider the rebates). Debated between this and the Nikon D3100, but at this price it can't be beat.Basically the same as the T2i so it is not worth it if you plan on upgrading from T2i. But for someone first buying a Canon DSLR, it is almost like buying the more expensive Canon 60D.
camera|I bought this camera bundled with a 55-250mm IS lens as an upgrade to my rebel xti. I noticed that the ISO as a major enhancement when compared to my rebel xti. Overall a great camera.
camera|I have been an Olympus shooter up until now. I'm starting photography school in just a few weeks and had to have a camera with video (oly e30 did not).After reading review after review, I decided to go with this wonderful camera. I'm so glad I did! I never thought I could get the colors out of another camera like I could my Olympus, but the image quality is excellent. I'm a female and the camera fits my hands perfectly. Another rave is that the controls are so easy to find and adjust, BIG plus for me. It was basically down to three cameras for me, the 7d, nikon 7000 , and the T3i. After taking many test shots in the store and getting a feel for the camera, this one won me over.The only complaint I have is that I wish it had a faster burst rate. I know the 60d is faster but after reading all the issues with that camera, it was off my list. Other than that, I have no other complaints.Buy it and enjoy it!Happy Shooting!
camera|Light camera, easy to use, excellent image and video. A perfect camera for beginners and for whom bought a first LSR camera.
camera|This is my first DSLR Camera and I did a lot of researching before purchasing it. I wanted to camera mainly for filming purposes. The camera did not disappoint. Filming was easy to use and came out beautifully. Now what surprised me is how much I ended up using the photo side of the camera. The pictures are almost unreal. I would highly recommend this camera to those looking to both take pictures and film.
camera|I'm sure you bought this DSLR for the video capture feature, and that's fine. However, at best this camera is a B-Camera. It will not replace your camcorder due to the fact that it does not auto focus while recording. In the manual, it does show you that you can AF while recording, but you constantly have to press the shutter button halfway. One of the bad side effects is that refocusing is slow. The AF speed isn't as lightning fast as if you're in Photo mode. By the way, the AF is snappy quick when you're doing still shots. So while you video record and press the shutter button to refocus, the camera CAN take 1-2 seconds until focus confirmation is achieved (HD video focus set to "AF-Quick" for those wondering about my settings). This has been my experience with my Canon 17-40mm f4 L lens. Another bad side effect (and the manual mentions it) is that if you are video recording and you press the shutter button to refocus, your video's Exposure changes. Let's say it took 1.5 second to refocus, your recorded video will have sudden dark and bright scenes in that 1.5 second. IT IS NOTICEABLE and VERY DISTRACTING. I need to do more test to see if I can eliminate that. The manual does not recommend this style of refocusing and to just do a manual refocus by hand using the lens's focus ring.Another thing I hate about this camera when video recording is that it will NOT let you select a slower shutter speed below 1/30 sec. I own a Panasonic AG-HMC40 3CCD camcorder, and I can adjust the shutter/Aperture independently. I can shoot at 1/12 sec at 24p. But with this camera, I can't go lower than 1/30 sec if I shoot at either 30P or 24P. At 60P, you can't go lower that 1/60 sec. This was something I was not aware of prior to purchasing this camera. Others will say, why would you want to shoot at a low shutter speed? Well you can do strobe effects, or more importantly, the lower the shutter speed, the more light you can get. Sometimes I use 1/12 sec for static night shots.EDIT -- I just realized that I can get better video footage under dark lighting when the "Movie Exposure" is set to AUTO. I've had it set to Manual. This is counter-intuitive to what I've been used to for my camcorder.Another thing I hate about this camera is the 12 minute time limit of HD recording!!! From my test, the camera will STOP recording after 12mins. I am recording with a 16GB SDHC card. The user manual mentions it and is not a defect (but a handicap, IMO). So if you set this camera on a tripod and start recording, you have to hit the record button every 12 minutes to continue. This means that your video will not be smooth. You'll have segments of video clips that don't seam together smoothly.It's 12min per 4GB on 24P, 30P and 60P. By the way, I haven't had any overheating issues while recording. But the camera does become WARM. I was doing these test on a 68 degrees ambient room temp. I'm not sure about summer time recording. The user manual does mention about overheating.I'm really trying to love this camera, but I think I've been spoiled by my camcorder.But if you've read this far in this review, here's what I like about it:CONVENIENCE! It's great to have a DSLR that can shoot excellent still shots and do HD video.SIZE! I've been to places where I absolutely can't bring both a DSLR (with 3 L-series lenses) and a camcorder at the same time... too much baggage and weight. This consolidates everything in a nice small package. It's small enough to not attract too much attention. It's not as big as my camcorder, hence I can finally use a small camera bag.VARIO-SCREEN. This is a camcorder trait that's finally on a DSLR. I LOVE IT! I can finally take some low or high position shots with ease.IMAGE QUALITY: I own a Canon Rebel XT and the Canon 5D classic (not MK2). This camera produces some really nice image, especially if you use some high quality lens.PRICE: I was thinking of getting the 60D, but price became a leading factor. I paid $659 new, body only.Final thoughts: I will most likely keep the camera because I already own some nice Canon lenses, but for those still debating about getting the Canon T3i or even the Nikon equivalent, I would recommend you look at the Sony A65.Why didn't I get the Sony A65? I'm in too deep with Canon. I've already bought some great lenses for the Canon Mount. If you read this review and genuinely considered this camera, I suggest you get the SONY A65. It has all the dislikes that I have about this camera fixed on their camera and more. But if you already have some canon lenses, hold off until next year. Canon MAY come out with a new DSLR body that can fix all of these issues.Recommendation: If you decide to get this camera, then get a battery pack grip attachment with extra batteries!!! YOU WILL NEED IT. The battery that came with the camera (Genuine Canon) died before I can even fill up my 16GB card. I did straight HD shooting with no rest and the battery indicator turned RED. The screen is constantly on when you video shoot. The optical view finder can't be used while HD recording because of the mirror flipped and locked. This is an absolute essential if you decide to get some accessories.Good luck and shoot!
camera|Great camera, takes very nice pictures and video.I still have a lot to learn because of all the features, but will have fun learning how to use it.
camera|This is more a review of Canons warranty and support than the camera itself.I bought the T3i + kit from Amazon late in August 2011. My T3i camera will occasionally take pictures with compression lines running vertically through the picture. This is about 1 in 10 pictures. It is sort of like looking through wavy privacy glass. I have lost critical wedding photos to this.So far over the course of 3 weeks trying to get a repair from the manufacturer Canon has blamed my laptop card reader, my workstation usb port, Windows 7 picture importer, Picasa picture importer, Lightroom picture importer, my class 10 SD card, my new class 10 SD card, My very newest professional 35mb/s SD card, and low batteries. I have been run through multiple camera resets and I have actually been hung up on. I have always been calm and professional when talking to support on the phone.Finally after multiple calls to Canon support they agreed to check the camera. Now I have to ship it to Canons repair center paying for shipping and they will be keeping my camera for 10 business days for in house repair plus shipping times both ways. There is no guarantee of fixing the problem or of swapping out my camera. They actually stated on the phone that the 10 days could be longer as it is a busy time for them. I am waiting to send it to them after years end as I do not want to be without a camera during Christmas two of my children's birthdays and New Year's. 1 in 10 bad photos is better than zero photos. Canon will not advance replace cameras.I think if I had received a fully working camera this would be a 5 star review. Instead I have to work with very poor customer support for a fairly expensive purchase. I deal with Dell, HP, Microsoft and Cisco customer support at my work every day and Canon has by far the worst support or warranty I have had to deal with in recent memory.Hopefully your purchase will not need the support or warranty and you can simply enjoy a good product. Personally, I will be looking to other companies when it is time to get a new camera.
camera|After many months of going back and fourth between the Canon EOS Rebel T3i 18 MP CMOS Digital SLR Camera and DIGIC 4 Imaging with EF-S 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 IS Lens and the Nikon D5100 16.2MP CMOS Digital SLR Camera with 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 AF-S DX VR Nikkor Zoom Lens it really came down to price. The Canon was over a $125 cheaper than the Nikon at the time of buying. I like the fact that the Canon offered 1080p HD video. Had great reviews from other sites and at least 3 of my friends recommended the Canon.At this point I highly recommend the Canon EOS Rebel T3i 18 MP CMOS Digital SLR Camera and DIGIC 4 Imaging with EF-S 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 IS Lens.
camera|Fast shooting, quality images. Would be better if it could be a little cheaper if you consider prices of other competitors.
camera|Got this with the lens rebate deal to replace my T2i: Canon EOS Rebel T2i 18 MP CMOS APS-C Digital SLR Camera with 3.0-Inch LCD and EF-S 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 IS Lens. It has the same sensor as the T2i but with an lcd that's more useful for taking video. Photos are about the same so if you already have the T2i it's not going to be an upgrade unless you use the video features (zoom) or need the articulating LCD. I haven't used the wireless flash feature so I can't comment on that. I received a MkII version of the kit lens which is almost identical to the MkI version (except for some cosmetic changes).The price of this kit has fluctuated quite a bit in the last month (~$60 range) so keep an eye on it.
camera|Just got the camera. Started to explore all options and the 3" viewfinder that flips out is very cool. For the price and long term investment, this is one of the cameras that should be in your top three.
camera|Love the tilting screen. One of the problems with digital cameras is that you cannot see the picture in bright sun. Problem solved with tilt screen and with view finder. My lens from my Canon Rebel 35mm camera work well on this camera. Wish I had bought camera without lens because I never use the one that came with camera. It is good for taking pictures inside since it has image stabilization but you need longer lens for outdoor shots across the baseball field. It you do not already have lens you will enjoy having the one that comes with camera. Very, happy with camera. It has more features than I will ever learn to use.
camera|I had a Nikon which I bought from Bestbuy after reading all the reviews I returned it and bought this Canon instead. That was the best choice I made because this thing is much better then the Nikon in every way. Love it
camera|The equipament has a problem. Is in Canon to fix &#34;Err 06&#34;.Two weeks of use and the problem ocurred.
camera|This product is great, it is cheap too! great reviews, great product, i have nothing much to say about it
camera|Cumpli&oacute; completamente mi expectativa de compra, llego en la fecha sin problemas de embalaje a mi casilla en Miami y desde ah&iacute; a mi direcci&oacute;n en Santiago de Chile, Am&eacute;rica del Sur
camera|This is a great camera. I am not a professional but the picture I shoot with the T3i came out amazing. Can say enough about this amazing camera.
camera|The product has a great quality! I really recommend a Class 10 SD card to be able to record video! I use the camera for plane-spotting, so I use it with the 75-300mm lens. I think it was a great decision to buy it! Here you can see some of the pictures: [...]
camera|excellent product, I really liked'm very pleased with the purchase. . . . . . . . . . .
camera|This was my very first DSLR. I've been interested in photography for some time and finally decided to put down my mega zoom camera and pick up a real camera. I received this camera for Christmas(2012) So currently I've been using it for a good two months. Just comparing this camera to other DSLR's this camera feels very plasticky, and the exterior body will scratch fairly easily, its a tad heavy for how cheap it feels but that could be a good/ bad thing depending on the use.The kit lens (18-55 mm) does a decent job obtaining high resolution images paired with the 18 megapixel sensor. The swivel screen really isn't a big deal to me and seems more like a gimmick than something people will actually get use out of, since I do not use live view mode very often to frame my shots. Autofocus is horrendous, just warning any first timers out there who are like me and had no clue at the beginning. Using the autofocus in live view mode could possibly be one of the most frustrating things I've ever experienced in my life. This is a good camera for still frame/portraits,and not so much action shots just due to the fact the autofocus sucks.The battery life fairs pretty well for what I use it for(trips to the zoo, the occasional landscape shot, and everyday use) and I find myself charging it once every week or so. That being said people who are far more serious than I about their photography will probably need some sort of 3rd party equipment to help extend the battery life during hardcore continuous use.Though with the few gripes I do have about this camera it really has helped me grow and learn as a beginning photographer. The menus are very easy to navigate and I love creative mode because it helps the beginner to get out of auto mode without losing the extra help auto provides. Canon probably has the widest range of lenses available compared to any other brand. Although I have recently gotten my hands on a NIKON D3200 and I have to say I wish I would have started with that and might possibly be ditching my Canon Rebel t3i soon for it. I can't get over how smooth the autofocus on the D3200 is. I mean if both cameras were like food the D3200 would be like butter, smooth and creamy. The t3i would be like vegetable oil greasy but works for everyday use.
camera|One of the best cameras I've owned. Takes fabulous photos whether in standard or zoom. I only purchased the camera body as I already had a lens from another. I highly recommend it and also purchase from 6th Ave. Express. Thanks for a great buy.
camera|This camera could not be better. We use it ALL the time, and the photo quality is just unbelievable. Definitely, definitely recommend!
camera|T3i is the AE1 of DSLRs. Can I fir any more acronyms in here? Sorry. But this is a classic camera, hitting the perfect sweet spot of affordability and features.
camera|Good but I had to buy better LenaceThe camera is perfect but I had ot invest more in the lanceI will buy now a good one :-)
camera|The camera is fine but in case there is a rebate, Canon tries everything to not honore that. So it is better to avoid any rebate issues with canon..Sucks
camera|I cannot give an ultimate review at the moment, because I haven't taken a complete test run. But I know from looking at the menu and specs I really like my Pentax K-X. The software with this camera is bland and not as advanced. It only offers a few filter options, including Toy Camera, Fisheye (which a lens is better anyway), Black and white. I have read reviews and have heard that Canon's have more "noise" in the pictures, so hopefully I do not notice this. I know sometimes my Pentax can cast a slight grey tint to it, I'm hoping with a Canon I do not have this conflict. I purchased this camera to escape my comfortzone from my Pentax addiction, but I'm pretty sure in most cases I will use my Pentax. Once I take a test run, I will further update, and I'm only judging by the software that is on the camera I am not impressed. The camera is lightweight, the lens isn't that wonderful (but then again, I have always had Pentax lenses, so I'm trying to be open about the change). I have purchased an adapter but still am debating on the first lens to buy for this camera. The functions as in processing of the a picture is amazingly fast, I am impressed by that. I am excited about the 18 MP! I'll follow up once I get a session in and maybe post some pictures. This is my first Canon SLR I have ever used, so bare with me.Update:I hate it. I am returning it, the lens broke too cheaply constructed for me. Sorry Canon you lose.
camera|T3i seems to be much more advertise I am impress of all its capabilities same as 60d but one thing that discourage me on this camera is that the manual controls is totally for consumer type and its really a lousy camera if your going for professional. I know a lot of you is gonna say like this "I'm not a pro anyway..." yeah right trust me I own 500d coz I thought like that.. when I check out the controls on 550d and 600d are all the same.. the 60d is much more better for photography and videography because of its manual controls same like 7d and almost 5d mark 2 it may be expensive but its worth the price and I'm using for my production.well it's your choice at least you heard my opinion. oH before I forget the zooming feature while on video on 600d.. doesnt really impress coz I prefer lens zoom because it makes thoseCanon EOS 60D 18 MP CMOS Digital SLR Camera with 3.0-Inch LCD and 18-135mm f/3.5-5.6 IS UD Standard Zoom Lens pixels intact.
camera|This camera Could not be focused. All pictures that i took were out of focus. I tried for a month. I do not know if it is the camera or the lens. I returned the camera, even though the thirty days had passed by two days when I last tried it on Siunday with poor results.
camera|The camera is great and works like a champ, but I wish there were actual training videos that comes with it. This T3i is great for me, it is kind of complicated at first but after you get the hang of navigating the menus, it delivers the photos you want with brilliance and precision. However, When I made this purchase. I could of sworn this item said it was going to be coming with a camera backpack and an 8 GB memory card. Neither of these things were in the box.
camera|If you only use the view finder to shoot and forgot to insert memory card, it does not warn you, and allow you to shoot hundreds of blank pictures...
camera|I have a T2i and really needed a flip screen for some odd shots, and well its just like my T2i that I really love so its a great addition to my camera family!
camera|All good!Camera and EF 85mm f/1.8 lens are awesome..am worried only abt the price.. that came down at another site by abt 90$'s in a weeks time.. maybe because of talks of a T4i!!lower price at Adorama with coupon code S1234567 @ USD 539[...]
camera|It takes good pictures. No prior experience needed to operate thiscamera. I like all the features that this camera has. I wish they included betterlenses with this camera
camera|5-star, diamond rating! I am in love with my baby! I LOVE it to death! You must buy this camera! LOL
camera|I opted to purchase this camera new on Amazon instead of a direct retailer, and even though the price continued to fluctuate higher and higher, I still was thrilled with the price, quick delivery, and mint condition of this brand new camera. I love purchasing from Amazon and am dismayed I didn't get turned onto this method of shopping earlier in life. Thanks Amazon!
camera|Nice enough Rebel, but the lack of noise has not lived up to the hype... very disappointed... my 1Ds Mk III beats it hands down...
camera|Liked it very much. Was thinking between NIKON 5100 and this one but after browsing through the reviews, finally got this one. Certainly a good camera for a novice like me with a decent prising
camera|The camera is great, after a sporting event 2 other people that was there purchased a camera as the one I have. Sporting shots are great, 15-20 with one click.
camera|This camera is just what I was looking for. It works beautifully and takes great pics. Wish I had bought it sooner.
camera|This is the best camera for the money. Get the battery grip as an add on. You will love it.
camera|Graet service from a long distance. I hope for the next discounts of this product's accesories.BEst regards nd keep on this way.JR
camera|I spent the last 6 months researching this camera and dreaming about having it. Finally, my dad bought it for me for Christmas. It is everything I hoped it would be.As an aspiring film maker, I was very interested in its 1080p abilities and functionality for adjusting ISO, Aperture, and Frame Rate individually - A feat Nikon hasn't offered.The stock 18-55mm lens is good, but its F3.5 leaves some things to be desired by someone hoping to capture a shallow depth of field. Luckily, the 50mm F/1.8 is only about $100.Overall, I would highly recommend this camera to anyone. Anyone in the world.Took this photo with the kit lens tonight, trying to capture the meteor shower.[...]
camera|got this camera before it said i would! its such an awsome camera! alot of buttons to learn! deff would recommend this to someone!
camera|im having a great time with this digital slr camera. i had spent some time researching cameras before I choose this one.It is working out well for me.
camera|I bought this because the T3 i had before got broke, and you can feel the difference between those two, what i don't like about this camera is that feels cheap in the hand, its made of plastic but it does the job with no trouble at all, the image quality is amazing, there is no need to Photoshop it.If you are planing to buy it take your times, because after i bought it it when about 150USD down and the T4i was at the same price i got this one, 649USD.
camera|The recipient loves it - I don't have any other feedback. decent price, but frustrating to see the price wars going on when I had already bought it and likely paid too much.
camera|I was so very happy to find such a great deal. I had expected some wear to the camera, but when I opened it, it looked as if it was used for 5 minutes and packed up! SO HAPPY!!!!! Thank you!
camera|I decided to go to a new SLR digital. There are so many great things about this camera I will not attempt to go into them. This is a camera you just have to try for yourself.
camera|Switching from my 10 year old Nikon D50, to the Canon was a great step up. Excellent photos, if a little over exposed. The 18-135mm lens is also a great addition and adds a noticeable improvement in depth of field to the photos.No comment yet on durability. Like I said I had the Nikon for 10 years and had no issues, so we'll see how the Canon performs.All in all a great buy.
camera|It is a very easy to use camera and takes wonderful pictures. However, the lens that came with it has a limited range, and to get something for longer distance, it is expensive! also, I think it is too much dummy proof - great for novice to intermediate photographer.
camera|If you're looking for a mid-level camera, this is a great buy. It might be a little too involved for people brand-new to DSLRs, but if you've had one before, this is a good step up
camera|You can't go wrong with a Canon product. They have been making great products for a long time. We have owned multiple Canon products, and even their point and shoots are top notch. The T3i is a new version of their inexpensive line of the dSLR type cameras. Is it going to give you the same results as their >$1000 cameras, no? But it will deliver excellent photos for the photography hobbyist. If you are having trouble picking a digital camera though, I found this 10 question quiz that help narrow down the search. I thought it was pretty helpful. Happy Shopping![...]
camera|The product is good but the promotional deal through Amazon's website doesn't work. Canon rebate center does not accept the invoice from the Amazon website and will not issue rebate. Amazon refuses to give an acceptable invoice. still not resolved months after puchase. What a hassel!
camera|It has the ability to take IMMACULATE pictures both Day and Night.Unfortunately, i bought it to take VIDEO at NIGHT. While it DOES work, it doesnt allow much in the way of ZOOM or APERATURE functions in VIDEO mode.I'm not a professional picture taker... hell, i dont think i've EVER taken a picture in my life, but theis camera is EXCELLENT at turning you into a PRO.It only took me 1 day to learn all of the functions (no thanks to the instruction manual... i used hands-on experience to learn it).While its great at picture taking, i wouldnt say it's worth the $800 BEST BUY Pricetag, let-alone the $706 AMAZON Pricestag (which I paid).$500 would be more in the Ballpark...Unlike my Canon Camcorder, though, this camera does have a WIDE-ANGLE lens, so you can record people right-up close to you, or even super-close-ups, of, say... INSECTS, or what-have-you.But the Lens isnt too good at Far-Away shots. I reccommend purchasing another lens as well, for that kind of shooting.Still a good Camera, just a little over priced.
camera|This camera was purchased mainly for its HD Video capabilities. Having multiple lens options that are affordable in a more compact design makes the DSLR video world very appealing. The T3i is a really nice entry level DSLR, but for video use, there are few problems.The "HDMI Out" when router thru the camera is not really 1920x1080, as described. It's more like 1620x. And when you press record on the camera, the HDMI Out drops its signal even more, to Standard Definition. For us, this is a major issue. If your workflow only requires you to record internally to your SD card, and you're totally content having your original footage saved as an h.264 file, this isn't a problem. In addition, a few Canon DSLRs (and maybe others) have a well-known limited record time, approximately 10 minutes before overheating then shutting down. To reduce compression and loss of color, and to increase our record time, we planned to use the HDMI Out and save our footage to an external recorder in a better format. We were unpleasantly surprised to find that this cannot be done. Limitations such as these should be boldly disclosed in Canons documentation. Again, the T3i is a wonderful little DSLR and prefect for what DSLRs in its class were traditionally designed to do; capture great still photography images.
camera|There is a reason it is #1 sold SLR digital cameras online....It's MAGNIFICENT. I bought it mainly for the video recording, and man, this is a BIG step up over my Samsung F44.
camera|Great Camera! It uses all of the camera lenses and filters that I had for my old 35mm Canon camera. Awesome!
camera|I new to SLR family. I want to buy an good camera to explore my photography views..I got confused to choose with t3i or t2i and i finally i decided to go to t3i because it has good video recording mode compare with t2i.
camera|One of the best in the league. This camera delivers more than the promise. Image quality is superb even in the low light situation. Colors are vibrant as real. An awesome buy for anyone.
camera|This Camera is awesome, i'm making kids bible video's with it, shooting miniature cardboard marionettes and it is all looking awesome! Thanks!
camera|Great Camera. I'm a complete amateur photographer, but this is very easy to use and takes great pictures. Extremely happy.
camera|I am new to dslr's but so far I am loving the camera. Works well and its good for beginners. Amazon shipped it fast too.
camera|Was in between this and the Nikon d3100 which was around the same price at the time. So absolutely glad that I chose this camera, it's absolutely wonderful.
camera|Wow...then stunned silence when i first saw the images from this Camera. I am a first time SLR user and this is a major upgrade from my point and shoot. Even as i learn about the more advance features of this camera, the basic options enable me capture the most precious moments without blotching them. 2nd day of usage and i would be sure to update this review once shortly. Amazon thanks for excellent packaging, Canon for a great product you have a buyer for life.
camera|Both the T2i and T3i have a serious flaw recording video. When the sensor gets hot, the camera randomly stops. It can be a few seconds, or a few minutes, but neither can be relied upon to record video all the way to the end of the 12 minute clip limitation. Stills are not a problem.
camera|I bought this one instead of the cheaper T2i because of the flip-out screen.I had not had a DSLR before, so I didn't realize that when you use the screen to focus, you lose all the fancy auto-focus stuff that is above on the viewfinder.DSLRs are really designed to be used with the viewfinder. That's where all the good stuff is. When you switch to using the screen like you would with a point-and-shoot, the autofocus is much less sophisticated and slower. So, I do not use it much, and hence do not really make use of the fold-out screen.Other than that it is a great camera as everyone else has mentioned.You will want to get a better strap, as the one it comes with will make your neck sore pretty quickly.
camera|I'm enamored with this little guy. I picked one up after doing a volunteer PA gig on a film crew this summer. For a student, or anyone on a budget, the quality on this thing is magnificent. I've put mine through some pretty sketchy situations (like duck taping it to the foot rest of a motor scooter, driving at speed) and it's held up well. The on-board microphone is garbage, though, you can line in external recorder through the 1/8'' input. The interface is deep enough to gain an understanding of the camera while retaining beginner's level simplicity. I've heard a lot of people complain about the kit lens, but you can compensate for it with a little meticulosity and composition skill. You don't need thousands of dollars in glass to take reasonably good shots.
camera|The camera is phenomenal. Rather than buy the somewhat 'bad' kit lens with it, I purchased a used older lens separately, a 28-105 Canon Ultrasonic EF lens. The pictures are very sharp, and using a 16GB class 10 SDHC card, it is more than fast enough for my needs. The camera is capable of correcting for any dust on the lens, but I haven't tried this yet. Overall, the only downside I've seen is my mental association of the Eos Rebel branding with Andr&eacute; Agassi, which is hardly fair to the camera. I'm trying to think of it as a Canon 600D, but not having much luck.
camera|Hi, This would be a good camera for starters in photography. Easy to handle and it gives u a lot of options. The product was good and the packaging was excellent. Thanks to Amazon!!
camera|Wow, what a difference just a few years make! I am your typical mom that loves to keep a camera pointed in my kids direction at all times. I owned a Canon PowerShot camera for years and was satisified with the pictures that I took, but knew that they could be better, sharper...Well several accidental drops of said camera later, and I am the proud new owner of my very first DSLR. Let me just say, I am in LOVE with this camera. I know that there are bigger, better (more expensive!) choices out there, but for me, the T2i was the perfect fit. I researched cameras for well over a month, reading review after review, blog after blog, and ultimately they all pointed in the same direction. Anything more powerful (or with more buttons to figure out) was going to be a waste of money on my part. The T2i will do more than I probably will EVER need and the price point was just right. When my p&s camera first bit it, I had seen the all new Canon EOS 60D & immediatley decided that I HAD TO HAVE IT. I am so glad that I fought off the urge to purchase it before doing some research. The T2i is a great beginner-intermediate camera for someone who have never owned a DSLR. I could'nt be more thrilled with my purchase...my kids however, they really enjoyed that month of research time when MOM was cameraless!
camera|Important differences between Nikon D5100 and Canon T3iD5100 built in wireless flash controller: NOT3i built in wireless flash controller: YESD5100 maximum movie frame rate: 30 fpsT3i maximum movie frame rate: 60 fpsStartup time for D5100: 0.5 secondStartup time for T3i: 0.4 second (if the autoclean function is disabled)Nikon makes battery grip for D5100: NOCanon makes battery grip for T3i: YESD5100 viewfinder: 0.51XT3i viewfinder 0.53XD5100 built in autofocus motor: NOT3i built in autofocus motor: YEST3i LCD has higher resolution than D5100T3i has more adjustment settings than D5100 in movie modeD5100 continuous autofocus ruined some of my movies because it is quite loud and distracting during playbackI returned my D5100 and bought the T3i because of the above differences. Three stars for d5100 and 5 stars for T3i.
camera|hi, , the new Sony NEX-5N is now giving the T3i Canon a powerful contender for less money. Pity there aren't enough lenses for it but that could change soon.The Canon T3i comes with the perfect lens in the market, far better than the D5100 kit lens. The Nikon kit lens is a soft lens.
camera|This Rebel T3i has some great specs for such a great price! Features: 18 MP "larger than normal-CMOS sensor" and "DIGIC 4 Image processor" picture quality ~ Nikon can't touch this currently. A 3" vari-angle Hi-Res LCD viewer - which makes it EZ for front viewing/composing or recording Full-HD video from the front of the camera and/also for overhead viewing while composing picts. HD recording video has zoom capabilities--unheard of before! Shoots 3.7 frames per second in continuous mode; right around half of what the 60D does at half the price! Shoots such great photos, you just need minimal--IF ANY--Ps editing! This kit even comes with a Canon high quality, wide angle 18-55 MM Image Stabilizing lens! Auto-mode analyzes and adjusts for excellent picts with no effort on your part. Of course, there are the usual pict-taking settings (P, Av, Tv, Macro, Portrait, Landscape, etc and Manual). You can't go picture-wrong with the goods packed in this kit!!
camera|This is the third Canon digital camera I've owned. There's a reason I keep buying them. They do what I need. This time I wanted high resolution and really high zoom capability. This has it. I can't believe how much better my pictures look with this camera than my last Powershot.
camera|This is my first SLR cam, I was planning to buy the T2i after so many researches, but when I saw that t3i was released, I went for it, and I know I have done the right choise. The moving LCD screen is so useful, and the Auro mode is very smart that can be close to manual settings. I recommend it for new Photographer as its very easy to deal with.
camera|This is a great camera - no question. I was, however, appalled to find that when the autofocus became faulty after only 6 months the company expected me to ship it insured at my expense for repair - having spent $799 on Canon products in this bundle, I thought this was a pretty low way to treat a customer who had lost many pictures as a result of this error on a piece of equipment only 6 months old.
camera|this is a great camera. have not had it long but love everything about it so far. even my wife loves the fact i got it.
camera|La resolucion muy buena, lo mejor a diferencia de las otras rebel ( exluyendo la t4i) es la pantalla flexible a parte de todos los features que tiene
camera|I am so disappointed in the Canon decision not to support the older Powermacs with the newer software. The T3i bundled software on the DVD will NOT run on an older Powermac, such as the G5's, which a LOT of us still use. Now, to use the T3i, an Intel powered Mac is required. What are they thinking?The software from the older Canon XTi for example, runs fine on a Powermac so you can use the "Live View" function while shooting live in a light-box. Before you point out that there is a "Live View" button on the T3i, let me just say there is no comparison looking at an image on a 24" inch screen.So the fix is to go with an inexpensive Window PC with XP Pro instead of investing in any more Macs and use the PC as a stand-alone station with the light-box. The cost comparison is astounding.Jesse
camera|Hi,Does anyone know why my pictures are all of a sudden coming out distorted? This is the Rebel T3i. I haven't dropped my camera, or spilled anything on it. I can't understand why all of a sudden my images are coming out like this. I am using a Transcend 32GB memory chip if that has anything to do with it. I have nothing else to test this theory though. Does anyone know off hand what it could be? Sorry for the slideshow too. I just wanted to get these pix up and see if anyone else was having similar problems. Transcend 32 GB Class SDHC 10 Flash Memory Card TS32GSDHC10E Well since Amazon doesn't leave me a choice to upload images. Here is the link to view the distorted pix... please help! I am not familiar with SLR and have never had this problem with all my digital cameras.[...]
camera|This is my first DSLR and just love this camera(still learning how to use it).I ended chosing canon over nikon because I prefer canon on screen menu, it's quicker to acces all the parameters I want to change.the feel is nice I like the grip texture, weight is about right.I'm glad I got this model insted of the T2i because it's nice to have the swivel screen and even I don't have it yet I can allready see that I could benefit from a wireless flash.Note: you must get a tripod(still don't have one but I desperatly need one) or at least a low light lense like the 50mm f1.8(have one) to be able to take pictures at night(or in dark places) wiouth using the flash and with a low ISO setting.
camera|This was an upgrade for my wife from her Rebel XTi, which she's used for over 30,000 photos in about 3 years. it's slightly bigger than the XTi and the size of the rear screen means buttons have been moved around so it took a little getting used to, but the image quality is very good.the new LCD on the back is great and the resolution helps you determine whether your shot is focused. the focusing is great when shooting stills, but it's painfully slow when doing video so you'd be better off with a canon lens that does Full Time Manual focus.one downside is the disappearance of the sensor that used to sit below the viewfinder and turned the screen off when the camera was put to your eye. now you have to turn it off with a half-press of the shutter. i do not like this change.
camera|its is great quality. images look almost real. im still struggling taking pix with it at night, because its too smart to catch any pic but im working on it
camera|This is a great "entry level" DSLR for those DSLR newbies or amateurs.GOOD: high definition CMOS; high ISO (100-6400);good picture quality; crystal sharp lcd screen for picture review and the lcd screen also is turn-able for framing whenever you need it; support full HD video; very easy to operate.Bad: no complain so far. Of course you shouldn't compare it with those higher level Canon's DSLR such as 60D, 7D, 5D Mark II...Conclusion: Good value for its price.
camera|I absolutely love my T3i, especially with the new swivel lcd. I saved quite a bit of money buying it off Amazon. Having it come with the kit lens is also very nice. The lens itself is just a 18-55 mm and it's not the ideal lense to use in low-lighting, but it still takes great photos and the footage is still beautiful.
camera|This Camera is amazing and takes wonderful pictures. The best that I have owned so far. Cannot see any drawbacks. Perfect for an Entry Level DSLR as well as one with intermediate level.
camera|This camera fits the bill for a tweener photographer like myself...not a beginner but not an expert. Very good functionality and ease of operation. Great for kids sports shots, vacations and general pics. Not heavy in weight so carrying this around is not a chore.
camera|Before buying the t3i, consider the t2i. Research the reviews/differences. They are small but quite significant to some people. If a t2i can be found for considerably less than the t3i ( $150 or more) I would seriously consider it.The t3i is quite capable video wise, however it has no autofocus in video mode. This is hit or miss for some people who don't like the autofocus constantly adjusting during recording yet it is difficult to zoom and focus at the same time.The t3i is absolutely a beginner higher level camera (I'm a beginner). So its relatively easy to learn on yet takes awesome high quality HD photo and video.You'll need a high class SD card (I bought a 32 GB Transcend and am so far quite happy with it).Overall I am quite happy with the camera and certainly not trying to turn any one off about buying it, only inform others of things I came to learn AFTER buying mine.You should definitely research the t2i as well as the Nikon competitor of this camera before settling on this model.
camera|It is super light, like really really light, but it produce fantastic and professional images if you play it right.I love it, worth the money!
camera|This camera is very good buty it does take a little time to get retrained. After being used to point and shoot cameras this one opens up another world. Thus far I have been satisfied with the photos and every day I am learning a little more how to get the most out of the equipment
camera|Camera was in good shape that was what ! expect, very please with it.Sergio. I trust I trust Amazon.com but some times is a flat tire
camera|Apesar de estar iniciando no mundo da fotografia, consigo fazer fotos excelentes com esta m&aacute;quina. F&aacute;cil de usar, corpo resistente, gravao de v&iacute;deo impressionante! Vale cada centavo!
camera|Its one of the best camera for professionals.I'm waiting for the order to arrive, pretty existed and happy that finally i could afford to get the best camera in the market.
camera|I have used Canon cameras since the original Canon 35mm Rebel and its' successsors. I started digital with the original Canon Eos Digital, and upgraded with the Rebel T3i. 18MP is nothing to sneeze at this camera will give you professional level images IF you take the time to learn how to use it. I know. for most it just turning the knob to the green zone and shooting away, get a point and shoot for that and save a lot of bucks.
camera|Esta maquina es genial! La pantalla flexible hace todo.Esta barbara para armar videos profesionales, o clips para musicales.Casi una 60D.
camera|Just got off Canon's website. The camera is fine but my lens had some problems with reaching an f-stop of 3.5, it would go no lower than 4.5. This made it a little difficult to shoot in low lit environments. Canon doesn't seem to honor their warranty. I went on their website and everything was fine. They gave me an RMA slip to ship with the lens. I shipped my lens to the factory and received a fix it ticket for about as much as the lens itself. I paid for my shipping expecting some help from Canon with a price tag of $0(RMA price), only to get a response that it will cost me $100. I can buy a new lens for $50 more. Why buy Canon lenses when they do not support their product.The camera works fine, I am pretty happy for the price, especially for video. But I would avoid their products from now on. What if it was my camera that had problems, that may have cost me a 7D.
camera|Bought this model for my wife for Christmas. Out of the box had problems with keeping battery charged. Also, could not access the menu or get any displays on the screen. Called Canon support, by the way was very good, after a few words the support person said it had a problem. The way the support person knew of this problem, sounded to me this was a common failure. Was recommended to send it back. Now I have questions as to whether to purchase a Canon if the quality assurance at Canon is performing their jobs.
camera|Does this camera come with a battery? I'm seeing it says Lithium ion battery required. I NEED THIS CAMERA IN MY LIFE!!! I've been looking and saving up for this since it first came out... I just got to have it and its gonna be my Christmas gift to me in Jesus name! :) yippie!!!
camera|I'm using this camera for DSLR film making. I own both the D60 and D600 and this camera wins.-The D60 is far heavier, but the construction is exactly the same (same plastic/rubber). There's no justification for the added weight. Seriously canon, why is it so heavy? It's the same sensor and software.-The larger LCD is useless since you'll be mounting an LCD viewfinder on top anyway.-$300 price is totally not justified. Save the money for lenses or other gear.-The camera can shoot at 5.7fps (vs 3.1 on the D600), only useful for still photographers. Also, it can shoot at 1/8000 vs 1/4000, again, useless for film.I think most people who buy this camera are doing so purely because they believe it looks and feels more professional, they don't really understand it's the same hardware. My advice is either step up to a full frame body, or buy the T3I. The D60 is an odd one in the lineup, not sure what canon was thinking. They're charging 40% more for added weight.When someone talks about shooting film with a D60, I don't think "professional". I think "you don't really understand your camera."
camera|I just received my camera today and I bought it take videos because on YouTube it look like great quality but my quality was terrible. I know that the videos on YouTube have been color corrected but my videos are coming out very pixely. I also own the xsi and the quality of photo on that camera is much better.
camera|Unbelievable features in here to support the needs of the more experienced photographers while still having the features to bring up a beginner (like my middle school daughter). Video features area great. Kit lens is good. Really enjoying this camera.
camera|They applied cripple-by-annoyance to motivate upsales.What I mean by that is they intentionally decided to look for ways to make people want their more expensive cameras, since the sensor technology has gotten so good that this is just as good as the 7D optically (there are some metering differences etc. but really...those aren't hard to overcome). And one way they found to do just that is by making the camera make far more noise than it needs to when doing continuous shooting.There is a mirror lockup feature, and there is a live view mode which locks up the mirror, and there is a continuous shooting mode which better photographers will use especially in this day of essentially unlimited exposure memory. The mirror lockup is intended to minimize vibration by keeping the mirror in place when the shutter releases, but it will also keep things quiet during continuous shooting, where you are machine-gunning off tons of shots in rapid sequence.Sadly, this otherwise nearly perfect camera decides to flip the mirror up and down every single shot of a continuous sequence, and despite all those settings available, none of them are allowed to work. That makes this product embarrassing to use in a quiet space! What company wants to embarrass people for using their product?!?This is why people have created 3rd party firmware for these cameras called Magic Lantern. It's buggy and I don't know if it fixes this particular cripple but they might put it in if people ask. I have not loaded it into my camera but this sort of thing really tempts me.Otherwise this camera is totally awesome for the money. I would also like to be able to zoom in on the image preview (the view of your image that comes up right after you take the picture) which oddly was available on some of Canon's point-and-shoots from years ago. That would let me see quickly if I got sharpness. For video, I would like to be able to completely clear the screen of distractions...there is a white rectangle showing where zooming will happen that I can't seem to get rid of. I would also like to have the histogram available while I'm filming video, and an edge finder feature for focus (see some high-end Marshall LCD monitors).The Digital Zoom 3x-10x is bolted on, requiring a vulcan neck pinch to get going...I sense they weren't sure of this feature, there were bitter arguments about it, not least of which because it's explosive to their product line. Not only is it their only DSLR that offers it right now, I have done the tests and discovered that the 3x digital zoom avoids Canon's achilles heel of DSLR video: It no longer does line skipping when at 3x! This means that the aliasing and moire that dogs all Canon DSLR video at this time (they need to implement a simple anti-aliaser for video capture...c'mon guys) is solved on the T3I/600D as long as you are zoomed 3x. The reason is obvious, it's just using the center pixel sensors rather than the entire 18MP sensor...so it's only working with ~2MP natively and doesn't have to drop anything. This image is great, but when you multiply 3x time 1.6x crop sensor you need a very wide angle lens to work this way without line skipping.I am sure they are withholding anti-aliasing for two reasons: 1) they want to make it exclusive to their high-end cameras first, and those have a longer product cycle, and 2) there must be bitter acrimony within the company about the DSLR division eating the video division's lunch. Nikon et al. will eat Canon's lunch if Canon doesn't eat its own as lunch...that's why we have this great camera, and that's why Canon is going to have to serve us all with uncrippled products soon enough. Just bite the bullet and let the high end products sell themselves on their own intrinsic merit Canon!
camera|A long time ago I used Canon's AE1's (35mm) for semi-pro photography. A while back I decided I missed taking pictures. Sure my phone as an 8mp camera but it really isn't a camera. Point and shoots are great for snapshots but you can't take real photos with them. I took a chance with the T3i after reading reviews and doing some research. I wanted to stick with Canon as they always treated my right in the past. I was blown away from the FIRST picture (of the parking lot at Best Buy). If you are on the fence buy this camera now. It went well beyond my expectations. Big pros for me are: It's lightweight, it's fast and the auto focus is almost perfect everytime. The cons are: none. Buy a large SD card you will need it...
camera|**ALERT** - I just received my camera today and it is NOT MADE IN JAPAN. Rather I have some flimsy looking camera made in TAIWAN. Can any of the other buyers please confirm their camera body make ??? Thanks !(( I will post a review on the working of the camera, the photo quality etc. once I get out of shock for receiving a non-Japan camera, so 3-stars for now ))How come all of these people have a MADE IN JAPAN Canon T3i ???Look at the T3i's bottom picture to see those magical words "Made In Japan" - Is it possible that Amazon had the Taiwan ones in stock and that is why they are having this clearance deal ?[...][...][...][...][...][...]
camera|I got this camera after reading reviews here on amazon and also doing my research on dpreview.Was torn between the Nikon 5100 and the Canon T3i.Certainly a learning curve, if you havent used a canon before. All the users controls are not intuitive. Certainly needed the user guide and a book to familiarize with the usability.Picture quality with the 18-55 mm lens are not bad. White balance is a little off.I would say overall I like it
camera|The price was great!!! Way cheaper than anywhere else. It came packaged up like new! I recommend you buy your product from here. Awesome all the way.
camera|I have always liked Canon. This camera is fantastic. I would write too much on here so instead of writing a book on how wonderful it is, check out this music video:[...]
camera|Good product that fit my son's needs for making films and videos both action and drama. Great price for what I received.
camera|esta camra cumplio con mi expectativas...la he comprado para grabar video mayormente y fotografia eventualmente, graba es full HD y graba en diferentes FPS, la inversion despues de tener la camara seria en lente que es lo que permitira la buna calidad de video, saludos y suerte...
camera|One of my best purchases this year. I am very happy with this product, It could have a few more features.
camera|Pros:Amazing machine for the money. Has a lot of advanced features. Pretty good for closeup and mid range pictures, no need to keep on switching lenses. One is able to take high quality photos on the fly. Color and contrast are excellent. Overall, I would definitely recommend itCons:The camara has difficulty focusing when the LCD is used for picture taking. The machine is not reliable on Video mode, the recording keeps on being automatically stopped after a few second. Needs multiple attempts to have a continuous recording. The camera has difficulty putting the right contrast on the subject if the background is bright despite using different modes.
camera|I have not had much time to really try this out yet but since I am an avid Canon owner I have no doubt that this camera will be just as great as all the rest that I have owned! I really love the live view the T3i has.I have made several purchases from Amazon and have always received prompt service and received the merchandise on or before it was promised.Yes, I would definitely reccommend this purchase to anyone.
camera|Well, I couldn't afford the whole kit so I tried the camera with a borrowed 28-90 lens, and this is the outcome: [...] I also made this one: [...]Photos are huge!I'm very happy :D
camera|Is a great camera!But each day I agree more with the Idea.&#34;The best camera, is the one you can bring with you all the time&#34;
camera|I bought the T3i with 18-135mm lens to replace a Rebel XT. I have 2 other Canon lenses and wanted something that would work with those. I also wanted a lens with enough range that I don't have to switch lenses as often.The T3i is nice, a little more complicated than the XT. I would prefer that it does NOT take video but that isn't an option.My only complaints about the T3i is that the power switch is in the same place as before, and so I still may accidentally move the mode dial when turning it on/off, which can result in improperly exposed pictures. Also, I still haven't figured out the best settings for the autofocus, it still seems sort of hit-or-miss.The T3i body worked fine with my other Canon lenses.However, this kit had an 18-135mm lens that seemed to work fine. But then when I looked at the images on my computer, the focus is soft. When I zoomed in to Actual Pixels view in Photoshop, the images are not crisp. They are not really "blurry", but not as sharp as images from my Canon older lenses.I am returning this and getting just the T3i body.
camera|Ordered this camera, but UPS decided to leave it out side during bad weather. When i returned home that night, i check my tracker and it said its delivered! But lo and behold theres nothing on my property. SO! after contacting the seller, UPS and Amazon about the package, UPS calls me up and begins to attack me over the phone and then begins to harrass me for 2 weeks over the package. Did i even get a "Im sorry for your inconvenience"? No i get screamed at over the phone by thier customer service and how they are going to mess with my future shipments and make it more difficult for me.Now I have used other models like this camera. Compared to the 7D unless your a professional photographer, than the T3i is the camera to go with. has the same processor as the 7D so using it for film is awesome. Stock lenses are ok but try to go for an upgrade, you will see the quality difference. T3i has a plastic body which is sturdy and lighter than the 7D. For beginner photographers this is the camera to start with and one you will use well into your advancement
camera|Great Camera. Unfortunatly I bought two of the same cameras, one here and one from another company and had to return one. the other company tried to charge me a 300 dollar restocking fee. this company gave me a full refund. Great customer service. Would recommend making your purchases here. Also my t3i works wonderfully!
camera|I am an experienced still photographer, beginning to shoot movies. I already had a Nikon D5100 and love it. I needed a second camera for moviemaking and decided to try the EOS Rebel T3i, so I bought one and have been using it for a couple of months alongside the Nikon. It's okay for full-motion HD video, with somewhat more control over exposure than the Nikon.For still photography, it sucks. One of the motivations for a DSLR instead of a pocket digital camera is the expectation that the DSLR will take the picture when you press the button. The Canon T3i doesn't. The Nikon always does. This difference is infuriating. Any decent photographer knows when to take the picture. If the camera waits a couple of milliseconds--or full seconds, in the case of the Canon T3i--you can't capture the moment.It's also cheaply made, compared with the Nikon--all kinds of minor shortcuts to reduce the cost.I'm not sorry I bought it, but I am more than a little disappointed and will use the Nikon as my primary camera, with the Canon as a backup for movies, and leave it in the camera bag when I am shooting stills.
camera|I bought this item as a gift recently brand new from Amazon. When I got the Item, the box was not sealed, everything inside the box appeared to be used. It seems as thought they sold me an item that had been returned or something. When I am spending this kind of money for an item such as this I expect it to be brand new. This is absolutely ridiculous. I was very embarassed to give this as a present to my friend but due to time constraints i had no choice. I am am amazon prime member and I expect alot more especially when I buy an item brand new via Amazon Prime. I am really disappointed and afraid to buy high priced items via amazon Prime. Clearly the high standard that amazon once had is dropping....BEWARE.
camera|I have wanted a camera for sometime now and at first I loved this camera but I am starting to get a little annoyed with it! When it works it takes great pictures but more and more it is saying busy and taking a minute before I can take another! & it will not completely focus. You can hear it trying to focus but my pictures will be fuzzy, I have to release the button and try it several times to make it work. I will be contacting Canon A.S.A.P. because several of my family members have the rebel t2 and they have no issues at all with canon so it seems like I just got the random defective one :(
camera|I wanted to take pictures of bridges. Since retiring from my days as an outlaw, I have been traveling the American countryside taking photos of bridges. So I needed a great camera to do it. This more than meets my expectations. It is everything you can hope for when producing photos of bridges. One day while looking for a bridge I met a woman named Francesca Johnson. Her husband and children were away at the Illinois state fair. She had become restless and disillusioned with what her life had become after having to make a very difficult choice in her youth when she was known as Sophie. We bonded and proceeded to have a 4 day affair that embodied the true love of our lifetimes. But our paths led to separate lives. Her with her family and mine as a photographer for National Geographic magazine. When I pass away, I hope to have my ashes scattered off Roseman Bridge.-Robert Kincaid
camera|Good camera.Everything is good except the following:1.Price goes down too quickly.The price of 18-135mm kit was $949 in Nov.,$874 now and lots of free assessaries.2.The rubber around the view finder is easy to be dirty.3.Battery life is not as long as others.4.Video shot needs too much space and no auto focus.
camera|I did not have much to say about the camera itself except that we are OK with it. What I would bring to your attention is the $400 rebate that is offered when you buy this camera and the Canon PIXMA Pro9000 Mark II Inkjet Photo Printer, which I never got. I placed the order for both the camera an the printer back in March 2012. Then I only received the camera, the printer did not come. Amazon refunded me for the printer and told me to place another order for the printer and said that it would still qualify for the rebate. I did as they told me and submitted the rebate documents. And then I waited and waited and did not receive the rebate. I contacted Amazon so many times but they did not solve the problem. For a typical call, the customer service staff would say "Let me do some research here" and put me on hold and then he would say "you'll be contacted via email". Then I got the email saying they needed more information from me but did not specify what they needed, so I had to call them again. Yesterday they finally forwarded my case to their promotion and rebate department. But then I got an email from a promotion and rebate staff saying " I suggest that you place a new order for the item, Canon PIXMA Pro9000 Mark II Inkjet Photo Printer (3295B002)so that you'll be able to avail of the $200 rebate. Make sure that the printer is shipped and sold by Amazon.I hope this works for you." I am not quite sure what this staff was thinking by making this suggestion, but it reflects how Amazon customer service works, i.e. fooling their customers.
camera|This is a great camera but it doesn't work all the time. One thing I am complaining about which is a major part of this camera (t3i)is the continuous shooting mode (3.7fps). The camera shoot great for about 5 or 10 minutes of continuous shooting then it slow to less than 1fps. There nothing I can do or change to speed it up. Only after shutting it down for about 20 minutes to cool down will the camera return to normal. Somehow, everyone gives great reviews and no one mentioned about this problem. I am wondering if I got a defective camera.
camera|I got this camera with the kit lens and was so disappointed in general with 1. the horribly slow, hunting, and soft focusing of the lens and resulting blurred and unacceptable images at any ISO, and forget about using live view to focus either manually or on auto. You have to use the viewfinder but that's not such a big deal and I expected that as well as with any DSLR, but not such inferior images in all cases, skin tones off, colors off, super soft edges...nothing looked good right out of the camera hand held or or on a tripod (minor improvement only). 2. the build looks and feels cheap, all plastic flimsy parts...feels exactly like it was made in China by human robots with cheap cost saving parts.My old 35mm Canons (built in Japan with superior sturdy materials) were built like little tanks and were still in excellent to pristine condition after decades of use and this model Canon just can't compare. Even the kit lens felt and looked cheap.The good: fairly easy menu and GUI.The possible good: maybe this camera with a very high end lens would make all the difference in image quality.Next: going to try the Nikon D5100 which supposedly has a better kit lens and superior image quality in all cases.*Please fanbois...don't get upset like you always do when someone posts their own opinion from experience with using a product that you adore and will defend no matter the facts.
camera|I had to return this item and Roberts took it back no questions asked. Great service. I hope to be able to do business with them in the future. A+
camera|After a long search comparison , I found this reliable camera !Picture quality is very nice , easy to use .
camera|I am an amateur photographer. This is my first SLR camera. It takes great pictures even with low light. I haven't had time to check out all of the features yet or read all of the way through the Manuel. I have two other Canon cameras and much of the design is familiar to me. Because of the similarities it was easy for me to pick up the camera and use it right away. I like having the camera with me as I am always looking for great shots!
camera|I recently purchased the newest canon t3i camera and lens from this company. I am very pleased in how fast they shipped it, packed it so it wouldn't get damaged, and it was here in less than a week. I have used my camera a little bit as I am learning how everything works on it. I love this camera and how the screen moves it takes amazing pictures. The description he had on it was perfect. I will definately do busniess with them again
camera|Err 05 The built-in flash could not be raised. Turn the camera off and on again. This happens every time I try to use the flash. Canon wants me to ship it insured at my cost, and they don't have anyone outside of Virginia to service it under the warranty.
camera|I really wanted to like this camera. I really did.When it functioned correctly, it took some very good photos. However, for video; this thing is sadly lacking. For one thing, it would constantly overheat; even when being used in an air conditioned space. It could never record more than 6-8 minutes of 1080 video without overheating. Attempted to record a school concert, what recordings were obtained; were awful.Images taken, quickly become grainy when the light is anything less than optimum.From my viewpoint, the menu system is too cumbersome. With large hands, it was difficult to hold and use the camera. It was awkward to access the various wheels and buttons.The screen was difficult to view while outside. ANY glare rendered it completely useless. Used inside, you have to shift your head or screen to find the right angle for viewing. Even then it was often hard to read.Barreling was noted in some test images. An image with a flag pole against a bright blue and slightly cloudy sky turned the flagpole into an arc rather than straight line.The auto focus would function adequately for pictures, but only with absolutely optimum lighting. When you shoot video; you could never get the image crisp using either auto or manual focus. Even when you mange to get the subject crisp, any panning quickly resulted in blurred and/or soft images. If you prefer to shoot video with all in focus, forget about the included 18 - 55 mm lens. It was painful to try and manually focus this lens and of course the auto focus never worked correctly.It's probable the unit tested was defective. But unwilling to risk an exchange, the camera was promptly returned for refund.I've generally had satisfactory experiences with canon products, however; this one failed to meet my needs, expectations and preferences. My advice would be to try before purchasing. This one could quickly turn into an expensive mistake.
camera|I got tired of point and shoots where a tiny movement or shade ruin the photos,and are very slow, especially since I use the camera to photograph my children indoors. Bought this camera, my first SLR, without any knowledge in photography. The camera is user friendly for the automatic mode, but I find that the automatic mode isn't much of an improvement from a regular P&S: colors aren't great, camera is slow to focus, moving kids- pictures far from great. For the cost of 4 good P&S cameras, I would expect MUCH better pictures. Either I take a course in photography, for which I definitely I don't have time, or take it back to the store, save some money and keep getting mediocre photographs with a cheaper P&S.Another minus- got the lenses that come with the kit 18-55 and 55-250. The 55-250 doesn't shoot people that are close (you get the whole surroundings), but the 15-55 isn't enough zoom. Exchanging lenses in the middle of taking photographs- not doable (then you miss the picture you wanted, which was the idea of buying an SLR). Have to get some lens that covers more (such as 18-200). I understand now that if you want good photos, you really have to get into it, not for everybody.
camera|get this item very quick ! about in 2 or 3 days. camera is still good . if have enough money , want more
camera|great product! great product! great product! great product! great product! great product! great product! great product! great product! great product! adsfasdasdfsdfasdfasd
camera|I guess it was my luck to have gotten one of the many faulty cameras out there. A month after i purchased this camera i tried booting it up one morning only to see that my lcd screen said "Error Cannot Read Memory Card Try Formatting" so i formatted my card, and it would still say error. I thought maybe it was just my memory card so i borrowed my friends memory card and still it would give me the same error message. My memory card wasnt the problem because i tried it on a t2i. So now my camera is on its way to get repaired. Its a real shame cause theres a big huge family party coming up and i wanted to take pictures but my stupid T3i had to fail me. Next time im going to go for a Nikon.
camera|I spent hours and hours, days upon days, weeks upon weeks trying to get good jpegs and videos from my T3i to no avail. Sharpness was only fairly good (even when manually focused) with two different lens - not razor sharp like most of my previous Olympus cameras. Colors were not fully lifelike so the images looked "digital" instead of filmlike. Here again I was spoiled by my previous good experiences with Olympus cameras. I did generally like the T3i's video, but here again colors were often inconsistent and the .mov files were huge and a pain to work with.After three months of fustration I bought an inexpensive Olympus Pen camera and was delighted with it's still image color and sharpness.And I also bought an inexpensive Panasonic SD90 camcorder for video because it's delivers superior image sharpness, image stabilization and zoom capabilities compared to my T3i in the more efficient ACHVD format. I will sell the T3i because I want top quality still image and video and the Canon T2i, T3i, 60D and 7D deliver only mediocre quality in my opinion.
camera|I really hate to say this, being a Canon guy who has tons of Canon camcorders and cameras, but this T3i is pure JUNK.I got the 18-55mm kit lens and tried it out.not a single image is sharp! I am a pro photog and video guy with 40 years of experience, so I know how to take a picture or shoot video.Set the camera on AUTO mode, what can be wrong here... well the same blurry image. Nothing in focus, yet it showed it was in focus. Yes, the LIVE VIEW or the optical view does show a CLEAR image, but when loaded onto a computer, it's all blurry when you look at it a bit closer. I compaired with several Nikon DSLR just to make sure maybe my eyes are not good as use to be... the Nikon images from a low cost D-40 is far superior with a kit lens than this 18mp image is full of noise in full sunlight, on AUTO mode or ANY OTHER settings.This was out of the box BAD.Sent it Canon and they sent it back as 'fixed'. NOTHING has changes and they say it's normal and all is OK.Am asking you, If I shoot a 1.2Mp setting on a D40 Nikon and a 18mp setting on T3i and the Nikon is superior quality and sharpness then this T3i what do you think it's wrong? To Canon repair it is fine.Then I set it to 1.2Mp or slightly higher on the T3i and the images is sooooo blurred even a toy camera can do better.Next I used an old Canon SD-800 camera set at 1mp (close to it) and it's image is superiour to this Canon 18Mp !So, it's not me and not knowing how to use a camera. I have six DSLR and many other cams.Canon refuse to replace this LEMON and just giving me the run around.In addition the Movie mode shuts off with a Class-10 SD card after a ten seconds. NOT selected the 10 seconds shots... but it does it on its own. After five tries, finally gets to record in video mode. The image quality is so bad, with the kit lens and other lenses from 24mmm to 50mm. Makes no difference, but the prime lens is a 'sharper' BLURRY image... if you can believe it.So, I have a $1K down the toilet and Canon don't stand behind their products.I urge everyone buying any Canon model DSLR to check it out within a few days and if no good, take it back to the STORE!I missed that opportunity and now stuck with this 'repair' revolving door and getting nowhere.This maybe a refurbish by Canon or someone taken this back to the store, repackaged and sold as new.... at Walmart.I don't blame Walmart, and I don't think they have anything to do with refurbish or re-sold cameras without indicating as such. The inventory showed as NEW camera.
camera|There are many excellent tech reviews there for this camera. I won't repeat.Hope these little details help you to make your mind:(1) Photo quality is good. I wish some controls would be easier to set/access (e.g., HDR, ..)(2) Video talking is an obvious after-thought. If you take lots of video, buy a point-and-shot or a real camcorder, which makes video-talking a lot of easier and more fun.(3) If you have Mac running 10.4, you should know that none of the new software coming with this camera works! You would have to buy a new computer too! (Probably not the first time being forced to upgrade?)..
camera|I bought this camera on Christmas sale with FREE bundle of backpack, UV filter and 16 GB memory card. This free bundle was a selling point for me as a price of a camera itself was not the cheapest around. After receiving a shipment I found out that extras are not in. I have waited a while and after a week gave a call to amazon. It took me an hour to explain the situation. Finally, operator agreed to issue $50 credit so I can buy the above mentioned items. Guess what? Two month have passed and there is no credit and no bundle, still.This is beyond me that a company with such reputation let such things happen to their loyal customers. Although, I'm satisfied with the product itself the way they treated above mentioned issue is unacceptable, they completely ruined my shopping experience!!!
camera|I bought a new T3i and they gave me an old one. The "remove" button doesn't work well. If I have time I will return it.
