camera|I had a camera that I didn't like, so I kept using my daughter's Cannon Powershot elph. I likes hers, so I thought I would splurge an get myself one, too. So far, I like it and it is much better than the Olympus that I had.
camera|I researched quite a bit about different cameras before I decided on this one. I had a couple friends recommend this camera to me as well as the other reviews on Amazon and in other places. The camera is slim and light. It's not iphone slim but it's slimmer than most cameras. The low-light pictures look great as do pictures in any other condition. The camera's controls are easy and intuitive if you've had experience with digital cameras before. I put a good 16 gb sd card in it and there seems to be little delay between shots. Overall this is a great little camera and gets the job done. The one thing that could be nice is a touch screen but the model with the touchscreen was significantly more than when I bought it so I suppose it just depends on if that matters to you or not. This is a nice little camera!
camera|Great size, great pictures, not to hard to manipulate. Way more functions I will be able to master. I guess that means always something to learn.
camera|so far so good still learning how to operate all its wonderful settings the pictures upload to the computer is very easily
camera|Great step up from it's predecessor. Functionality is a little easier and the LCD is bigger. Very happy with it.
camera|We gave this to her parents for Christmas and they love it. Very easy to use and takes quick, consistent, quality pictures. Truly a point and shoot.
camera|I really like the camera but I thought it would have come with a flash memory card, but it did not!!!!!
camera|I wanted a small pocket camera for candid shots of the Grandchildren and for travel to Australia. So far the camera is performing well and takes great pics. The video quality is good and it's very easy to use. The annoying feature is that you do hear on the video the motorised noise when the zoom function is used whilst videoing. I bought a separate memory card and battery at reasonable prices, plus a pink case for $7 on another site that was recommended by a reviewer. I have just ordered 2 spare batteries for travel as the battery does need recharging frequently. Whilst I love my Nikon DSLR it's just too big for using to capture the children in candid shots as it's so intrusive - this small little camera is perfect.
camera|Good enough camera, but didn't seem to take very bright pictures compared to my previous camera, the Canon Powershot SX150IS. Maybe would be better for indoor use. The photos also were not as sharp as I thought they would be.
camera|For years, I've been looking for a small and light camera to carry daily. I have the Canon S100 (good camera), but it's a bit too bulky and heavy for a pants pocket. I tried several of those thin cameras with internal lenses that operate via a prism, but was disappointed in the photo quality. Other small cameras I've tried just didn't cut it. This Elph, however, fits all my needs. The lens is extremely sharp and the sensor captures very fine details. Even highly magnified, the image looks like a crisp photograph, not a smeary watercolor. The operating controls are well thought out and easy to use. I don't know if this camera is being closed out, but I found one new for under $115. I suggest you get one while they're still available. Definitely a winner!
camera|Very pleased with the size of camera, ease of use and quality of photos! Would definitely buy again! Highly recommended!
camera|CurlyGirlBeauty.org & youtube.com/curlygirlbeautyI love this camera, its at a great price & great quality, perfect for making videos & taking pics. I notice when you record videos though the battery goes pretty fast, So I think I will look into getting a better battery, yet this doesnt deter me from this camera. Its so light, small & compact. Perfect to carry.
camera|This is my third Canon Power Shot. I love them so much, I have worn them out using them so much. Would highly recommend this camera. It is compact, slides right into my purse or pocket and takes great picture.
camera|Did I mention its Green!! That was the only color I wanted as a gift. This works great and its super tiny. It has a large view window with a quick response.
camera|It is a better picture quality than most smart phones today, and you get to adjust settings a little bit easier. Smart phones are just more convenient, plus you can get an app that allows you to adjust the same settings.Most people wouldn't be able to tell the difference in picture quality with either camera.
camera|If you're not very tech savvy person, this camera could take sometimes to get used to. I've had many digital cameras in the past but some of these features I had no idea what they were at first glance. But I'm not a heavy user, just a point and shoot kinda of guy, it's feels sturdy and survived 2 big drops from my clumsy hands.
camera|I was upgrading from a very old 4 MP camera. The quality and storage on larger GB SanDisks is very nice. This camera has a lot of functionality and the software that comes with it is easy to use.
camera|This small, lightweight camera takes a good quality picture and videos. I like the ease of transporting while sight seeing. I clip it on my purse.
camera|I got this as a gift for my Mom who had the same camera for about 7 years which was so due for an upgrade! She loved the color and the size! I got it at a great price, and she is very happy with it so far!
camera|Had this camera for months now, I couldn't imagine why people are even giving this thing good reviews. I'm sorry for 16MP...these pictures are terrible indoors.I tried to keep my hands steady as possible and even used a tripod, but no I still cant seem to get clean pictures.I had a Kodak 8MP take cleaner pictures then this with my hands moving!!And of course the video is sub par.Its not at all complicated to operate, but I tried so many settings and lighting conditions(inside and outside)to get better results.So unfortunately the conclusion is the outdoor pictures are not too bad, but indoor pics are just horrible.Low quality product to me.
camera|Love my camera!Absolutely no problems!Takes great pics in bright or low light. I even took a pic in a completely dark room and it came out bright and clear!Lightweight, lots of extra fun features and a great price!Thanks Amazon and Cannon!
camera|I actually have not used this camera, it was bought as a gift for my wife. She loves it, finds new things about it every time she uses it and says it takes AWESOME pictures. I asked her how good a camera it was and she said &#34;five stars&#34;.
camera|Smaller than I anticipated, but that was ok since it makes it easier to carry. Great pics and very easy to use. Very much a recommended buy.
camera|I have no photography experience, but would like to start dabbling. I have been playing with all the different features and got some great pictures of our kids over the weekend. It's too bad the full manual is online only because I haven't had time to read it. using the functions has become easier and I love that I can quickly switch to auto focus. My 12 year old son loves the slow motion feature. Very pleased with this purchase so far.
camera|I recieved it quicker than expected. The camera looks great and takes beautiful pictures. For someone who doesn't take, taking picture too seriously it perfect for me.
camera|This camera makes photos look so great! I love its auto selection of different types of settings and effects it should apply. A fantastic point and shoot type camera for high quality pictures.
camera|I always wanted to have a better camera because the one I had before was not that good. This camera has 16.1 MP and makes really good pictures. Eventough it was smaller than I thought it would be it is a good size and easy to handle. I can highly recommend this camera for the normal family life, etc.
camera|Just needed something simple but effective and efficient this does the job. Small and easy to carry. Reccomend getting the EVA molded camera case in same color.
camera|I love this camera. I needed an upgrade, and working in a daycare I have had a lot of experience with a variety of different cameras. I love love love the large display screen. Also, this item got delivered to my house before I even got a shipment notification! It was pretty awesome!
camera|I just received this camera, and I took a few photos with it and I love how it auto adjusts to the surrounding backgrounds! The only thing I have to say is that the circular navigation buttons (on the back) looks a little a bit out-dated for my taste. I also tried the video quality..it pretty good but the sound quality is a bit low. I love how this camera also comes in several colors which can suit anyone! Its also pretty small and compact which is perfect for traveling! Overall, its a pretty good camera and I would recommend it.
camera|A month before buying this camera I bought a Nikon COOLPIX S6300 16 MP Digital Camera and sucks ... and this camera is just the opposite. Take great pictures and video ... I love the color
camera|Needed a cheaper point and shoot camera while backpacking in Nicaragua, so I bought this knowing my other ELPH had taken awesome shots... Really wasn't expecting what I got out of a camera that cost so little compared to what i've bought in the past.
camera|Once again Canon sets the standard. This was a gift for my wife, who really loves it. Especially the low light ability it has. Clear shots. We aren't camera experts, but I depended on others' reviews for my selection. The grandkids look great in the pictures.
camera|This camera was bought as a Christmas present for my &#34;technology-challenged&#34; mom. As a result, it was very important to find a camera that was easy to use - the buttons are easy to see, big enough to press/turn for arthritic hands, large screen to for viewing, and intuitive usage for the standard &#34;point-and-click&#34; camera to give clear, fantastic photos. It is a vibrant red, compact and durable. My mom was thrilled to receive this little camera - definitely a great buy!
camera|I needed a small camera for times when my other camera- a Canon SLR was too big to tote around. This Elph is fine. Resolution was better than I would have expected from one of these &#34;Point and Shoot&#34; units. And the battery holds a long charge. Recommend it.
camera|My son bought this camera for us from Bestbuy for Christmas. It is a camera full of features. We were looking for something to replace our Kodak V550,so a quick point and shoot pocket camera. In auto this camera seemed to take very good pictures in low light and outdoors. But we found for indoor pictures in auto with the flash it would create a strong yellow tint. If I went into settings or shut off the flash it seemed better but then the lighting was variable. So long story short if you are looking for a quick point and shoot to use in all auto be wary of the tint. Exchanged it this week for Sony DSC WX50 which seems to be be doing quite well. TZ
camera|I tend to stick to the same manufacturers for years on end once I find a good fit of customer service, functionality, etc. Canon never let's me down. This is my 3rd elph/ixus and am very pleased with the latest.
camera|I purchased this as a gift for my boyfriend. He was schocked as he never expected it. He loves this camera as it's small and very easy to use.
camera|Top notch point and shoot camera. High quality, lots of features and easy to use. I would highly recommend this camera for someone looking for a compact, quality, point and shot camera. I also have a Nikon D600.
camera|We use Canon cameras at our school and find them very dependable. They receive daily use by a multitude of staff.
camera|Couldn't possibly be easier to operate. I take pictures of my local area on a daily basis and have found so many things that I had previously missed..Even the Moose look better...
camera|the color is bright and just like what it shows onlinethe functions work well and I usually tke it out when I was traveling
camera|I bought this for my mom for Xmas. It was a great price and very easy to use (my mom is not too savvy with electronics). I would recommend.
camera|It's quite comfortable in hand and really nice.A pocket is good enough to hold it.Good for this price.
camera|I am very hard on cameras. I dropped them a lot in the sand, water, and on the floor. I tend to go thru cameras fast. This camera is very sturdy on the outside. The body is hard, and the color is cool. I think I may have found the camera for me. Very easy to operate. Time will tell.
camera|I've read the other reviews and while I admit I'm not one of those people who know everything about cameras, this camera is great! The flash is excellent. Pictures taken in low light come out clear as day. I've taken some where the TV is on in the background and you can actually see what's on. My one complaint is the computer software that comes with it can be difficult to work and understand and half the photos I try to upload to Facebook from the program fail with no explanation. But the camera itself works great. My husband even dropped it (the battery popped out and everything) and it still works fine!
camera|This camera is light weight and easy to use. It is small enough to carry in a purse or case.
camera|This is a great easy to use point and shoot camera. We also own a Canon 60d as well as a Canon Rebel. I like how stream line and small the ELPH 110 is. It takes clear photos with no fuss. When I need a quick and easy shot I use it or my I phone. No complaints. Worth the price. The black is classic and my number one pick. I would recommend it as a quick shot for any beginner or professional photographer.
camera|Really liked this camera except it was a little too small for my fingers to operate.I didnt have it more than a month or two when i loaned it to my grandson & he managed to lose it.Otherwise it took great pictures.I have now just purchased a Powershot sx500.will be sure not to loan this one.will let you know how i like it when i get it
camera|As with most point and shoot cameras, when the flash is turned off, the photos come out grainy, but that is to be expected. My only complaint with this camera is that when shooting a video if you are to zoom in or out, the sound of the lens adjusting is VERY VERY loud and rather annoying. However the slight re-focusing capabilities of this camera when shooting a video are great, considering most point-and-shoot cameras don't do that. Good job, Canon.
camera|I give this a rating of 4 stars it's small, maybe a tad too small, neat , simple to use , the controllers are easy to navigate , the stills are clear and clean , as are the movies the microphone is my main concern , sound is not to good , overall a good camera for the price
camera|I needed a small, decent but not over-the-top little camera for my daughter. She is starting to enjoy taking pictures and I don't want her using my professional equipment. This seems like a good started camera. I was not expecting much, but that being said, it has exceeded my expectations. Good color on the pictures and while easy to use, does allow her to use a few settings, which is a good experience.
camera|Bought for my gf for christmas. so far she ha sreally liked it. Takes very good pictures, easy to use. no complaints
camera|Pros: This camera is fun and stylish. The blue exterior makes it easy to find in your purse or bag and it's small enough to fit in your pocket. In outdoor settings this camera is at its best. I'm still working through the multiple amount of settings on manual but so far Auto has performed better than expected, often choosing the right scene to shoot with based on the people in the photo and the surroundings.Cons: As with most point and shoots in this category, the difficulty comes in low light situations. Flash tends to be a little overpowering and I often get a yellow tinge in the photos without using flash. Of course, nothing that can't be corrected in Photoshop. Though the case is blue and beautiful, the lens cover feels cheap.Overall, I'd buy this camera again. It's a good point and shoot to carry along if I don't feel like lugging around my Canon SLR and captures good pictures on the go.
camera|The seller sent the article within 5 days and it was wrapped and under the tree for a Christmas present. The camera is exactly as described and it is being enjoyed. Thanks
camera|This camera compliments my photographic needs by providing a compact alternative to carrying my 35DSLR around with me. I can take this camera anywhere as it is very compact, but the image quality, the quality flash, and ease of use make it a great camera. I recommend it to anyone!
camera|this was given as a gift and my daughter had requested this model. She has been very happy with the camera.
camera|What a great little point and shoot camera. Takes great pics with little to no effort. Easy to use and glad I got it.
camera|This was the third camera I bought since the my previous Lumix SZ7 and Nikon L610. I was looking for a camera that would be able to take pictures of my fast moving kids under low light. The Lumix took blurry pictures but the Nikon performed worse and resulted in 90% of unusable pictures even when making all adjustments of scenes. The Canon performs well indoors and takes great pictures. I have always like the color tones of Nikon and I do think that the Nikon take great quality pictures when taking stills. The Canon Elph 110 surpasses both cameras mentioned above when it comes to taking pictures in low light. This may be that the flash seems a bit brighter but I never compared the three together. I believe the Lumix comes in 3rd place here for me since it took blurry pics and the quality/color was not as detailed as the Nikon since I took comparison pictures between these two cameras. One thing that is a deal breaker is the Canon's SMART Auto. I had to fiddle with many scene setting with the Lumix and Nikon but the Canon has it all figured out for you and allows you to put it on Auto and let it do it's work.
camera|16 megapixels. This camera takes amazing photos, is compact in size, and I love the touch screen! I would definitely buy it again.
camera|This was a nice enough camera, while it worked. But now it doesn't. It has been treated very nicely, but hasn't returned the favor.
camera|Great price, great thin camera. This is one of the most popular, if not the most popular vlogging camera amongst YouTuber's. ShayCarl, TyMoss, PirateGray, and others use this camera and I can see why. Easy to use, not too bulky and great quality video and sound. If you're an inspiring vlogger, this is the camera to get.
camera|This was a Christmas gift for my husband. He was very appreciating, but scared to use it as he is not very good with instructions. I read them and showed him how to use it, he really likes it now. Easy to use and explain how to use. A wonderful camera for people who are not camera inclined. Takes fabulous pictures of our new Grandson.
camera|I did a lot of research on this camera I bought for my wife; she wants simple but with excellent pictures. The only slight problem is that there is a lag time between when you press the button to take a picture and when the camera actually takes the picture.
camera|Wonderful, compact and sharp. If I have to write more words I may not do this feedback again. I'm Sorry.
camera|I bought this for my wife for Christmas, she loves it. Takes great pictures and easy to use. It took a great picture of a car speeding by at about 60 mph, no blurring and crystal clear image. Amazing!!
camera|I wanted to take some nice videos and I was having the hardest time choosing between a camcorder or a regular camera. I wanted something simple to upload to YouTube and would take nice video.Pros:It definitely takes sharp looking full HD video and great pictures.I could upload straight from camera to YouTube!Very simple to use especially if you asked a friend to film something for you . . . no explanation required. . . just hit the button.Cons:This will be the main issues with any camera that you want to act as a camcorder. . .Battery doesn't last to to long for video (I bought two more battery packs offline for about $25)Doesn't come with SD memory chip (This camera seems to take any SD chip. I got a 32GB for $23 offline)Optical Zoom is X5 (After looking into cameras I found that DIGITAL zoom really should not be used, it just makes the quality of your picture go down, ok fine so I use my OPTICAL zoom which keeps 100% of the quality, but it is only 5X on this camera, but it is also only a Camera and not a Camcorder. After looking back at everything I found most Cameras bellow $250 will be around 3X-8X Optical zoom. I sometimes need to film things from a reasonable distance away, maybe 220 feet, which the 5X Optical seems to be reasonable enough for. If you need to film from a 200+ feet away often and are going to be picky at how close you need it to be zoomed in on the actually item itself then your best option will be to look into a Camcorder as they tend to have a ridiculous amount of optical zoom.)Conclusion:All in all the camera is a great choice whether you want a perfect photo or a beautiful video within 200 feet. After spending the extra $50 dollars on batteries and memory card (totaling everything to about $200) I should be able to get roughly 1.5hours -2hours of HD video depending on how often I start and stop.
camera|Loved the simplicity of this camera. Anyone who is a bit technology impaired will love this camera. I took it to Jamaica for my daughters wedding and it produced some beautiful photos!!
camera|i am totally satsfied with this product as it serves my immediate needs and exceeds my expectations. The qualtity of pictures are of an unsually high quality.
camera|i love this camera! I needed a new camera and bought this cannon,it takes wonderful pictures,and is easy to learn to use
camera|Bought this for someone so & they were very pleased. Even I was surprised when I finally go my hands on it & took some pictures. Quality was excellent, design's sleek & beautiful & fit well in you hands. For the price it an excellent buy
camera|The new Canon ELPH point-and-shoot is much like the last ELPH point-and-shoot I had, only lots better on the inside. On the outside, the 110HS is marginally trimmer, and a lot cooler looking in all black, but the innards are what really make the difference. The auto function really shows the results that 5 years of gradual improvements have created where it counts most: in each superb photograph. The controls continue to be simple and innovative, and the automatic functions do as much thinking for you as you want. The options to go manual and turn off auto flash, tracking, et al are yours to access and enjoy, or ignore and go blissfully on your hi-tech photographic way. This is a great camera to pack in your bag for a weekend or a grand European tour. Either way, it is massively better than the smartphone camera default. Megapixels and Canon imaging technology win again.
camera|Purchased this camera to replace an old tried and true Olympus Stylus 300 that I used for my real estate business.Checked all the consumer reviews and decided on the Canon ELPH HS 110 due to its low light capabilities and large LCD screen. While I am not a camera buff and will more than likely not use even a quarter of the features, I was duly impressed by the clarity of the LCD screen and the ease of using the HD video. As a guy with large hands the only down side for me is the rather small size of the camera which makes it difficult to hold. I did find, however, that the use of the hand strap helped tremendously! Probably the best feature for me will be the timer and tripod socket for taking photos of my really BIG FISH when no one is around! lol
camera|My Husband and I were planning a trip to Niagara Falls for our anniversary. We wanted a camera that was easy to carry and dependable. We researched online and found two models we liked and had good reviews. We did not want to blow our budget on a camera. We chose the Canon Powershot ELPH 110. We ordered it online and it arrived in less then 5 days. We read instructions which were very simple to follow. We took a few trials photo before leaving on our trip. I was amazed at the clarity of our pictures.We took great wide angle pictures of the Niagara Falls, plus while we were moving on our tour bus the pictures were not blurry but very clear. We have some great pictures at night as well.The camera is small enough to carry in your shirt pocket or in a purse. It is very functional for all our picture taken.We took video pictures while riding on the Maid of the Mist boat. They more very clear along with good audio. I feel this is a great little camera that suits all our needs. Very easy to use, very light weight, good clarity. We purchased a memory card and a camera case at the time we ordered.
camera|The Elph 110 takes far better photos than my higher-end Elph SD780 from 3 years ago. I'm especially impressed with the speed and low light performance. The main control buttons next to the screen are difficult to push and don't have much tactile feedback though.
camera|I bought this camera from amazon after my first one got stolen. Here is what i like about the cam:1. Relatively inexpensive: compared to some of the other major brand cameras.2. Decently quick response from camera button to shutter. Obviously not going to be as good as a $3,000 camera...3. Video mode is cool: full HD record and playback (just get a memory card alongside it or you will run out really quick)4. Loaded with tons of features: i played with my camera for over 2 hours when i first got it. Useful Features:A- Smile mode: wont snap the picture until the subject being shot smiles.B- Anti-blink mode: wont snap picture unless your eyes are fully opened.C- Multi-shot mode: will take a few photos and select the best one for you.D- Panoramic view: snap photos moving in 360 degree circle and it will combine it for you.E- It labels faces. So you can store your face that everytime someone takes a photo of you, the camera is auto-focused on you and not something else.Some of the things i found a little annoying:1: Battery life is NOT great (buy another battery for really cheap here on amazon. worth the extra few bucks so you dont miss out on &#34;kodak moments&#34;)2: Doesnt always focus on the right spot: when facing light, camera is disappointingly unable to focus well. (i put this to test with my friends AWESOME $3,000)Other than that, i would buy this camera again and recommend it to family, friends, and people such as yourselves who are taking the time to read this review.If you bought a camera b/c of this review, please help out, and thumbs me up!!!
camera|This product works well for what I bought it for. The item shipped in a timely fashion. The camera needs time to take the picture, there is a delay before a shot is taken.
camera|I love this camera! A family member of mine bought it and I really liked it, but didn't like the price tag. So, I went to my favorite site, AMAZON.COM, and found it for $50 cheaper than my brother spent at Best Buy! This is definitely a great buy!!!
camera|This camera is awesome. It takes great, crisp pictures. I purchased this camera to replace a Canon that broke when dropped. This is sleek and can fit into a pocket easily. I love the color blue, it really pops! I use this for video as well as pictures and the videos are great too! I highly recommend this camera.
camera|This is one of the best smaller cameras I have ever used and now owned. My sister had bought one and I loved it. I have a slight addiction to cameras and own about 15 now. This is by far my favorite right now. From the color of it, the ease of carrying it in a small handbag or my pocket to all the features it has. The photos come our beautifully. Definitely worth the money. I am not a photographer but feel like one when I use this. Enjoy it!
camera|I purchased this camera to replace a Canon Power Shot A400. I wanted to see better photos but knew I'd sacrifice the convenience of using rechargeable AA batteries. As it turns out the out of the box rechargeable battery for the Elph 110HS only lasted for about 25 flash photos before it had to be recharged. I'm disappointed it has such short battery usage after recharge. Looks like I'll have to buy a back up battery. The 110HS takes great photos and I don't have to use a computer program to downsize the photos, I can do it with a program built into the camera. The large photos take up a lot of storage space so I purchased a 16 G card when I bought the camera. So far I'm dazzled by the difference between the A400 and the 110HS. I recommend this camera for it's ease of use and decent price.
camera|This is the fifth Canon compact digital camera I have purchased. Each one is significantly better than the previous one. With a 32 Gig chip I can now do HD video and take all the photos I want on a two week vacation and never worry about running out of storage space. The images are razor sharp. I will have no need for a camera any better than this. Ever.
camera|Extremely wonderful pictures. The clearest of all cameras I have had. The 16.1 pixels give an extremely clear picture even when using the digital zoom. Does great in low light. The only set back is the battery life. According to the manual it says 150 pictures to a full battery charge, this seems to me a little few to me. Another battery is about $50-$70 too which is a little pricy. I have looked on e-bay and there are offbrand batterys but I have not tried any of them. Other then the battery life, this is a great compact camera. There is an overwhelming array of things you can do to the picture with the settings on the camera too. A great first camera and I would highly recommend this camera.
camera|So far, it seems like a fine camera, purchased to replace a bulkier Kodak digital camera (I believe it was a Kodak Easyshare Z981 14 MP Digital Camera with Schneider-Kreuznach Variogon 26xWide Angle Optical Image Stabilized Zoom Lens and 3.0-Inch LCD Screen]) which broke. I wish the Canon came w/ a ready to read complete manual instead of w/ a short "quick start" manual, the remainder of which has to be downloaded from a .pdf file, which I haven't gotten around to doing yet. Missing from the camera, and apparently from many other digital cameras, but not from my replaced Kodak, is an alternate eye level viewer which comes in handy when there is too much light for the image in the full screen viewer. I appreciate its compactness and the automatic cover when the lens is retracted. And, oh yeah, for this amateur, the pictures taken seemed OK!
camera|I * hate * this * camera. I researched many cameras in this class before settling on the ELPH 110HS, and I am very disappointed. I've been using it since November 2012 - in auto mode and in program mode to attempt to improve situations where it is not performing well.The biggest problem is FOCUS. It attempts to focus on everything BUT your subject. Moving the camera and/or half pressing the button usually does not help. In landscapes it focuses on a tree instead of building, a building instead of a tree, a tree instead of another tree, etc. An example of how bad the focus is - I was photographing my brown dog - attempting to focus on his face while he napped on a cream blanket. Instead of picking up his face, it kept focusing on his brown side or haunch or even the cream blanket - basically an expanse of brown or cream with no distinguishing marks.Low light - Photos are always blurry. And by low light I mean any photo taken indoors without flash if the subject is not PERFECTLY stationary. You can have all the lights on or all the curtains open and have some beautiful natural light, but to this camera it may as well be night time. Of course if you use the flash, it helps. But the flash is a horrible strobe that lights up your subject in a very unnatural way. I've tried covering ½ of it with my thumb or taping a piece of tissue over the flash to act as a filter. This helps somewhat. Mostly I only use the flash if I am standing WAAAY back with the camera zoomed to the max.Depth of field in a photo - I have found it almost impossible to get that nice blurry look behind a subject. Doesn't matter if I zoom or not or if there is distance between the subject and the background. I have to depend on editing software which is time consuming.Macro is terrible - most time it cannot focus on a close subject when on macro. Seems to actually work better when not on macro - go figure!The only good thing I can say is that the video function is nice - the one step record is handy and the videos are pretty good.Oh and I've dropped it twice this week in the snow and it still works. Not sure if thats a pro or con. May be my subconscious hoping it dies!I miss my ancient boxy Kodak CX7430 with the postage stamp sized screen. It took great photographs in all of the above situations.Back to the drawing board...
camera|I am a professional photographer and instead of lugging my big boy around with me every day, this fits neatly in my pocket and takes some amazing photos! I am very impressed with this camera and highly recommend it.
camera|Don't waste your time and money on this camera, despite the good reviews! After buying a Canon PowerShot Elph 300 for my husband several months ago, this newer Canon is a huge disappointment. We have been extremely impressed with the Elph 300, and I wanted a slim, great performing camera for a little less money. Too bad the Elph 110 is as cheap as it looks and feels. It is very noisy during photo shooting, as well as the flash itself, and the camera is extremely slow rebounding for the next frame. It would not be possible to shoot a series of frames with this camera, it's just too slow! The zoom quality is equally disappointing, because the image on the screen is so grainy and blurry that I wouldn't trust the camera to actually take good pictures. Unfortunately, I had to send it back, it simply was not worth keeping.
camera|This camera does not produce impressive images. A point and shoot should be able to deal with a range of basic indoor conditions, such as taking a picture of a group of people in a restaurant under artificial light. This was attempted. The settings used were the factory default. The camera failed the test. The images are dim and often have a yellow hue. The effect of the flash is unpredictable and generally unhelpful. An Apple iPhone took better images each time. Cameras can and do beat the Apple. If you want bad indoor pictures of 16.1 mega pixels then buy this. Otherwise, save your money and use your smartphone. Or buy another camera.
camera|The colors were beautiful, I am not a professional photographer, but have several expensive cameras. This worked well, it recycled a little slow when taking the 2nd shot, even with a fast SD card, but maybe the card was to blame. We took ocean photos that were true blue and turquoise, and really clear. It is small, perfect for pocket and hiking. I am glad I read others reviews and bought it.
camera|When I saw an optical zoom camera that actually fits in a shirt pocket on display at a local store, I came home and looked on Amazon. The Canon ELPH110HS was highly rated and relatively low-priced ($140). So I tried it. I am keeping it for occasional use due to its compactness, but it will not be replacing my Nikon S8200 (currently $210).The ELPH110HS may satisfy you if price, size or weight are issues and you want something better than your phone's camera and video. However, the Nikon's image quality is noticeably better than the ELPH110HS. I tested both cameras by photographing a red apple on a shiny blue plate. I tried auto, close-up and landscape in natural daylight and with flash. In each case, the colors and depths of field were remarkably better from the Nikon S8200. In low light, the Nikon S8200 saved to SD card faster and there was more shutter delay from the ELPH110HS. To Canon's credit, the images are not bad, they just are not great without editing.On the upside, the ELPH110HS took a good video in poor light (I do not shoot videos, so the video quality is not important to me). Uploading to Picasa was a cinch - I did not need to install Canon's software. Canon's anti-shake worked better than the S8200.
camera|For the everyday person who just wants to take sharp clear photos of what ever this cannon powershot ELPH 110 HS camera delivers everything it claims. The videos at 1080p are cool too.It is simple to use and rather intuitive. For the money it is a great value. Couldn't be happier and my wife loved the color.
camera|Great camera for everyday photography. I purchased this for a vacation I went on and it took great pictures in a variety of settings (mountains, beach, indoors, night, etc.). The video function is also great.
camera|Love this small camera. You can take it anywhere you want. It's a great point and shoot camera, it takes very clear pictures and videos. I have backgrounds in taking photo so I like to have a good camera. I own Nikon d5000 digital SLR and love it but can't take it anywhere since its too big.
camera|The clarity of the images is phenomenal! The camera is durable, easy to use and takes excellent photographs. I would definitely recommend this camera to anyone!
camera|I always read reviews before I purchase anything, so after finding the Canon PowerShot the Best in Review, I purchased one. I could not be more satisfied. The 16 MP format gives beautiful, sharp, and clear photos. It slips right in my pocket and its quick start-up and clear, bright screen are always ready for that photo moment. I also like the charging bay - no more wires and cables to carry and hook up. All the auto features are amazing for a camera this size. I also got one for my wife as she needed an upgrade as well. But, by far, I am "blown away" with the HD video. I take a lot of sports and moving videos. The stabilization technology is excellent. Even walking over rough ground while shooting, the camera stays steady and clear. Also, when shooting video the "zoom in" and "zoom out" are slowed which produces and much nicer overall film. Focus is good in video mode as well. I used to be a professional wedding photographer. I used medium format equipment to get that perfect photo but this little Canon would give the "Big Boys" a run for their money. I give it a 4.8+ for sure. Why not perfect? The battery does not last very long especially when shooting video. I'll probably order another battery to throw in my bag.
camera|The excellent performance of this very small camera is finding a lot of use since it's a camera that's with us often, either in a jacket pocket or my wife's purse. There's an old saying that goes something like, "The best camera for the job is the one you actually have with you." At 16 Megapixels, this has the same resolution as our much larger DSLR, while recognizing that the small lens is somewhat of a compromise, it is surprisingly good. Most of the pictures we use it for are for newsletters and not for poster sized prints, so it's very often the right camera for the job since it's handy and unobtrusive. I may get a second one so my wife and I would each have one. It's an excellent value for the money.
camera|Great little camera but with the small size comes little buttons. Some buttons not as intuitive as I would wish but does the job and takes great pics with and without the flash.
camera|I had an Olympus that I never did really like. There was a bright spot that showed up on all the images. I asked my friends on FB what kind of camera they would buy--99% said a Canon. I chose this camera for its simplicity but it takes a great picture. And...if I really want to I can make some adjustments. Frankly though, the auto everything option works extremely well. I got a big fat 16 GB card for taking videos and it never gets full.
camera|There are better true resolution cameras out there but the HD video on this camera is astonishing...CONS:-only 9.7MP true resolution-seems to be made too light causing it to possibly break easy-slow motion setting is not HD-no GPS-no 3DPROS:-1080p recording-nice 24mm wide lens- cool 5x zoom-nice 3' LCD-nice pics-very thin (smaller than iPhones)-good batty life (170 shots)- user friendly (buttons, settings, etc.)-price $172 (green)This camera is worth $170 bucks. The trade offs with other high end cameras is that it does 1080p recording and takes awesome pics for public use. Overall, this rating is based on someone who does not know much about photography and likes to pull out a camera from his pocket and shoot. I like this camera a lot. I will not return it as I planned because of its features.
camera|This camera takes amazingly good, no great, photos. It's easy to use, has many settings for different effects, etc, if you want to do that in your photos. It also has 'manual settings', so if you know how you want to change the settings, you can do that, similar to a lower-to mid level DSLR style camera. It also fits nicely in your pants pocket, since it is quite thin. All in all, it is a fantastic camera. Would very much recommend it.
camera|I had purchased this a while back in red and returned it because, at the time, it was video capture I was after. If you are looking for a camera that takes lovely pictures but is sort of lacking in the sound department when recording this is for you. If you are looking for something that records crisp sounds during video then look elsewhere.
camera|Great product. It arrived when I expected it to arrive and it was what I expected it to be, Thanks.
camera|I bought this for my daughter for Christmas and it is very nice. We will enjoy it for years to come.
camera|love this little camera! I carry it everywhere! I can't wait until summer to use the underwater housing at the beach and the pool!
camera|I have had a Lumix until now and find this little camera almost as capable, certainly lighter, and 1/2 the price. Now I can hope that it functions for years without the problems I had with the Lumix flash being finicky.
camera|He has been enjoying this camera very much. It has great features and takes fantastic photos. He can't wait to take it on vacation next month!
camera|This does the job for me. I've been looking to buy a smaller lighter digital camera and finally settled on the ELPH 110 HS. I couldn't be happier. In a small padded case it is in my coat pocket, always ready to go. The bright red case makes it easy to spot so I don't tend to forget where I put it, and it does everything I want, (and probably more) with no fuss. Very pleased.The screen is large & bright, the zoom control surrounds the exposure release, and it takes great photos in Auto mode. Wow.
camera|Takes great pictures, love the blue case and it is so smail it fits in any pocket. I love this camera.
camera|I've always liked the digital elph line, but this one combines the Image Stabilization, the CMOS chip that does VERY well in low light situations (disclaimer, low light stationary, not a lot of movement), a very compact shape, and good MP and Zoom numbers. I get absolutely fantastic quality shots in computer rooms without a flash, as well as with no-flash food shots in sometimes dim restaurants. A great pocket camera that outshines any phone camera.About the only thing I'm not thrilled with is the move by Cannon from heavier metal camera bodies to plastic... yes, it is substantially lighter, and certainly cheaper, but I am curious about the durability.All in all though, I am without any regrets and would buy this one again in a second.
camera|I am no photographer but i used this for a few days before handing it over to my dad and I loved it. I have a entry-pro canon that i use and this thing does some stuff better than my rebel. Images are very crisp and it does great Full HD. I certainly would suggest this over the slightly cheaper models!
camera|Great, versatile light weight camera with a clear, non-glare viewfinder. Nicest perk is excellent Hi Def 1080 movies. Not for serious photographers who should shoot with Digital SLRs, but not a bad back up when one doesn't want to lug heavier pro equipment around.Jim
camera|So I bought this pocket camera less than 3 weeks ago and added expedited shipping. It was still cheaper than buying in a store even with 2 day shipping; Thank you Amazon :). I also got a 32Gb Class 10 SD card. I took over 500 photos in Europe, in all light levels, out of a car window, in the rain and snow, of family, trees, and snow capped mountains. All I can say is, I was unexpectedly amazed at the quality of the photos. I only used the video mode once but the picture quality was great, only complaint was mic volume.Pros: small and lightweight... carried in my pocket for 2 weeks, takes amazing photos and quick too, decent zoom, around 3 days battery life with usage everyday, auto setting is pretty good. Bonus: Photos of the Alps out of a car window are spectacular!Cons: My only 2 problems; in "low light" appears great on view finder but still uses flash, video mode... can barely hear someone jamming out on an amplified electric violin from 15-20 ft away.
camera|This camera is great for indoor shots, but it's almost impossible to see the image on the screen when shooting in bright sun. I returned this model and ordered a Canon Powershot SD780is on Amazon which has a view finder, so that shooting in bright sun should not be a problem. Apparently, very few small cameras now have a view finder and I am hard pressed to see why anyone who shoots outdoors would find the ELPH 110HS acceptable.
camera|I recently lost my camera and I love to take pictures for memories sake as well as record my favorite songs at concerts. I'm not a photographer, but like to edit my pictures and I appreciate the difference in quality between the 16.1 MP on this camera as compared to my previous 12ish MP Canon Powershot ELPH 100HS. The images are very vibrant and clear, and the HD quality video recording capabilities inspire me to take on other projects. You will definitely want to purchase a memory card that can hold all of this however, since the camera does not come with one at all. I got a 16GB memory card that should hold about 3738 images at the largest size 16M 4608x3456 (16x20), 7306 8M 3264x2448 (13x19), 9999 2M 1600x1200 (postcard size), and 9999 at the smallest 0.3M 640x480 (email attachments). As for full HD recordings at 1920x1080, you can record up to 58 minutes. I don't plan to record at any less of a quality than that, but as you can imagine your minutes will increase as you decrease your quality settings. This is the perfect camera and value for someone who wants something for everyday use and to travel with. It's sleek and compact, and user friendly! I want to keep it safe and prolong it's use, so I bought a carrying case for it as well. I can't believe this camera and the accessories I purchased for it are all under the price of even half of what my previous camera cost me. I've decided to spread the love and ordered the same camera and accessories for someone else because I love it so much!
camera|The Canon PowerShot ELPH 110 HS is extraordinarily capable given its small size and extremely affordable price. HD video is unbelievably clear, and well appointed photographs are nearly effortless in auto mode.The primary drawback to this camera is the small size of the control buttons. The top of the buttons are actually seated beneath the frame of the camera. This makes toggling through the extensive menu settings extremely difficult, especially for people with larger fingers. The plastic battery housing also appears very cheap and detracts from the overall attractiveness of the camera.If not for the undersized control buttons (a fatal error), this camera would easily rate five stars. I recommend delaying purchase in the hopes that Canon will resolve this design shortcoming in the 110 HS' successor.
camera|Amazon shipping was fast! So far the camera has met my expectations. Easy to understand user interface and the picture quality is about what I expected.The auto feature takes really good photos and the ease with which you can take great shots is about par with most upper level quality point and shoot cameras. If you need an easy to use, quality point and shoot camera that fits right into a jacket or cargo pocket, this is a great choice. To sum it up, small camera that has better than average quality photo quality. You want to take pics with your iPhone, go ahead. If you want to take better pics than that, use this nifty camera instead.
camera|I just recieved it in the mail, and honestly.. I already love it. I seriously love it. It focuses amazing on both settings. It has good quality pictures,and the filming is awesome. I would repurchase it in a heart beat.
camera|I bought this camera specifically for my recent vacation I took. I wanted something small that I could tuck in a pocket or purse, but something that would also take good pictures. I just left it on auto the whole time and my pictures turned out great. I even took some pics as we were in a moving vehicle and they turned out rather well. I would recommend this camera for anyone looking for a simple point and click camera.
camera|Easy to use, takes nice pictures and video, and very convenient to carry around. I did a lot of homework before choosing this model and am glad I did.
camera|Very good. Easy to use, reliably good image quality. Fits in any pocket. I'm very happy with it.The bad: older Elph cameras had bigger batteries that lasted longer. This one has such a tiny battery that doesn't last very long per charge. I'd rather a slightly larger camera with a longer-lasting battery. Loses one star for this.
camera|For the measly sum of somthing like $125 I got this little thing. This is the third compact digital camera I have owned from Canon. All have been excellent, tough (many drops and falls with no effect), and take excellent pictures. This latest entry in the ELPH line is even better photographically. More powerful and flexible focussing schemes, better light balance, and higher sensor resolution. The optics are top-notch for a compact camera. For those of you who still think that your Phone-I is a camera, let me give you a reminder - REAL cameras have lenses. Try buying an inexpensive camera like this and you will see what I mean.I also own a digital Rebel (actually, I won a couple of them), and for simple photography, this ELPH produces pictures equal to the quality of the more expensive Rebel. When there are more demanding applications, the Rebel still outdoes most cameras on planet Earth, but this ELPH thing is amazing. Hard to imagine this can be so good for such a low cost.
camera|We purchased this camera for mom for Christmas. The image quality is excellent, it is simple to use (mom-proof), and it is very small, slipping easily into a pocket or purse. I liked it so well, I might pick one up for myself.
camera|exactly what I needed. Easy to use and it came very quickly. 8 more words required yum yum yum yum
camera|A great camera at this price. I took it with me on a tour this winter, and it performed well, especially for people who doesn't know much about digital things, like me.
camera|We're very pleased with the functionality of this camera - -both the photos and the video. Could capture with the video is also very good. Glad we bought it!
camera|This is a very good camera. Easy to use, and takes great pics! With a push of a button I can record. Love it!
camera|This is my 3rd Canon PowerShot camera and they just keep getting better. This takes high quality shots in both manual and auto modes and allows you to have a lot of flexibility in manual mode. The reason I gave 4 stars and not 5 is the reason I had to buy this camera. Canon's Elph cameras have a problem of breaking if the lens is justled or dropped when extended. This cannot be fixed for a reasonable price.Despite this issue, I still bought a new Powershot Elph because I love the pictures it takes.
camera|One of the best cameras I have ever had. It takes really good pictures and its a really good price! The color is what it is on the pictures
camera|Very small and lightweight and takes quality pictures. The color is a little darker and brighter than shown, but it's a very pretty blue color.
camera|I love the form factor of the ELPH by Canon. This is the 3rd ELPH I've bought over the years. With the updates to the lense and photo capabilities the photos and videos just keep getting being. Thanks, Canon.
camera|Although I own an expensive DSLR, I have found this camera to be an important part of my photographic arsenal. It's small, takes excellent images and 1080p video. Combined with a backup battery and a 64gb memory card, it's a winning package.
camera|I bought this camera as a replacement gift based on the performance of the earlier 300 ELPH HS. It is an amazing performer for such a small compact camera.
camera|Other than some fringing when shooting under some indoor lighting conditions, I find this to be a very good P&S.
camera|I've read professional reviews that criticized this camera for things that are not relevant for why I bought this camera. I wanted a small camera with a 24 mm wide angle lens and fast f/2.7 aperture which I could slip in my jeans pocket when I am hiking. It has a 16 mp sensor which gives images great detail and can be enlarged while retaining sharpness. High ISO images lose a little detail, but for my photography I want detail at normal ISO. It's just something you accept when you pack 16mp onto a small sensor; high ISO noise. It's not noticeable until you are at 800 ISO and above. The images are sharp and colors vibrant. It also goes beyond auto mode and enables the user more control in program mode. Battery life was criticized, but I find the battery life quite acceptable. If a larger battery was used that would necessitate a larger profile camera which isn't why I chose this particular p&s.The full HD video is beautiful and has a dedicated button to turn it on and the zoom can be used when using the video. Canon is the accepted leader in point and shoot cameras and this Elph 110 hs reinforced that fact very well. I also have a Canon G9 which I love, but unfortunately doesn't fit in my pocket when I'm hiking :(
camera|Perfect portable camera. Takes great pictures. I love the manual exposure and ISO control and the screen is very vibrant. Video is great too, though there are no manual video settings, but it's very crisp and clean. Best $150 camera I've ever purchased.
camera|The best customer service ans the canon power shot is excellent., pictures are beautiful colors and easssy to carry :-)
camera|I got this for my mom, who is very technology averse; she wants something simple that has one button for turning it on, one to take a picture, and one to see the pictures she's taken...this fits the bill perfectly! It still has some powerful features, but no dial that can accidently get turned and then mom doesn't know what to do. She even started taking videos with the dedicated video button!You can set the auto features on and then hand it over to your parents or grandparents and let them just take pictures!I paired this with the Eye-Fi Connect X2 wireless card and set it up so that when my mom's computer is on and the camera is on (all she has to do is turn on both) the pictures get transferred....a little slow with big files, but totally worth it since she doesn't have to fumble with the little card, the reader, getting to the right drive, then copying them over to the right folder. I was able to get a smaller card (4 GB) since she can transfers whenever she wants.Oh yeah; the picture quality is great too!
camera|HE LOVED THAT IT IS SO LIGHT AND THAT IT WILL BE EASY TO CARRY ON ANY OF OUR TRIPS.
camera|I'm no camera expert or photographer, but the quality and clarity of the photos is exceptional. I really like the camera, and once I learn how to use all of the features it will be even better! Overall, I'm very happy with it and feel that it was a good purchase.
camera|My wife loves it and finds it easy to use and says it never takes a bad picture. Great camera.
camera|I recently ruined the camera I was using--a Canon Powershot A3100 IS. I loved that camera and was sad when it was accidentally dropped and ruined. I was looking for a replacement and did quite a bit of research before settling on this model (Canon Powershot ELPH 110 HS). Most of the reviews for this model were very positive. I ran an online comparison between it and several other models and brands. I wanted a point & shoot because it's easier for me to use. (I have a form of rheumatoid arthritis) This camera is smaller than anything I've owned before, but I absolutely love it. One of the features that has impressed me and caught my eye on other reviews is the wide angle lens it possesses. This allows more light into each shot and the pictures I've taken so far have been impressive. They are crisp, clear, and the colors are extremely vivid. It's very similar to the Canon 3100 I owned, so figuring out how to use it has been a breeze.If you are looking for a great point & shoot that takes clear shots with relative ease, this is the camera for you. I'm excited to try out the video feature--I haven't had a chance to use it yet, but with the grandkids coming this weekend, I'll be sure to give it a good workout.
camera|The previous Canon camera was made from metal..this one appears to look like metal but maybe be a high density plastic...the screen is a big bigger....and the quality of the pictures and video appear to be good. With regards to the case....if you drop it, whether metal or plastic....it may not survive anyway....it is light weight...does what you expect....my last Canon was great..but had some problem after one year of use....it was out of warranty...so to buy a refurbished one was the same price as the ELPH 110 HS...so it was a now brainer...also using the Amazon Visa card...the savings was an additional $30.00 for card usage...It is exactly what you would expect....this is the third digital camera I bought from Canon...I still have the first one...and it still going strong...that one has a view finder...the newer models...more pixils...bigger screen....and changes in the casing....You will enjoy this camera...no problems...just do not drop it....
camera|Perfect camera to replace using iphones with low battery life. The picture quality is wonderful. I bought this for my daughter and she loves it.
camera|I have recently received camera and its perfect. I have tested it and it is very very high quality camera. it takes perfect full hd videos. it stabilizes image during video recording. Smart AUTO feature is working very well. taken pictures are very high quality and perfect. In complete dark in room it takes pictures like it is day. battery charger charges battery very good. charge time was approximately 1:45 hour. File transfer speed to pc is very fast.I also recommend to buy "Power2000 NB-11L Replacement Lithium-Ion Battery, 3.6 volt 900mAh, for Canon Powershot ELPH 110 HS Series Cameras" and "Case Logic TBC-302 FFP Compact Camera Case (Black)" with this camera. this case is very good too. it has additional little pocket.You cant find digital camera with 16.1 mp and Full HD video with this price (also I could not find this features on higher priced cameras too). I think this is better camera than its newer models.
camera|This is an INCREDIBLE little camera. The QUALITY and CLARITY of the pictures and videos is just unbelievable. I cannot say enough about this camera...BUY IT!!! You will NOT regret it!!!
camera|This is an outstanding camera! It is durable, and built to last. I use this camera for some pictures but mostly for video and for chroma key. It takes outstanding video for what it is and using it for chroma key couldn't be easier. I would totally recomend this to anybody that wants a nice little camera for the money.
camera|I like the picture quality on this camera. I felt that the material of the buttons felt a bit cheap (they wiggle, and seem too flat) but other than that it is a good point and shoot.
camera|muy buena y compacta, excelente tama&ntilde;o. buen enfoque y captura......... recomendada muy manejable para congelar momentos importantes, es todo para una c&aacute;mara domestica
camera|Needed a new pocket camera. This one is quite amazing and a big upgrade in picture quality from 4 year old camera that I've been using up until now. Great video in 1080p, but the best feature IMO is the low light picture quality this camera gets. Along with the wide angle lens, this makes a for a great travel pocket camera. I personally do not like carrying around DSLRs with giant lenses all over the place.I've also gotten quite a few complements on the slick design of the camera as I've been traveling. The camera really feels great in your hands.I picked this up on sale for $100 a bit before Christmas time. For the price I don't think there is any camera that is comparable in quality.
camera|Canon powershots are the best shoot and go cameras. Their pictures are sharp and clear, and easy to work. I love the color.
camera|Very nice camera the pics are just stunning. Sometimes hard to believe that this little camera can capture such vibrant and high quality pics. Gives users alot of control and also has a automatic function for noobs that just wanna take take great pics but aren't camera smart
camera|This camera works good. I had a dead battery and had top order more but if you don't put the battery in correctlythe camera will not work.
camera|Got this for my wife for Christmas. So far she hasn't found anything she doesn't like. The battery life could be a little better though.
camera|Small, but powerful! Great second camera for quick shots. Fits in my pocket for easy access. Excellent picture quality. Plus its a good value.
camera|Small, takes great pics even in low light, not at all hard to use as explained by some. just point click and boom good pics! good battery life. would purchase again, just wish I would have gotten in pink although black is ok too :0)
camera|I found that this is exactly what I was looking for in a camera. It takes high qulity pictures and video!
camera|I've only had it two days, but so far am very satisfied. I've taken several test pictures indoor hand held without a flash in different levels of lighting with and without zoom. I'm well satisfied with the clarity.I wanted a point and shoot camera that would take good pictures in a variety of lighting situations. It does what I wanted it to do.There are a number of manual settings, but I haven't done any checking on that.
camera|I have several cameras but this is one that you will not leave behind. Great camera at a reasonable price.
camera|Ease of use; photos are sharp; colors are bright; easy to transfer to computer. Will take on vacation this month where I will find out how great it is when I take over 500 pictures. Easily carried in my purse or my husband's shirt pocket - a real plus.
camera|This camera is great for the price. It takes sharp pictures at very close range. The HD video is also very nice. No problems with this camera.
camera|We purchased this for a friend to replace their old powershot. It had horrific autofocus and was worthless. This new model is superb as all the photos we get back from her are sharp, clear, vibrant and amazing.
camera|I bought this camera for my husband for Christmas, and so far it has been an awesome little machine. It takes beautiful photos, has some really cool features, and really it is just an all-around great point and shoot. I highly recommend it.
camera|Got this for my girlfriend to replace the one that was stolen from her. She loves it. I finally did something right for once!
camera|This camera shoots very nice pictures. The zoom works very nicely. I especially like that this camera has a battery that charges. I bought this for my daughter and like the concept of the charging battery, so I asked for a camera also. My camera was bought at Costco. I got the camera, memory card and a carrying case for the same money that I spent on Amazon. Although at Amazon, I was able to pick a color. So read carefully--the memory card is NOT included. I had missed that, but again the camera takes very nice pictures.
camera|Bought this camera because I gave my old Canon SD880is to my brother and bought a bigger, better camera. Now, I don't use the bigger, better camera at all because it's just too cumbersome. I'm not trying to create art, I just want to snap great shots of my kids and surroundings!This camera is incredibly lightweight, will absolutely fit in a pocket when we're out and about, hiking, traveling, etc. and that's really what I need. It also has HD video capability which is AWESOME and with my 16GB memory card, I have around 10,000 pics I can take without filling it up. I plan on getting a spare battery too, so I don't have to worry about that when we're on vacation etc.All in all, love the Canon brand, and I'd recommend this camera to anyone wanting a simple to use, point-and-shoot camera for their everyday pics.
camera|It takes too long for the screen to recover after taking a picture. Not alot of choices of scenes e.g. sport or landscape.
camera|Canon cameras are the BEST I really like this one and all the cool effects that have like the color accent and vivid color
camera|This camera was purchased as an alternative to my Canon T3 - for those times when it's more convenient to carry the camera in my pocketbook. The pictures seem to be good, zoom is also good. Only concern was that I expected better photos during low-light situations & that is not typically the case.
camera|Beatifull, small perfect for a fast need, no complains at all, i will recommend it. i love cannon cameras, thanks
camera|It's a Canon. These are great little camera's with plenty of pixels for any type of user. Takes really nice pictures and I haven't even begun to use all of the feature sets yet. This was a present for my girlfriend. She loves the color and was very impressed by the gift too. Thanks,
camera|I bought the 110 because it does not have the touch screen as on the 320. Screens fade with time and in direct sun light that could be a problem for my eyes. I like that you can shoot your pictures in 16:1 wide screen. When you use a picture for the back ground on your desk top it is not distorted or cut off. Also displays perfectly on a flatscreen tv. The pictures so far have been great. Ability to shoot HD movies is a nice plus. Every where you go on the internet people talk about how much better digital SLR cameras are. I like little cameras because I can have this in my pocket to use or not. No questions about why you are bringing a camera along and all that. It has been my experience that people are less shy about being in a photo when the camera is small. The camera does NOT come with a memory chip! Buy a class 10 SD XC Transcend chip. XC is a better choice over HC. 16GB is a good size. HD movies use huge amounts of memory. The way I understand it 16GB will hold about 1 hour of HD video clips and less if you already have pitures in the camera. Just an update 7/22/12...superfine compression does not seem to be availible in auto-mode? I can only select it in program-mode. My neice wants a camera for her birthday. No brainer for me, I just ordered her the same camera in red with a red case-logic case.
camera|This Camera takes amazing outdoor shots. So if you're taking this on a hike or somewhere outdoor this is a great camera. Fast focus and colors are accurate. HD video is amazing at 24 frames-per-second that gives you a movie-feel. Camera is also Very Slim and compact. It has a large beauitful LCD screen. I like the dedicated video recording button so you don't have to switch or else you'll miss your video shot.Indoor photos (without flash) were ok.I took it to a kid's birthday party and without flash, pictures were blurry. But of course, you have to hold it steady or put it on a tripod. I can't live with blurry photos so I have to add in flash, but there's the thing, the flash is to close to the lens that 8 out of 10 shots I see a black pie shape shadow on the lower right color. I took pictures of food up close with flash and the black spot on the corner totally ruins the picture. Ok, so now I read other people's review that addressed this issue. It's a design issue. Now I see that most of the newer high end Canon Point-and-Shoot has a Pop-up flash.Another thing I feel that shouldn't had been done were the very flat-flush buttons which are not so easy to press down. It should have a slight bump because my thumb feels sore having to browse through the pictures and the menus.The videos are amazing outdoor but the zoom totally ruins it with noticeable motor noise.The video indoor recording is great when you're zoomed out, but zooming it the exposure is having difficulty lighting up subjects so you go from bright to dim as you zoom up close.Video files are about 1 min = 400 MB recorded in MOV file. It is quite large for my taste, and I don't want to lower the resolution because I paid for the 1080p full HD recording. Uploading it will take some times, too.
camera|Pros: Speedy! Larger, much higher resolution LCD than in my Canon PowerShot ELPH 1300IS. Takes terrific images. Blue skies are really blue, even when I snap a photo from a shady place. For me, image quality is the main factor I consider when shopping for a camera in my price range.Cons: Ergonomically inferior to, for example, the Canon PowerShot ELPH 1300IS. I wish the edges of the camera weren't so square. Has a cheap feel to it. This camera makes it more cumbersome to delete an image. It requires more steps.
camera|Bought this for my wife to leave in her purse. It's very compact. I mainly shoot with a Nikon DSLR and Olympus m43 Pen. Let me first say, don't compare this to an SLR or even an m34 camera. It's just not even close when you examine the pictures at 100%. With that out of the way, it's not bad. If you only view it as large as a 1080p monitor, the pictures show sharpness and plenty of detail. White balance and color tone is good. The corners are soft, but that is expected. The one big negative to me is the video zoom. When shooting video and zooming in and out, the lens is very noisy. There is a loud film-like continuous clicking sound that's very audible in the video. I was hoping this can replace my 1080i camcorder but it's obvious the video can only be used in spots here and there when zoom is not needed during a shoot. Otherwise, the video quality is surprisingly good.Some tips:Auto mode won't allow Super Fine image settings.Try to shoot in Program mode at ISO 100-200, there is noticeable degradation in quality above 200.
camera|this is a great compact camera, with great still images, neat slow motion features. Battery life could be better, with an only 680 mah of power... my new Nikon has a battery with over 1200 mah, and I haven't even noticed a decrease in life yet from new state and I've shot over 20 minutes of video with it already.My only quirk about this Canon camera is the video. As a YouTube content creator, this camera is not a good idea. Everytime, recording in either 720p or 1080, it seemed to happen when the camera adjusted exposure while doing video... the sound would cut out / skip for a split second, but it was very noticeable in the audio. Thinking it was my class 6 HD PNY SD card, I tried another card, and it did the exact same thing when adjusting exposure, it made the audio skip, and I can't have this in my videos cause it is very annoying and happened so many times in a latest video its irritating. Not sure why this happens with this camera but I love the video my Nikon takes, plus it tells you how much time is left to record, (29 minutes) which is way more than this camera, your lucky to be able to record 7-8 straight minutes of video before it stops automatically, and it doesn't even tell you how much time you have left when recording a single straight video (max is 4GB file but it never notifies you when this is getting near reached)Overall, if you just want it for the photos, it will do, but if you plan to use the video feature, don't be too surprised when it's not what you expect.
camera|My 1 1/2-year-old Canon 300 HS developed a flaw in mid-September 2012. The doors covering the lens that are supposed to open when you turn on the camera started getting stuck. Lubricating the doors with a small amount of light oil didn't help. I sent the camera to Canon last spring and had them repair the same problem under warranty. But six months later it has arisen again, and the camera is now out of warranty. I don't know if it is my fault -- the camera has some tiny dings in the metal donut around the lens -- but it had them back in the spring and they were still on the camera when it was returned to me in working condition. Because any repair is likely to cost at least $100, or more than half the cost of a replacement, and the problem may still recur, I decided to just buy a new camera.The closest replacement is the Canon 110 HS, $180 at Amazon at the time of my purchase (the 300 HS was nearly $300 when I bought it). It has a CMOS sensor (important for better low-light pictures), 5x optical zoom, an F2.7 24mm (wide-angle) lens, optical image stabilization, and takes both 720p and 1080p hi-def video, just like the 300 HS. Where it is different is that although the case is exactly the same size as the 300 HS, the screen is a little larger, it offers what appears to be a lower-compression jpeg storage option ('superfine' versus 'fine,' compared to 'fine' and 'normal' on the 300 HS), it has a 16 megapixel sensor instead of 12, and the battery and charger are different from the ones in previous Canon pocket cameras.I have a minor criticism (and a major one shown below). Increasing the pixel count is not necessarily a good thing. Having 16 megapixels is silly for a pocket camera that most people use for casual and family photos. We share photos mostly by email and on sites like Facebook using around 1 megapixel, and you can print a good 4x6 photo with around 1.5 megapixels. You can even print a good 8x10 with 2.5 or 3 megapixels -- more pixels simply don't show in the print. Moreover the higher-megapixel pictures take more room on your hard drive and take your computer longer to edit. The only time I find extra megapixels useful is when I'm stuck with the pocket camera in a superzoom situation and I'm forced to use digital zoom or have to deeply crop the image in the computer. It doesn't happen very often. Some people say that putting more megapixels in the same-size sensor leads to more image noise or more aggressive noise reduction, which in turn leads to less-sharp pictures. This may be true but I have compared photos from my 300 HS with the 110 HS, and have not seen evidence of greater noise or less-sharp images in this camera.In order to mitigate the hard-drive-space problem and reduce processing time I've set the camera to use only 8 megapixels for ordinary photos. I have a superzoom camera for situations (like sports) where I want a lot of usable pixels in the subject. At 8 megapixels the 110 HS performs remarkably well. If the situation warrants, it is easy enough to switch back to 16 megapixels.My major criticism is about the battery and this is the reason for giving the camera only 4 stars. Canon changed the battery and the charger and they are not compatible with older equipment. This information is shown in the camera description but I glossed over it -- if I had noticed it I would have considered moving to another brand of camera since my old stock of Canon-compatible batteries and chargers would no longer be useful. If the new battery (called NB 11L) were larger or had greater capacity than the old, I might regard the change as desirable, but they have in fact moved in the other direction. There may be some design constraint in the new camera that I don't know about which left less room for a battery. If so it is not obvious. I was tempted to return the camera for this reason, but decided to keep it because it is, after all, a very good camera.
camera|I have been through a number of 300 HS over the last year, namely because I vlog daily with it (video blog) and that takes a toll on these cameras. I took one in to be repaired and they sent me back the newly released 110 HS model since they had just discontinued the 300 HS.While the photo quality on the 110 HS seems to have taken a nice little bump up in improvement, the video has take a serious downturn as compared to the 300.The sound is just terrible. It picks up all hand movement on the camera, the zoom button sound, and it also seems to have trouble adjusting between far away and close in sounds. It sometimes sounds completely muted, like maybe wind noise reduction kicked on for some reason and then when someone talks close by you only hear muffled noise (and my hand is NOT over the mic). Its frankly horrible. I was seriously disappointed the other day in the mountains when we had elk communicating back in forth around us, they were quite loud (the equivalent of someone talking), and when I downloaded the video it picked up NADA. There was no wind, it was completely still, but nothing. I cannot even enhance the audio to pick it up.The auto focus while videoing I thought would be better as it seemed to pick things up quicker to focus on then the 300, but instead, it just adjusts constantly. So you can be sitting completely still and it will randomly focus on your face, then on the background, then back to your face again. So tired of thinking I got a shot only to find out halfway through it decided to focus on something else for awhile. So while the 300 HS had some delays in its focus time, I would take that any day over the random changes of the 110 HS.Lastly, the camera body quality has also taken a serious nose dive. While the 300 seemed sturdy and solid, the 110 feels cheap and flimsy. Hard to describe, but pick up both cameras and you will see.I may take the 110 HS in to see if the audio issues I am experiencing are a manufacture defect, but I do know for sure that the auto focus is an issue with these cameras in general based on other videos I have seen.
camera|My wife loves the shutter speed in order to take pictures of our kids which are constantly moving. A lot of fun.
camera|I bought this to replace a Canon ELPH 300 HS, essentially similar, which became defective after 15 months and several thousand photos.My main criterion originally was the very wide field of vision, which is about as wide as you will find in compact camera. The picture quality is good. It is very good in low light. The tiny flash is remarkably effective, but it is easy to get a finger in front of it. Color balance (&#34;white balance&#34;) is good, and is selected automatically for the light source. Beyond that, you can set the color balance manually.The range of capabilitie is enormous, and it will take you a while to learn to use them. It is a point-and-shoot camera, but if you press the wrong buttons, it may take a while to figure out how to restore the camera to operating the way you want.The package is very small and light, easily carried in a pocket.The main caution is the auto-focus, which can be slow under certain lighting conditions. We discovered this with our previous ELPH, when we noted that some pictures had a degraded resolution, while usually the pictures were sharp. The solution is to press the shutter release partially until the camera has finished auto-focusing, and only then press the rest of the way.The lens has some barrel distortion, especially at the widest angles. This means that the center of the image bulges outward somewhat. This is most noticeable in pictures involvings straight lines, such as the sides of buildings.If you buy the camera, get a couple of extra batteries. The battery type is unusual, and you will need at least one spare on a long outing. The camera comes with an appropriate battery charger.The camera does not come with a case. The Case Logic TBC-302 FFP fits it perfectly.
camera|I bought this camera mainly for a concert I was going to and didn't want the low quality of my phones camera. I also did not want to spend more than $200. I could not have gotten a better camera for the price!I am very happy with my Canon PowerShot ELPH 110 HS and how my pictures are coming out. I spent some time before using it going through the menu and there are a lot of picture settings. Do yourself a favor. Don't get overwhelmed. Take your time, play around with them, and you'll pick it up very quickly! I had always used Sony cameras in the past so it took some time to adjust.The features I liked the most (and the main reason I went with the ELPH 110 HS) were the low light and multi burst settings. I got some amazing shots on both settings that I would never have with my cell phone camera or most other point and shoots.The one negative for the camera is the mic for video is very low quality. I tried shooting some videos of the show and I could not make out most of the audio (but then again I am in Video Production so I am picky when it comes to sound and video).If you are looking for something with good quality, lots of features, and not wanting to break the bank, this is the camera!
camera|ARRIVED QUICKLY. GOOD PRICE AND TOP QUALITY AND EASY TO USE. PHOTO QUALITY EXCELLENT. DOWNLOADING IS EASY TO USE. DON'T LET YOUR GRANDCHILDREN PLAY WITH IT THOUGH. cAMERA DOESN'T HANDLE DROPPING WELL.
camera|its a good camera with excellent mega pixels. Sharp pictures. so far i like it no complain so far. Easy to use.
camera|I've owned quite a few Canon PowerShots and a couple have been disappointing but this one is all around excellent.
camera|This is a great deal, a great little camera! If you are looking for a good digital camera to cover the basics this it.
camera|I remembered very quickly the complaints from my friends who use these types of cameras- the delay before the picture is taken ... Usually the moment you want captured is lost, especially when trying to photograph animals. Oh well, I like the small size and the picture quality when I finally get a picture worth keeping.
camera|I was looking for a camera that would take better pictures of my little grandkids who are always on the move. I thought this was it - but it isn't. It's better than my older camera, but the shutter speed is still to slow for them!! I have since been told that the only way to have that instant shutter is to spend a LOT more and have to deal with settings etc. It does take some nice videos. It's capable of HD video but when we downloaded the HD onto our computer and viewed them they looked jerky-- and looked normal after we had them compressed. What a pain that would be to do every time! After that we found a setting in the camera to change the video so it was not taking them in HD. Works great, looks great. Also realized that using the camera in manual mode instead of &#34;auto&#34; works better for most things. There is lots for me to learn yet on this camera but I think it is good value that should be great for what I need in a camera.
camera|Value for the price is outstanding. Takes wonderful pictures and has many features for special effects. Really like the ability to recharge the battery. Comes with the charger which is a plus.
camera|It is still new and I am still learning the details but so far, so good! I plan on using it and enjoying it.skcarmichael
camera|Bought just before Christmas and took on a trip. Have been using a Nikon L20 for some years and figured I needed an up grade. I'm very happy with this buy. Have compared on Snapsort and the L20 got a 25 & the Canon 110HS got a 63. Seems to be a nice buy if what you are looking for is a good clear picture. I didn't need and don't want GPS or touch screen etc. I compared the other ELPH cameras with the 110HS and they didn't rate as well. Why spend hundreds more for a camera that does not take as nice of pictures. I figure if it works out of the box on the 1st charge it should be a good one. I have read where they were dead out of the box. Seems this is how everything is made these days. Sort of a crap shoot. Was looking at the S100 Canon but by the looks of them there is something wrong. They came out at $495 a year ago and are as low as $245. The S95 is still $350 or more. Is this telling us that the S95 is a better camera? My 110HS is probably a better camera for clear shots than the S100.
camera|I've had several Canon PowerShot ELPHs over the years, in different series. My daughter took my last camera with her to college, and I wanted a new one for the upcoming holidays. I've always liked these Canon cameras, so I looked at what was available, and their prices. I think this one is my favorite of them all. Light-weight, easy to hold, simple to use, AND . . . it takes great pictures, which is really what I'm after. The downside? My daughter used it at Christmas, and loved it! I had to say &#34;no,&#34; I'm keeping THIS one!
camera|I really wanted to love this camera. It's small, lightweight, great in low light and it comes in the light pink color that I like. It also has a fast shutter speed and the picture quality is so clear and sharp. The best picture quality I've ever seen in a point and shoot. However, the sound when zooming in during video is noticeable. Also, there is a big brown curved shadow at the bottom right hand corner when using the flash. I called Canon and they said this is a known issue because the flash is close to the lens. I've seen this happen in other cameras but not to this extent. The shadow is very big and noticeable. Lastly, the pictures come out very noticeably warped/stretched on the sides. People on the sides look like they've been stretched by one of those carnival mirrors. So I'm sad to say that I'm returning this camera (after trying two of them out). My search for a good point and shoot continues. It seems like newer cameras are not as good as the old ones (most of which have been damaged and I really also just want another camera as a backup). I've tried different brands at different price points and I'm still not happy with anything.
camera|Light, easy to use and carry aroud. Takes good sharp pictures. I like the HD video feature and found it very clear even at night. Disadvantages are the zoom is not much and the battery dies fast if the video feature is used. Recommend 32GB SDHC card and a spare battery for video.
camera|This is by far the worst camera I ever owned. All images appear to be out of focus and underexposesd with very soft details and distorted colours. I bought it in August last year and since then I experimented with both automatic and programmed features ourdoors and indoors and regardless of what I tried the rate of success was at best at 10% or lower. For a long time I blamed it on myself and read the manaual multiple times but everything I tried yielded the same unanacceptable results.Canon PowerShot ELPH 110 HS 16.1 MP CMOS Digital Camera with 5x Optical Image Stabilized Zoom 24mm Wide-Angle Lens and 1080p Full HD Video Recording (Black)
camera|I bought this camera for $199 Saturday August 3, and looked again the next day and the price had dropped by $30. Thankfully I was able to cancel the order and order the camera at the lower price. The camera is impressive for normal home use, but one thing really puzzles me and that is I bought the 16 gig memory card and found out that much memory will only give you 1 hour of HD movie recording, this is, no doubt, due to the .MOV format. Come on Cannon, you can do better than that, MPEG 4 as far as I can tell is free..I am very dissapointed as managing with this aspect as files this large eat up a large amount of memory not only on your camera but your computer as well.
camera|My daughter wanted a compact camera to carry with her all the time. She is in a Photography class so I wanted to get her one that was compact but also gave the user a lot of control over things like exposure and other adjustments. This camera so far has fit that bill. My daughter stated that even her teacher of the photography class was impressed by so much camera in a little package
camera|The camera comes with a cd for instructions for use and many other features that can be accessed only if you have a newer computer. Not available for imac osx 10.4.11. Would not have purchased this camera if they would have made it known the requirements needed to use all functions.
camera|Pretty much any camera without a viewfinder is useless in bright sunlight. (Canon used to have very good A-series cameras with optical viewfinders but they cheapened out the A-series when they created the G and the SX lines.) Yes, you can get a longer zoom like on Canon PowerShot SX260 HS 12.1 MP CMOS Digital Camera with 20x Image Stabilized Zoom 25mm Wide-Angle Lens and 1080p Full-HD Video (Black) which is a very good travel cam. But when you can't really see what's happening on the sunlit-washed LCD most other camera features are candy.I bought this camera to travel with for a trip this summer. I also have a great micro 4/3rd camera with an electronic VIEWFINDER Panasonic DMC-G5KK 16 MP Compact System Camera with 14-42mm Zoom Lens and 3-Inch LCD (Black) but I'm not packing that into the Amazon jungle. The Elph 110 is my travel cam, small enough to fit into a Pelican waterproof case, and cheap enough that I won't cry is something happens to it.The camera features are pretty good. This is pretty basic, no optical viewfinder, no shutter priority (Tv/S) or aperature priority (Av/A) modes. You have limited but adequate settings for a tiny P&S. The color rendition is pretty good. The camera is fairly well laid out. Ergonomically though this model does not have a spinning mode dial like on the SX160 and other Canons. This means moving through the menu system is SLOW. The buttons are inlaid on the back body which is good making it unlikely you will hit them by accident. But having them indented AND no spinning mode means you spend way too much time changing settings. And the menu button itself is tiny. With the word Menu below, not on the button, you may find yourself pressing in the wrong place.Based on images posted on the Internet before my purchase I was concerned about image sharpness. If you go to the Canon website and look at the sample photo for this camera of the girl with red hair, you will have a very hard time finding out what is actually in focus and what is sharp. That image on the Canon site is very fuzzy and not a great representation of what you can get with this camera. From shots I've taken image sharpness is adequate but may vary based on individual unit within the same model. My photos look fine but many of those from this model camera on flickr, amazon, and elsewhere on the Internet do not look that sharp. There is a sharpness setting in my colors/custom that can boost the results.The largest IQ problem with this camera is that it tends to overexpose by 1/3 - 2/3 stop when used outdoors. This might just be a problem with my copy but it does show up in a good percentage of photos. Shooting outdoors would be the first thing I would check after getting this camera. You can adjust through EV overrides and by trying out different scene modes. But seriously this kind of problem should not be present in any modern P&S.Summary: If you want a small very pocketable P&S, don't need a long zoom range, and can live without a viewfinder, this is one of the best picks at currently ~$150 as of this review. If you want a longer zoom then Canon PowerShot SX160 IS 16.0 MP Digital Camera with 16x Wide-Angle Optical Image Stabilized Zoom with 3.0-Inch LCD (Black) or Canon PowerShot SX260 HS 12.1 MP CMOS Digital Camera with 20x Image Stabilized Zoom 25mm Wide-Angle Lens and 1080p Full-HD Video (Black) would be the next steps up both in IQ, size, functions, and zoom.Competition: I had looked at the Sony and Panasonic models and done alot of research online. I spent some time with the Sony and Canon models at Target. I use dpreview.com and the jpeg image comparison and go to center and all the corners of the photos to get an idea. I also use imaging-resource.com and look at their images in detail. Early on I thought I was going to get a Panasonic as all my other cameras are Panasonic. But I don't care for the latest Panasonic menus and some very hit and miss IQ and handling across the lower end of their line these days. I like Sony menu's better but don't care for Sony ergonomics. In P&S I think Canon is currently doing the best job in providing a variety of good models. And Canon's IQ on the lower end has really improved in the past few years. (One exception is the Elph 300 which has very poor corner sharpness, almost increadibly bad).
camera|I love this camera, unfortunately it keeps coming up with 'lens error, camera shuts down automatically'. Because its under warranty, canon has replaced it, great for them, but at this point, I'm on the 5th camera in a year, 3 since August. Obviously a huge defect but they won't refund, just replace. Hate to switch because I do love the settings, quality of pictures, and features, but i use the camera for school and family and can't risk being without it. Lens error excluded, this has been my favorite camera.
camera|I bought this camera to replace a 5 year old Canon digital camera. This camera is excellent and meets all my needs. I was surprised at the automatic features that focus on distant objects when zooming. I have solar film on some windows that caused problems with the older camera. Between the camera features and the included software, I am now able to take photos through the film and get OK pictures of the animals passing through the yard. The larger camera screen also makes it a lot easier to see the target with my older eyes.
camera|i love this camera. i feel like a professional when taking pictures. takes awesome sharp high quality pics. and if you hold the snap button it takes pictures none stop fast. everyone likes my camera. today at the lake we had baptsim and there was many people taking pictures with all the camera.s and people said my camera stood out the most out with the most nice sharp pics.
camera|It arrived just in time for my trip to Italy. It's lightweight, easy to use and takes great pictures. I recommend this product if you want a camera that's compact and perfect for travelling.
camera|I purchased this last year when I couldnt find my other small P&S camera. After first I didn't really care for it but when I actually played with it and learned the settings I loved it. I took it to St Thomas this past year and honestly it did better nature, landscape, etc shots than my 1500.00 camera scroll to the bottom of this link and you can see examples [...]
camera|If you want a professional-grade camera, but don't want to spend thousands of dollars on DSLR and complicated lenses, then this piece is for you. Even photography snobs would agree that this is a hidden gem in the world of digital shots. Canon is a classic brand, and this camera lives up to its name. The picture quality is outstanding at any time of day, even in low light. The camera has a lot of neat features that will make your photo-capturing experience a fun one, but it may take you a while to figure it all out - even a tech-savvy person can be overwhelmed by the new features. Battery life works well for recreational use, but if you're serious about your work, you may want to carry a spare. Love the compact size - very easy to transport, but be careful not to scratch the screen. Overall, this is a fantastic camera and I would recommend it to amateur photographers, as well as seasoned vets. This year's best kept secret: although they may turn their noses up, deep down they secretly crave the Elph!
camera|i LOVE THE CAMERA. i HAD BEEN LOOKING FOR A CAMERA THAT WOULD FIT IN MY PURSE ON VACATION. iT IS PERFECT.
camera|Purchased for several reasons. Planning trip to do some snorkeling. Purchase camera cause it can be placed in a waterproof case in order to photograph underwater. Camera takes good pictures and is easy to use.
camera|We have a high end, expensive digital camera, but I wanted something small enough for my purse or pocket that would take quick easy pictures. I didn't want a camera that required me - or in my case- grandchildren to stand still. I am very happy with this camera. I was able to shoot 100's of pictures on one battery over the course of several days. I bought backup batteries - and was pleased with the overall battery life and quality of photos.Now that my vacation is over, I still carry it in my purse and take pictures of wildlife and scenery.It's a great little camera for someone that just doesn't want to mess with settings, lenses or the bulk of higher end digital cameras. I gave it five stars because it does EXACTLY what I needed it to do: take quick and quality pics as a 'point-and-shoot'.
camera|Even in low lighting The Canon Delivers full HD. For $140, This is the deal of the year for me.
camera|I purchased this camera for my husband, who kept taking and using MY Canon PowerShot. My husband is a die-hard Sony-lover, but after he gave me my PowerShot for my birthday, he was totally hooked on it. The quality of the pictures is amazing and the camera is fairly easy to use. Plus, it's durable - I've dropped mine a few times and it hasn't gotten damaged at all.
camera|It's really a very good camera. Best there is. The software bad. They had a very good software on the earlier models. Even though is very easy to use... is just not worth installing it. Windows utility does the same thing.I used to have a Powershot A620 and the software not only downloaded the pictures from the camera it renamed them with a more recognizable file name, like &#34;Sandras 2010 Birthday_01&#34;, Sandras 2010 Birthday_02&#34;, etc... instead of &#34;img987601&#34;, &#34;img987602&#34;, etc...Believe me it makes a difference when you have more than 25 pictures to download from the camera. Or when you see the picture files on your hard drive.
camera|I bought it for my wife for Christmas, and it has the perfect blend of simple point and shoot for her, and options to play with for me.
camera|I purchased this camera in July 2012 and have used it almost daily, as I am a mother of a one year old and I have to capture *every* moment! I bought a case for it and kept it in pristine condition...and then I accidentally dropped it while taking it out of the case and the lens would not retract back in. It will still under warranty, so I contacted Canon and they told me to send it in for repair. They quoted me $194 to fix the camera! I paid $199 for it brand new. A very costly accident on my part, and although I REALLY loved this camera, I am currently searching on Amazon for a more durable brand.
camera|The camera is really light, small and easy to work with. The quality of pictures are great, bright and natural. The only problem is its battery which is very weak. I just got 20 pictures and the battery was dead!!!!
camera|Bought this as a gift for a family member and she LOVED it. She was snapping pictures as soon as she got it out of the box.
camera|I was looking for a good successor to my beloved Sony 8.1 megapixel point-and-shoot and found it here. This is my first dealing with Canon, and I am greatly impressed. This camera has a solid feel for something so small, easy user controls and very intuitive automatic features. Shooting video in 1080HD is fantastic and simple. It's very nice to have an HDMI connection built in to view everything on the big screen. Pictures and video always turn out great, even with a novice using the camera. At this price point I would have liked to see a Panorama feature (stitching multiple shots together in 180 or 360 degrees) like comparable Sony cameras can, but with all of Canon's other great attributes it certainly wasn't a deal breaker.
camera|overall, i am pretty happy with this new camera. having been an owner of canon powershot sd780is it was important to me that the camera would be compact and pretty. i love the pink color and it's small and compact enough- not as small as my previous camera but it still fits into the case i had bought for my sd780is. the quality of the pictures are amazing- i definitely see a huge improvement in my pictures -i set it on auto- i dont know much about picture taking so i rarely use the "P" option and am very happy with the quality of each picture. i love that you can fix red eye on each picture on the camera rather than have to do it once you upload the pics on to your computer (for some reason not every picture is able to be fixed on the camera-not sure why, but most of the time i can. and when i cant on the camera, i am able to do so on the computer with the canon computer program the camera comes with). i also love the toy effect and the other special effects when i actually use the "P" option. the only thing that drives me crazy is that when set on Auto , and flash is required, after taking a pic, it says "busy" and theres a blank screen before even previewing the picture. my sd780is also had this same feature where you have to wait to see the picture but for some reason the few seconds longer it takes on this new camera till i see the picture makes a big difference- i actually notice that i'm waiting to see it. i never noticed this happened on my old camera until i compared the two in how long it takes...the sd780is is like a second or two shorter. i called canon costumer service and the representative tested out the elph110 and agreed with me that my camera is not broken and rather this is just how the camera is supposed to work. because i loved the quality of the pics compared to my old camera, and couldn't figure out what else to buy, and didnt want to deal with the hassle of returning and researching again for a new camera, i stayed with this and i am pretty happy with it. i have small kids so it's annoying that it takes longer to see the pic. i need to see a preview of the pic quickly so that i know whether i have to quickly snap again before my toddler runs away. however, i've had the camera now for about a month and have gotten used to having to wait a few seconds and am still happy with my purchase. i also think the battery life is fine,- again in comparison with the sd780is. i dont find that i am recharging the battery any sooner than i did with my old camera. please take my review with a grain of salt as i am really just comparing it to my old camera which i had been happy with. i am not a professional picture taker.
camera|I love this camera this is our 3rd Elph Power Shot.... they are reasonably priced a take a darn good picture! Even underwater with the underwater case!Pros-Great PicturesLove underwater case accessoryLove the color its never lost in my purseCons -It has a pretty plastic like feel to it but also feels quite light.. depending on what you like... its not to to my liking though!Shutter time can be slow with certain settings or features like blink detection. I'd rather take multiple shots vs miss them...Its a bit thicker than my old Elph but wider lens and longer zoom!
camera|very easy to use, not the best option if you like to configure everything in a very granular way, auto mode is nice and setup for specific environments is ideal, perfect size and shape.
camera|The day time pictures are great. Pictures are sharp, clear and great color. At night, that is a totally different story. Pictures are dark, blurry and completely useless. A friend had a camera, about the same size, but older and that took some half way decent night pictures. The trade off is that the battery life sucked on that camera.Those looking into buying this camera, consider night pictures are not so good with this camera. Day pictures are great and even the video was good. Battery life was so so. Not that great but it was not so bad. On a heavy used day the next day we had to charge it.
camera|I got this to replace the Canon ELPH 300 HS powershot camera which broke (my fault) and i was about to just order the same model when i saw this one was listed as the newer version, at first i found that a bit odd considering it had a lower number 110 vs 300 and logically one would assume that the 300 HS would be the better model....apparently not so. That is the only gripe about the camera to me as it would confuse users of say the 300 HS who might want a replacement or another copy that this is actually the upgraded version. But once you get over that fact its a great little camera.The 300 HS was a wonderful compact camera that took great photos and videos. I had a Canon Rebel DSLR and a HD Camcorder but lugging both around and switching back and forth between the two was a bit much... so i was at best buy one day and though to myself woudnt it be great to find a smaller camera that could take good pictures and HD videos. and thats when i found the 300 HS which has remarkably well image stabilzation (you can walk with the camera while videoing and it remains rather steady considering) and the image quality for photos was a step above most other smaller cameras and video quality was very well too (even inside with less light)The 110 HS is slightly larger but actually lighter then the 300 HS but has a slightly larger screen (3.0 vs 2.7 inch) and a better image processer, the diffrences ive seen so far is the colors seem to be a tad better, macro focus seems to do better a bit too, and it might seem to be a tad more stable when moving with video..the difference honestly to me is not worth a upgrade if you have a 300 HS already as it would do you just fine but if you need a replacement or need to get another copy for youreslf or a family or friend.. this would be it.and you might say well why get this if cell phone cameras (which this is not too much bigger then a cell phone) can take videos and pictures too? Lets be honest most cell phone cameras are sub par compared to pretty much any decent compact stand alone camera thas how they save a bit of money if they shoved a 200 buck camera inside of a cell phone it would cost more. The 110 HS will beat images and videos id say even by the Ipad 3 or iphone 5 simply because this was built from the ground up as a photo/video solution. Cell phone cameras are great for sharing stuff with friends but if you want quality that is not as detailed as a pro camera but better then the average "consumer" camera this would be a good match. which to me makes it useful for photographers as well. just because its a compact doesnt mean you really have to compromise too much (unless you are into manual settings) but i have found using a DSLR vs this camera this one is actually a lot easier to use simply because for the most part its auto mode works perfect, even my canon Rebel XTi had problems with yellowing pictures inside with no flash on auto mode, i usually rarely ever had that problem with the 300 HS and from what i seen so far same with the 110 HS. so think about that. this camera has a better auto mode then some 600 buck DSLR cameras(now i am not saying that for the current Canon DSLR cameras i would hope they would have an updated auto mode too as time has passed)but basically all you need to do with this camera is point and shoot and frame the image right and you'll get great photos that will wow your friends! and great video as well!and the plus with the video as with the Canon 110 HS is the video mode is true 24p which for videographers is a nice plus because it will make the videos look a tad step up from the average compact camera video!also one tip if you have a HD TV or a widescreen 16:9 computer moniter you can set the photos to 16:9 which will make them fit when viewed back on those displays easily (or if you want to integrate them into your HD video using a video editor too!) it can also shoot in other aspect ratios which makes the options nice.also of note the slow motion mode (i didnt test it on here but it should be the same as the 300 HS) is really fun as well!for the size and price you really cant go wrong with this camera, just one suggestion is to get a nice little case for it (the one thats listed with the product underneath works great) to keep it safe and thats what I should have got for my last one haha :-)Somehow i think even though its only just a bit better then the 300 HS its going to inspire to do more video and photos :-) and with the holidays coming up this is the best time to get it!
camera|I can't say how pleased I am with this camera. The quality of the pictures are superb, and the 5x optical zoom is great for getting clear shots of subjects that are further away. The different camera modes are also fun to play with, haha. The battery life is a little short, though, but that's easily remedied by purchasing a couple of spare batteries.I purchased this camera primarily to have a good way to capture my adventures when I study abroad in London this fall, and I don't have any reason to believe that this won't be up for the task! It's compact, easy to use, and gives you great quality photos. I highly recommend it!
camera|I would definitely recommend this for a point and shoot to anybody. Great price for what it has to offer! This does not feel as strong as my previous Canon (which I ironically broke the lense on when I dropped) but still very sturdy, for as thin as it is. The screen is definitely big enough and clear as day. I love almost everything about it but if I had to pick out something to pick on, I would say the low-light shots are not the best.All in all, if this is in your price range, get it:D
camera|This is a really nice camera for the price. I needed a new point and shoot, easy to use camera to take pictures of holidays and various family get-togethers and this fits the bill perfectly. I love the color (light pink) and the rechargeable battery. I love that it is pretty quick when I push the button to take a picture. My last camera took forever and my subjects had to stand posed for far to long to be natural. So I'm VERY happy with that with this camera. It takes super clear photos that my friends were impressed with, even in low light. And interior shots came out just as crisp as exterior. While catching someone moving, it is fair to good depending on the level of movement. Sometimes you couldn't even tell (like talking, general head movement and walking), and on occasion there is a little blur (quick hand movements, running, falling). But then, you can't really expect to get fast moving pictures with a point and shoot, can you?
camera|The Elph 110 HS has cool creative shooting modes. It also has slow-sync flash. It is a lot of fun. I have been shooting photography since the 80's, the auto focus is the biggest problem on cameras under $500, this one has a pretty good auto focus, I was suprised. The color is awesome. The digital zoom is pretty clean and it fosuses ok digitally zoomed. I have had trouble with this on other cameras. The buttons are small though, thats going to be true on any camera this size I guess. I can tell you that this camera absolutely blows away my Nikon L 120. I am very satisfied with this product.
camera|I ordered this camera to replace my Samsung camera that was dying because it was rated so highly. The powershot had several problems- the zoom didn't focus and the camera crops pictures in large steps. I returned this item and ordered a new Samsung
camera|Documentation weak on the camera and computer interface. While easy to remove flash card to transfer pictures, I have not been able to cable transfer.
camera|I didn't like it at first but once I got used to it and took the opportunity to play with the settings more, I found that it really wasn't a bad camera (especially for the price that I purchased it for!)
camera|I upgraded from Powershot 5600 (720p hd) video capability to 1080p hd with this ELPH 110 HS. I take a lot of videos and post to youtube.com and wanted the best video quality possible. this camera also takes great pictures. can't beat it for $119 shipped free. i've been buying canon cameras every 2 to 3 years....not becuase they wear out but becuase technilogy keeps advancing quickly....amazing thing is each camera ends up costing $119...lets face it, no camera phone takes good pictures and videos like these babies.
camera|Great camera with the latest DIGIC 5 image processor. Pictures and videos come out great. Extremely compact and well designed. I prefer this model compared to the touchscreen equivalent Canon PowerShot ELPH 320 HS because it's quicker to use and can be used in bright sunlight.Pros: very compact, DIGIC 5, wide angle lens (24mm), 5x bright zoom lens, 1080p HD video, 3" screen, 16.1 mp, super light & slim, Canon UA lens, lots of creative options, cool self timer options, face ID, Canon Optical Image Stabilization, High-Speed Burst mode at 5.8 frames per second, Super Slow Motion Movie mode, Highlights Reel with 720p Movie Digest mode, tactical controls, and looks and feels great.Cons: not as fast as some cameras. If you don't mind a little extra weight and size, the Canon PowerShot SX260 HS is a superior camera and well worth the slight extra cost. For super compacts this camera can't be beat.Overall, if you want a super compact camera with tons of features, easy to use and at a great price this is the camera for you.
camera|This camera is good for simple picture taking and great auto function and night photos. The bad part is the video's zooming: when it zooms, the mechanical sound can be recorded.
camera|I have owned three elphs now. First one film, second one digital and now this one. Every time the improvements are wonderful. Great pics, nice zoom, easy to use,
camera|This was my 3rd powershot. I bought it because I've loved them in the past, but this one is a definite step down. It seems to have trouble maintaining focus during videos and kept going back and forth between focusing on the subject and some random thing in the background--who cares if I get 1080p if it is blurry. The battery is pretty weak whereas previous Powershots had amazing stamina. My biggest complaint however, is that after only a few weeks of using it I started getting a clicking when zooming and from time to time the lens cover wouldn't open fully and I'd get the dreaded 'lens error' message. Thankfully, I was within the return period. I love many things about Canons, but if they can't get the basics like good focus, then I don't care how many different modes it has (but the movie digest mode is pretty cool).
camera|WARNING ! Don't expect your previous Canon batteries to work in this camera. THANKS Cannon I really wanted to risk going into the field with an untested battery system. You just got your last point and shoot battery dialed in so I Only needed to carry one charged backup for a week or so. SO how manny backups do I need to buy now ? I Wish I had payed more attention. I would have stuck with my beat up older Cannon P&S.
camera|I've had my eye on the Canon Elph 110 ever since publications like Consumer Reports rated it among the top 4 point-and-shoots, just under the perennial favorite "2nd camera" of the pros--the Canon S95. Canon originally had the Elph 110 pegged as a camera coming in below the Elph 300 series and priced closer to $100 than to $200. However, the camera received ratings from professional critics that ranked it in the category of "best of breed." Subsequently, the Elph 110 shot up in price until this moment, as Amazon has pulled off another of its striking value plays, discounting this coveted camera way beneath the prices its commanding from other sellers. Not least of this camera's features--apart from pixels, lens versatility, shot stability and auto settings--is its video capability. Other cameras shoot HD at 780p and at erratic speeds; the Canon 110 captures video at 1080p at 24fps (standard movie speed), and with surprisingly sensitive and spacious sound from its built-in stereo microphone.The question may occur to many: why is Amazon selling this apparently below their cost? Some plausible ponderings are as follows: 1. It's possible the economy is weakening to the point of making a serious dent in "consumer motivation." Certainly a price drop such as this should bump a few more potential buyers in the right direction. 2. Amazon is the most consumer-friendly operation on the internet, routinely selling good products below their cost (e.g. the Kindle Fire HD) to maintain market dominance ("loss leaders" drum up business and moreover lead to additional purchases--the reason your neighborhood drug store has a continually rotating "sale" on various brands of alkaline batteries). 3. Camera sales as a group are beginning to lag, especially now that programs on the new iPhone and iPod Touch 5 boast "cameras" so sophisticated they can instantaneously concoct a near-flawless photo out of 3 flawed attempts. If so, the currently posted price for the Canon Elph 110 may be just enough to remind former camera fans that the dedicated, single-purpose mechanical devices worthy of the designation "camera" are far from obsolete. (Pointing a weightless, thin iPod Touch 5 at a subject feels like holding a credit card in front of their face and saying "cheese." It seems the device should have some sort of written directions: "This IS A CAMERA"! Moreover, depressing the non-existent, "virtual" trigger of an iPod Touch-screen "camera" simply doesn't afford the picture-taker anything like the pleasure and satisfaction of using the real deal, regardless of the finished result. There's no balance, no steadiness, no optical (as opposed to digital) adjustments. In short, there's no camera. It's basically a "program," just another "app."If some of us have little incentive to purchase, despite he current offering and its price, the reason can be traced to Canon itself. We all have little Elves by now. They may be a generation or two old but are still none the worse for wear. On the other hand, it's soon the season for giving, and there are friends and relatives among us who have yet to discover the joys of a real, authentic, "material" camera, which should not be mistaken--not for an instant--for the digital feature that's called a "camera" on people's iPods, iPads, and now Kindle Fires. In memory of the camera, and an American past-time--from Kodak Ponies and Argus C3s to Pentax Spotmatics and Canon Rebels--every citizen deserves to hold in his or her hands a device that not only functions like a camera but "is."
camera|Great camera! Great price! I did extensive research when looking for a point and shoot. My family currently has 3 very good and 1 professional photographer, and we all use Canon. In my research I found this camera to be ranked 2nd and 3rd as the top models at this price point, boy were they wrong!I was going on a road trip and didn't want to lug y camera bag and lenses and bodies around, packing and unpacking everything just for a quick shot of something as we flew by at 75 MPH. I was on the hunt for a point and shoot that had some cool features, didn't break the bank, would easily fit in my pants pocket and not make me look like I was smuggling grapefruit. I also didn't want to be upset if it was lost broken or otherwise go missing like Hoffa. At $130 I would notice it gone but not as painful as the couple thousand if my main camera swam wit the fishes.This little green gem is beyond comparison. I can get effects with it that my DSLR will only do with the help of editing software and i can do it without looking like a tourist. One other surprise is after dropping it twice out of the car I have had no issues, thought I don't recommend you try it with yours.
camera|Bought this camera for my wife as she was goin away on business and needed something small, yet good quality. The camera takes clear shots and the zoom is fantastic. I recommend getting a small tripod to hold the camera with and then take shots on the timer. You cannot go wrong with this model as it is light and easy to use plus has settings that are easy to understand with clear pictures as a result!
camera|I was really excited to get this digital camera, but I was disappointed after using it for a week. I'm not a photographer, but I'm decent when it comes to taking pictures and what to expect. I wasn't expected anything amazing from a point and shoot camera, but I do feel this camera could be a little better.Things I Love About This Camera:- It doesn't take long to turn on the camera and start taking pictures, which I think is really nice.- The HD videos are really nice. I've uploaded a couple to Youtube and you will get the full 1080p resolution as stated. The color in the videos are vibrant, and everything looks great. The audio quality is decent.- It's size is nice. It isn't a hassle to take around with you, which I've been taking it everywhere with me.- It feels like a quality product, expect for the door you open and close to remove/ put in the battery and SD card.Dislikes:- The picture quality wasn't as good as I thought it would be. The pictures aren't blurry, but they're not crisp neither. I feel that it's good at focusing on some things, while it loses quality near the edges of a picture, and I'm not talking about macro neither.- Not having an auto focus feature, for reasons stated above.- I'm not known for having big fingers, but I feel like the buttons are a little hard to push, you have to use more of the tip of your finger to really hit the button.- I don't like that it doesn't come with an SD card, but I assume that's common when purchasing a digital camera.I did a lot of research on this camera before I purchased it, and I only bought it because it was supposed to be one of the &#34;best point and shoot camera's&#34; available, but I disagree. I should have looked around a little more before settling on this camera. It's great for the average person, but not great for those of you who are looking for a point and shoot camera with great quality pictures.
camera|I will start with the positive. I love the compact size of this camera. Start up time was acceptable, however when focusing, the face detector would sometimes locate an object other than the face of the person I'm shooting, and in almost half of my pictures I was getting a yellow cast in the coloring. I tried the same scenes with and without the flash, and using the auto features, and the coloring would still be off. A beige wall came out yellow, skin tones would be off. For this reason I returned my camera. Thankfully, Amazon is a great company to do business with, and my return was a simple process.
camera|I have bought Canon cameras for at least 20 years. I am so disappointed in the images of people with this lens - I just took a picture today of 4 people from a distance of 8 - 9 feet away and the picture looked concave with the people on each end of the group looking stretched out and distorted!!!! Yikes! I am disheartened, sending the camera back and ordering a Sony. Canon, please fix your lens issue - at least offer a compact camera that takes great shots of people! Sheesh!
camera|I purchased this camera to replace my ELPH 450SD which was about 7 years old. I own a Canon EOS60D, but I like to have something small that I can throw in my purse and take with me everywhere.I was very disappointed with the picture quality and shutter lag time. Unless something is completely standing still - don't expect to capture the picture you're looking at. I know the specs say it is a small amount of time - but trust me, either it feels longer or it is longer. Most of my shots are indoors and the camera just didn't fare well to low light and the shutter lag time may have been increased due to being indoors. The pictures were slightly fuzzy - just not sharp.On the plus side - the price was right - but after messing with it for almost a month I decided to send it back. I replaced it with an ELPH 310HS, which is closer to the quality of my ELPH 450 (although that camera still took better pictures.) I would advise you to keep looking and to pass on this camera - unless of course, you only plan on taking pictures outside of flowers on sunny days.
camera|I just received this camera today, so I've only taken a handful of photos with it. So far I don't have any complaints. I have a DSLR so I know my way around a camera, but I wanted something small to carry everywhere so I don't have to lug my DSLR everywhere. I took a few low light shots and they have turned out well enough for a point and shoot.Pros:Picture quality is great for a point and shoot.There are a lot of menu settings that allow you to tweak photos and add different effects.It is small and lightweight.It is simple to use if you've owned other Canon point and shoots before. The menu systems are similar, etc.The tripod mount is near the middle, so the camera can be mounted on a small tripod without tipping one way.Cons:I've noticed that the flash is poorly placed. If you use the flash there's a small bit of the photo near the lower right corner that is dark because of the flash placement. If you use a wider angle than needed the dark spot can be cropped out.I haven't really tested the video yet other than viewing a video on camera. When I get time I'll make a video and load it on the computer to test the quality. There are plenty of test videos on YouTube that show the quality.So far this camera has performed above average as far as the other point and shoots I've owned. I have a Powershot Elph SD1000 that I bought about 5 years ago and my first digital Canon was the Powershot Elph SD100. I have been pleased with all of my Canon camera purchases. The SD100's shutter died on me after about 5 years and then I bought the SD1000. My SD1000 is still working, but I felt like I needed an upgrade. I would highly recommend this camera for someone looking to get a small camera to carry on a daily basis. I will update if I feel I have anything else to add to this review.Edit: I upgraded from 4 to 5 stars because I found that you can change the ISO if you choose program mode. So the only fault I have found with the camera is the flash issue. I would recommend purchasing a 16g class 10 SD card if you want to take video. Right now I have an 8g Class 6 SD card, it works well enough, but I may find myself in a situation where I want to take some video and photos and need more room.
camera|Yah cool, great camera. If you're like me though and you haven't bought a digital camera in 5 years you will be unpleasantly surprised to find that they no longer hold images. Not even a teensy weensy one little picture. That's right folks unlike digital cameras of yore which could at least hold a small cache of photos this device is completely worthless without an sd card. What a joke! I can't give it a low rating though because the camera is good and it was shipped super fast. No picture taking tonight!
camera|We bought this as a gift and the receiver was very happy with the features and the quality of the photos.
camera|I love it.Great picture in such compact digital camera.Easy of use is also plus.Lens cover seems too fragile.
camera|I was so excited to get this camera but was not impressed by it. I tried to use some of options that came with it for editing and don't seen to do it..so not that happy with it!
camera|I'm not a camera buff and have no interest in becoming one, but I looked around before I purchased this and talked to some people as well. They directed me to the ELPH cameras and they were right: for my simple but serious needs, this is a great camera.
camera|Thanks for offer the nice service, even I am not completely like this product.For me, this camera handle the photo's speed is slowly. So i feel disappointed with it.Anyway, the provider do the great job.
camera|I took some indoor pictures but did not like it. It's taking more time to take picture and they are not sharp also.
camera|Camera has been great for my wife and I to use. Neither one of us are techno geeks, so the simple nature of the camera has been great for us. Easy to use, and no longer have to fight the short battery life of our older digital camera.
camera|well, I think I like this product.It is working well, and I am satisfied with this purchasing.Thank you,
camera|This camera is great because it is light weight and takes amazing quality pictures in every lighting. You can choose between different colors as well. It has a 16.1 megapixel, 5x optic zoom, stereo sound video quality and so much more. Great camera! I foudn another one that offers even more though and worth every penny. The difference between the cannon and the Sony is that this one has a 16.2 megapixel making for better pictures and its also waterproof, shockproof and dust proof. I would go with the sony over the cannon.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B006K553AQ/ref=as_li_ss_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=390957&creativeASIN=B006K553AQ&linkCode=as2&tag=wwwworkoutwei-20
camera|The Canon PowerShot ELPH 110 HS is a solid point and shoot camera. I took one star off because the circular navigation buttons on the back can be hard to use if you have large hands. Overall, it's a solid value with a lot of features and it takes great pictures. I'm quite happy.Pros:Crystal clear photosLarge display for taking great photosLots of presets to chooseSmall, but solidCons:The circular navigation buttons can be hard to use if you have large hands
camera|I love the Canon ELPH camermas! This is my third one in the last 10-12 years. I still have my old cameras, but have purchased new ones just because of the upgrades and improvements. Great to carry in your purse or pocket. Great quality pictures! Easy to change settings! Durable casing! I love I'll enjoy this one as much as I have the others!
camera|This is such a great small camera with wonderful pictures. It fits in my purse easily. I am pleased that it can take so many pictures on one battery charging. Plus everything you are going to need comes in the box. No extra purchases therefore, are needed. I had paid for it through a "used" Amazon site, "Ron's Good Stuff". It arrived PROMPTLY (tho I checked the wrong time, in error) and I even had a note from Ron about camera care....it was a brand new never opened box...a good buy!
camera|I'm not hard to please - happy with all my pictures and ease of use so far. Well worth the price.
camera|I have been getting Canon point and shoots for several years now. Unfortunately, my daughter recently broke the one I got last year, and I was using an older model as a temporary replacement, so I needed to invest in a new one sooner than I would have liked. Thankfully, this camera did not disappoint! I've only had it for a few days, but I am thrilled with the quality of the images so far. Inside or outside, it takes crisp, vibrant photos on the automatic setting, which is exactly what I wanted. It also takes great video. Some of the custom settings are really cool too, like the single color with black and white, the miniature effect, and the super slow motion video. I mostly take photos of my children, and for what I need it for (as an untrained but prolific photographer), this camera is perfect. So glad I got it!
camera|This is one of the best cameras I've used. With 16.1 MP, it gives a very clear and crisp picture. The video recording is sharp. All the accessories it came with are fully functional. I would recommend this camera to anyone.
camera|The camera is great. There was a bit of a learning curve to adjust to the features. The photo quality is excellent. The compact size and simplicity are the strong points. The large screen is a major plus.
camera|I choose this rating because I think this product can be improved. The picture quality is great but the shutter speed is too slow so action shots are hard to get. I would also prefer the back to be a full screen instead of a partial screen like in the Sony comparable. My final comment is that when trying to use the telephoto it moves so fast I can never get the telephoto position I want. It is either too large or too small.
camera|This was bought for my mother who loves to traval to graduations, weddings, and performances of her grandchildren. She has a full sized Nikon with multiple lenses, but found it cumbersome, especially when traveling. She wanted the same quality of photo, but in a size she could put into a pocket, or purse. This small versatel camera has fulfilled that need, and has surpassed every expectation ... It is one fantastic camera.
camera|I am really liking this camera. It takes great pictures without flash on the automatic mode! In general it is awesome!
camera|This was a quality purchase and I did a huge amount of research as well as visiting and speaking with reps at both Best Buy and Frys. And I would've actually bought on Amazon had I had more time before going on vacation but I bought it at Frys Electronics.First off, I did many comparisons to other Canons recently released. This camera has all of the features of the 320HS except for the WiFi and the touch screen. This camera is identical except for those two features. And at the time of this purchase, those features were $30 more on that camera. But I also considered that the possibility of hardware failures increases the more features you add. Also, I didn't want to "miss a moment" waiting for the lag of a touch screen. I wanted to be able to push a button and have the picture snap. I also hate giving the camera to someone to snap a group photo and them not knowing where to touch on the screen. The traditional shutter button was a plus in my book.As for other features, I did a side by side comparison of the 520HS, 320HS, 310HS and 530HS. I opted for a higher resolution and a lower optical zoom because but with the Digic5 processor because, for casual photos, 5x optical should be sufficient. If I want to get a higher resolution with a greater optical zoom, I will just upgrade to a DSLR camera.I've also owned Canon's for many years and I was happy with previous versions. With the 110HS I took a couple hundred shots on a recent vacation and several videos in HD. The videos came out great with good sound quality for a point and shoot. And the photos were exceptional for the price point.Personally I also like the auto focus features and the fact that it seems to calculate exposures and makes adjustments when I don't have the flash on. I did find that turning the flash off gives a much more natural look and with it on my photo subjects seemed to run "hot" so I opted to have it off except in low light situations. The button configuration to toggle the flash on and off is both ergonomic and intuitive.Additionally, the menus are standard Canon-type, so if you are used to them, you will enjoy a familiar interface. If you are not used to Canon cameras, it won't take long to learn.Also, the quality of the hardware is good overall, but it does have a sort of plastic-ish feel. Not bad, as it keeps it lightweight, but be aware that some may find it chintzy feeling. I, personally, think it feels light and nice. The battery lasted for about 2 days taking a combination of videos and pictures but I always kept it off and in the storage case (for power conservation) when not in use.Finally, I do have to admit again that I bought the camera at Fry's Electronics in Burbank due to the fact that I was going on vacation the very next day. I bought the SquareTrade warranty direct from SquareTrade, which I felt was a great deal for about $50 bucks for 3 years. It's the same on Amazon's site or going through them but you cannot get the 2 year warranty if you go through SquareTrade directly and it seems you can get 2 years full coverage on Amazon, which I would have preferred.All in all, this is a quality camera with a reasonable battery life, good quality pictures and videos with an intuitive interface. I give it 5-stars and am very happy with my purchase.PS: I also got a SDHC 16 gig card, class 10 and it seems to be pretty speedy. I'd recommend getting one of those or larger as this camera does not include storage. Also look at picking up some sort of a case. I bought a CaseLogic case with a plush interior (from K-Mart for $10) and am happy with that as well.
camera|In preparing for a trip to a remote area of East Africa, I needed a camera that would fit in my pocket. I have a nice Canon Rebel with all the lenses, but the fear was that if I packed that in my luggage it would be stolen, and it is too bulky to fit in my very limited carry on bag. I purchased the Canon Powershot in the hopes that it would take reasonable pictures. My expectations were that it would not do as well as what I had come to expect with my full size Canon.The bottom line was that I was blown away with the picture quality and functionality of the camera. I was shocked at the brilliance, contrast and sharpness of the images. I took several thousand pictures on the trip and did not get one bad shot.Also due to limited space in my carry on bag, I was not able to take a separate video camcorder. I was pleasantly surprised with the video and sound quality from this small unit.Very rarely have I been as pleased with a product as I am with this one. It gets my enthusiastic recommendation!
camera|I originally purchased as a gift the Canon PowerShot A3400 IS 16.0 MP Digital Camera with 5x Optical Image Stabilized Zoom 28mm Wide-Angle Lens with 720p HD Video Recording and 3.0-Inch Touch Panel LCD (RED BUNDLE) which included the red camera, a case, and a memory card.Instead I ended up purchasing for her the Canon PowerShot ELPH 110 HS 16.1 MP CMOS Digital Camera with 5x Optical Image Stabilized Zoom 24mm Wide-Angle Lens and 1080p Full HD Video Recording (Silver) and returning the A3400.Having been a Canon fan and owner for many years, since my first Elph, here were my reasons.The 24mm wide angle zoom combined with 16.1 MP, DIGIC5, 1080P video, image stabilization, and 5x optical zoom, along with a great array of Canon special effects make this an unbeatable package in a Canon PowerShot Elph.The 3-inch LCD is nice and bright at 461,000 pixels. It is pocket-sized at 3.67 x 2.24 x 0.79 in.Overall, this camera produces snappy, bright, colorful shots in a surprising variety of lighting conditions, all in a tiny little package. It has fun effects like Toy Camera, Miniature, Sepia, and Black and White.The Elph 110 HS records video in HD 1080p at 24 fps or 720p at 30 fps.Who should get it:* If you like to shoot in low light. (see note below)* If you want to shoot HD video in 1080p* If you want a wide angle lens, this one has a 24mm wide angle lens* If you'd like a Super Slow Motion Movie Mode that records video at high speeds to allow playback in slow motion.* If you want that "real film" feel - this one supports 24p movies* The Elph 110 HS has a high resolution LCD screenBattery life:* Battery life is not the best I've seen - this camera is rated by Canon to get 170 shots out of a battery -- your experience may vary if you are shooting video. You may want to keep a spare battery on hand.A note about photos in low light:At first glance, the images appear to be good in low light. And for MOST purposes, it IS good in low light. But if I zoom in at an image to look at the details, I can see that finer details in the image are missing at higher ISOs. I use Photoshop though, so I zoom in really large on an image. Expect some detail missing if you are shooting in low light at higher ISOs. But for most general purposes, this camera will do fine in low light.Some other cool features of this camera:* Color Accent - You pick one color to accent in your picture, and leave the rest of the picture in black and white. You pick out the color that is present in your scene before you take the photo. Everything in your photo that is, say, the color red, will show up as red, and everything else will show up as black and white.* Face ID Detection - Allows you to keep track of 12 faces (grouped as babies, children or adults), which you "register" by recording them with the camera. You can then search for photos with these people in them. For parents with babies, if the camera recognizes your baby is smiling, it will take 3 photos in rapid succession instead of a single shot. It has the ability to detect if your toddler is sleeping: if the camera detects this, it will turn off the flash and silence the shutter.* Super Slow Motion Video Recording - great for recording video of sports events. It records at 120fps or 240fps and plays back at 30fps which gives the effect of slow motion. It only records at 640x480 or 320x240.How it compares to other Canon Elphs:The Elph 110 HS is very close to the Canon Elph 320 HS, except the Elph 320 HS has a touchscreen, wifi and a larger viewscreen. The Elph 110 HS has a slightly faster high-speed burst mode and is a little lighter.The Elph 310 HS has an 8x zoom and has better macro. It can shoot at 3.5 fps continuous shooting vs the Elph 110 HS's 2 fps. The Elph 310 HS has DIGIC4 whereas the Elph 110 HS has DIGIC5. The 110 HS has the better 24 mm wide angle lens.The Elph 520 HS has 10.1 MP, a 12x optical zoom, and a faster 1/4000 shutter speed than the Elph 110 HS. But it has the decreased MP and it doesn't have the wide angle lens of the 110 HS. The Elph 520 HS's aperture is also wider at f3.4, so it doesn't let in as much light.The Elph 100 HS is slightly cheaper than the Elph 110 HS and has 12.1 MP and DIGIC4, slower shutter speed at 1/1,500, and about half as many dots on the LCD screen; however, its continuous shooting mode is 3.4 fps versus the 110 HS's 2 fps and in high-speed burst mode the Elph 100 HS is 8.2 fps versus 5.8 fps. The 110 HS has the wide angle lens; the 100 does not.What's in the box:* PowerShot ELPH 110 HS* Battery Pack NB-11L* Battery Charger CB-2LD* Digital Camera Solution CD-ROM* "Getting Started" Guide* USB Interface Cable* Wrist StrapWhat you will need:* Camera case, such as the Caselogic TBC-302 Ultra Compact Camera Case with Storage* Memory, such as the Transcend 16 GB SDHC Class 10 Flash Memory Card TS16GSDHC10E* A memory card reader or memory slotConclusion:Overall the Elph 110 HS to me is the best point-and-shoot that Canon offers as of this writing that meets most needs at a reasonable price point. One could also consider, depending on what you are looking for in a camera, the Canon PowerShot ELPH 100 HS Digital Camera with 4X Optical Zoom or the Canon 320 HS. The A3400 is another good value if you can find it on sale, especially the "red bundle" (red camera, case plus memory card) which is currently being offered. Good luck in your quest to find the right camera for your needs.
camera|I purchased the Canon ELPH 100 HS camera last year to try out the Canon HS System. I was impressed with the relatively clean-looking images that can be taken in low light, compared to the noticeably noisy images taken with my older cameras. However, when I zoomed in on parts of the images to look at details, the images were soft and lacking the detail I wanted. The ELPH 100 HS also did not have an optical zoom for video - only a digital zoom, and only if the still image aspect ratio is set at 4:3. I considered getting the ELPH 300 HS, which had a 24mm wide angle lens and which did have optical zoom for video, but I decided to go for the models with the newer DIGIC 5 processor, which Canon described as follows:"The Canon HS SYSTEM lets you take bright, clear photos in an even wider range of shooting situations. Beautiful low-light shots are possible with minimal noise and maximum detail in highlight and shadow areas. The system is the result of two technologies brought together in PowerShot cameras: a high-sensitivity imaging sensor, which is able to capture more light; and the DIGIC Image Processor, which actively reduces noise with high-speed image processing. The 16.1 Megapixel CMOS sensor in the PowerShot ELPH 110 HS digital camera incorporates advanced light reception technology that enhances sensitivity. The DIGIC 5 Image Processor provides a major boost in noise reduction, expanding the usable ISO range to an amazing high of ISO 3200. The Canon HS SYSTEM takes the frustration out of low-light shooting, delivering clear, blur-free images."Based on the representation that the DIGIC 5 processor "provides a major boost in noise reduction," I decided to pre-order the ELPH 110 HS at $249 on Amazon.com. - the 310 HS has a longer zoom lens range, but starts at 28mm and did not have the 24mm wider angle that I wanted. The 110 HS is also available in black, whereas the 100 HS and the 310 HS did not have a black model. The 310 HS also has the DIGIC 4 processor, not the newer DIGIC 5 processor that provided the "major boost in noise reduction." Then I read the review by PC Magazine:"I used Imatest to measure the sharpness of photos captured by the Elph 110 HS, and the results were actually quite good. We consider a sharp image to be one that contains a center-weighted average of 1,800 lines per picture height, and the 110 HS exceeded that--recording 2,189 lines. In this regard the camera ran circles around the Panasonic Lumix DMC-FH27 ($229.95, 2.5 stars), a camera that only managed 1,548 lines.High ISO performance was another matter entirely. We consider a clean image to be one that contains less than 1.5 percent noise. The Elph 110 HS was only able to keep noise under this threshold through ISO 200, a surprisingly low setting. That said, it only registered about 1.6 percent at ISO 400 and ISO 800, so it isn't going to produce terribly grainy photos at higher ISO settings. That's the good news. The bad news is that the camera applies some pretty aggressive noise reduction to hit even these just-ok numbers. Detail is slightly diminished at ISO 400, but you can still make out textures and fine lines in the image. At ISO 800 it's bad, and at ISO 1600 it's pretty terrible--any semblance of texture is gone from your photo by that point. The Canon PowerShot Elph 310 HS does a much better job both in terms of image noise and preservation of detail--it keeps noise under 1.5 percent through ISO 800, while managing to do a great job with image detail through ISO 400. At ISO 800 it's not that bad at all, although at ISO 1600 the 310 HS is also a victim of some heavy-handed noise reduction.. . . .The PowerShot Elph 110 HS is a good compact camera, but not a great one. Its lens is sharp, but Canon's decision to cram 16 megapixels onto a tiny sensor results in noisy images at higher ISO settings. The camera attempts to counteract this with noise reduction, but only serves to kill detail in photos at higher ISOs. This won't be a problem on smaller-size screens, but if you want to share your photos on larger LCDs or prints, the lack of texture and detail at higher ISO settings will be noticeable.Canon also turns out to be its own worst enemy here--if the PowerShot 310 HS wasn't available for a mere $10 more, the 110 HS would be easier to recommend. The 310 HS, which earned our Editors' Choice award for midrange compact cameras, features a nearly identical design and a more impressive 8x zoom lens. It does have fewer megapixels and its lens doesn't provide the extra-wide 24mm field of view of the 110 HS, but when you consider the noise reduction that the 110 HS requires to shoot images at ISO 800 and above, you really aren't losing much in terms of image quality when shooting in anything but bright light."This review was disappointing - apparently, instead of producing a "major boost in noise reduction," the DIGIC 5 processor in the 110 HS was noisier than the DIGIC 4 processor in the 310 HS. Now the question was whether I should cancel my pre-order of the 110 HS. I put off the decision, because the "release date" for the 110 HS was not until March 31, 2012. On March 30, I noticed that the price had dropped by $20, so I decided to cancel my pre-order. But then I saw that my order of the 110 HS at the original price of $249 was labeled as having been shipped, so it was too late to cancel. [UPDATE JUNE 30, 2012 -- two months after the release date, the price of the ELPH 110 HS has dropped by $50 or twenty percent -- it does make my decision to pre-order the camera and not cancel the pre-order in time look pretty bad -- that will be the last time I pre-order from Amazon.com a new Canon camera model. UPDATE AUGUST 5, 2012 -- four months after the release date, the price of the black ELPH 110 HS has dropped by another $30 or a total of $80 or thirty-two percent from the original $249 that I paid! If I had known, I would have waited four months to save $80 or thirty-two percent.]Since receiving the 110 HS on April 2, 2012, I have been using it as my everyday carry camera - it is as thin and light as my 100 HS. The images taken in bright daylight look fine to me. The images taken at higher ISOs do look a bit noisy, but they are sharper than the images taken with my 100 HS. When I zoomed in on the images in the camera and on the computer, I could see more detail, even in the images taken indoors. So there still is the trade off between sharpness and noise - on the balance, I prefer the additional sharpness that I get with the 110 HS, even though there is more noticeable noise. In addition, the 110 HS provides the wider 24mm angle and provides optical zoom during video.Unfortunately, the 110 HS is the same as the 100 HS regarding the limitation on the use of digital zoom - digital zoom is only available at the 4:3 still image aspect ratio, while I prefer to shoot at the 3:2 still image aspect ratio to match the 4 X 6-inch prints that I usually order. I was surprised to find that the images taken with the digital zoom looked better than the images taken at the maximum optical zoom and cropped on the computer to match the magnification of the digital zoom, so now I set the camera at the 4:3 still image aspect ratio with the digital zoom turned on in case I want to take quick snapshots with the digital zoom. I compared images of a FedEx truck taken through an office opened window with the digital zoom of the 110 HS and with a 70-300mm (at 300mm or the 35mm equivalent of 450mm) lens on a Nikon D5100. The image taken with the D5100 was less noisy and sharper than the image taken with the digital zoom of the 110 HS, but all of the letters and numbers on the side of the truck could be read in the digital zoom image taken with the 110 HS, except the Grumman name plate on the side of the truck, which could be read only in the image taken with the D5100. I was pleased to learn that I could take usable photos with the 110 HS when I am not carrying the DSLR and zoom lens with me.If you are looking for a thin, light, and not too expensive [UPDATE -- especially at the $169.99 price as of Aug. 5, 2012; on Nov. 29, 2012, the prices on Amazon.com range from $129 to $179 depending on the color of the camera] everyday carry camera with reasonable sharpness, with a lens with the 24mm angle of view at the wide end of the zoom, and in the color black, the ELPH 110 HS may suit your needs. I decided to keep the 110 HS, which is my fifth Canon compact camera (but the first one in black). The 110 HS is a good compact camera that is my current everyday carry camera to have handy for quicky snapshots of various things and people, but, as PC Magazine said, it is "not a great one." If images with lower noise are desired, there are other camera models around this price range and size that should be considered and, of course, there are more expensive cameras with bigger sensors that will provide images with lower noise.
camera|I'd previously had the IS1400, and loved it -- so sleek -- but it was co-opted by a family member. Figuring this was a sign from the cosmos that I should update for an upcoming trip abroad, I checked out tons of cameras, and almost went with a similar Panasonic that had just come out. In any case, the 110 won out for the simple reason that it boasted not only terrific specs (HD video and a healthy pixel count for photos) and was truly pocketable, but because it did NOT have a touch screen. Many people had commented negatively on the absence of dedicated buttons for accessing menus and prior photos, and I have to agree with them: you don't want to be futzing with a touch-screen just to quickly access a capability that a dedicated button would instantly allow, especially in strong daylight.The photos and video I took (over 2000 so far) in full daylight have been nothing short of stunning, much better than the already-terrific IS1400. If this is your main use, don't hesitate. Photos in modest lighting were also quite good, due to the new sensor and specialized Low Light setting. Night photos were again better than the last generation, but not nearly so good as a camera designed for that capability (e.g., the S90-95-100 series).Even though the camera is tiny -- you can carry it in your pocket and literally forget it's there -- there were a couple of very minor drawbacks. First, it's somewhat boxy in shape; the IS1400 was incredibly slim, with rounded edges. The 110 is very thin, but entirely rectangular, with squared-off corners. Second, the battery lasts for about 200-300 shots. This is sufficient for lots of situations, but not if you cannot recharge it daily, or even more often; I took along a spare (easily obtainable for 1/5 the Canon price from multiple vendors), and am glad I did. Lastly, the screen isn't touch-capable. For that, it seems you'd need to give up the dedicated buttons, which I absolutely didn't want to do. All very minor, as I said.If you're looking for an idiot-proof, truly pocketable camera that takes first-rate photos and HD video, you won't be disappointed. Just buy an extra battery and try to get as much ambient light on your subjects as possible.
camera|The first thing to keep in mind: this is a little 'point and shoot' - not a DSLR. If you're accustomed to the image quality of a DSLR, you might be a little disappointed with the Elph.On the other hand, if you want web images and the usual smaller prints, this will do the job nicely.It has two modes - a full automatic, and a Program mode that allows users to have some control of the camera (which still retains some automatic functions).Color accuracy is great. Sharpness is very good at ISO 100, pretty good at ISO 200. After that, the camera's aggressive noise reduction decreases sharpness as the ISO speed increases. So if you want to take indoor "available light" shots, don't expect too much detail.Something I don't like: it has a longer shutter response lag than other 'point & shoots' I've had. That makes it harder to catch action and fleeting candid shots.Another concern is the quirky file naming system - the camera wants to write the images to daily or monthly folders. Why?At first, I'd remove the memory card and plug it into the computer - using Windows to transfer / import the images. I have since started using the supplied USB cord and the "Camera Window" software (supplied on the CD). That seems to yield more consistent results.One more nit to pick: a printed "Getting Started" guide is included, but the larger manual is only on the enclosed CD (Adobe Acrobat format). Looking up something is rather tedious.
camera|Upon arriving in beautiful California for a long vacation, I dropped my Canon S90 -- a miraculous point & shoot, legendary for its picture quality. Stunned, I dropped into the nearest retail store & bought a quick make-do replacement. I chose the Elph 110 HS because it had the widest aperture of all the offerings (f2.7) & was the most pocketable. I prayed that our vacation pictures would be decent.After 10 days of putting the Elph 110 HS through its paces, I think I'll keep it. The color quality is wonderful. The camera meters well. The image sharpness varies: soft in the corners, and not as sharp at wide angle or tele. The best images are mid range; at 2 feet to 25 feet, the Elph 110 is as sharp as anything from the S90. You need to pay strict attention to where the camera is focusing as the auto settings latch on to strange things. Make sure to switch between macro, mid & distant focusing. I was happier using SuperFine compression & custom color settings, bumping up the sharpness, contrast & saturation a bit, and shooting in P (Program) mode where I could control the focus. Auto has its uses, and for quick snaps, it does a good job. The flash set just the right amount of fill flash. I was especially pleased with my flash shots. My low light pictures turned out fine with additional flash or slower shutter speed or a white balance adjustment or a little exposure compensation, and I didn't have to bother using higher ISO settings. It is marvelously portable, slipping into pockets, purses, small fanny packs & eyeglass cases with ease. Battery goes from empty to fully charged in two hours.The camera has good capabilities: exposure lock, focus lock, flash exposure lock, exposure compensation, Canon's ample array of color effects, good white balance settings (including custom white balance), a good drive mode, and can even take photos in square format (I like!). It has Stitch Assist for panoramic shots. Long Shutter mode allows for shutter times up to 15 seconds & is easy to use. There is a grid display option.Settings: Less useful ones are toy camera, fish eye (wish it were a true fish eye), posterizer, soft focus, miniaturizer. There is a snow setting, but no sunset setting. There is no sports/kids/pets or otherwise high shutter speed setting. Supposedly in auto the camera can detect children or babies & automatically switch to drive mode. You can print a single image from video, but I can't attest to image quality. Face ID (the camera can "memorize" faces) might be useful if you have kids, but I can't see using it much.Cons: There is much menu diving, especially to do the work arounds for tricky shots. I couldn't get Tracking AutoFocus to work well. No RAW and no choice of color space. The histogram display is post-shot only. It blows out highlights like crazy, but so did my S90. I confuse the shutter button with the on/off button sometimes, again just like my S90.In short, it's a better than average camera that can do a lot. If you are patient in setting up the work arounds to compensate for the lack of a Manual setting, you can get the trickier shots. I wish the sharpness were more consistent across various types of shooting. But if you just want a camera for family/friends snap shots, the sharpness is excellent for that kind of photography.
camera|A very nice little camera. With 32 GB (optional) of memory one can go a long time taking high quality pictures and movies. The battery does not last long, however. It is rechargeable, but can leave you in a bind. The Canon camera battery is $45, but there are higher energy rechargeable batteries available for under $10. I bought two as spares.2x Power2000 NB-11L Replacement Lithium-Ion Battery, 3.6 volt 900mAh, for Canon Powershot... $14.50.
camera|Canon has really hit the mark with this unit. Many of the issues with picture quality, soft edges on print out and such have been eliminated. It's alos packaged just right for your pocket and has plenty of features that will allow you to be as creative as you wish or as programmed as you wish. You decide! I currently use my Canon T2i for a majority of my pictures but really like this powerhouse as a backup when I don't feel like lugging around the weight.I really like the face Id technology to get in close and get he perfect smile, and backup up with a good quality memory card you have a great platform for first time camera buyers or those that are out to take some serious pictures. I wish I had this system years ago when I needed a nice portable unit that took some punishment, alas I've had to wait until now.In the box you get: PowerShot ELPH 100 HS Digital Camera Battery Pack NB-11L Battery Charger CB-2LD USB Interface Cable IFC-400PCU Wrist Strap WS-800 Digital Camera Solution CD-RomI suggest you pick up a good quality memory card and small padded case. Even though it's a small camera, a good fall from 3 feet or more onto rocks will certainly leave some damage.You will be very impressed with the picture quality and features this camera has to offer. The sharpness and detail are spot on and the images will seem to leap off the printed paper. I will be surprised if you get a bad shot out of the first bunch you take.Highly recommended!
camera|I write for a magazine, which requires me to take technical photos, and so I buy a new point and shoot camera every couple years. This is bar none the best camera of its type that I've ever owned. It has two rings (one around the lens and another around the 'func set' button that can be used for anything from manual focus to shutter speed to white balance, etc. It takes blu ray quality video and very rich pictures - in manual mode as you adjust your rings (I have mine set for ISO and aperture) you can make the photo look exactly the way you want to before even snapping the shutter. This is particularly helpful in taking sunrise and sunset photos and technical shots where lighting may not be optimum and a flash washes things out. I couldn't ask for a better camera and I've owned a LOT of point and shoot models. Nobody does it like Canon.
camera|Epic photos. Easy to use. Long battery life. Compact so you can take it anywhere. Definitely a must buy. Love it.
camera|Really quick delivery, crisp photographs, easy to use. My only complaint is that they changed the recharging thing. No improvement was necessary and I was happy with the earlier model.
camera|My Olympus camera is around 10 years old and was running so slow I decided that it was time for a new camera but didn't want to spend a fortune, don't have a fortune. I decided on this camera from the reviews and it is great. The pictures are very good and it is very easy to use. I love it.
camera|I purchased this camera as a replacement for a fujifilm one I bought and returned a week before. The cost was significantly more, but was absolutely worth it. Love the camera, photo quality, and features.
camera|I love this camera. I wanted a smaller one than what I had before. I like how it comes in different colors. I got a small camera case for this and love that as well. Great purchase and fast shipping!
camera|everithing was ok I am agree whith this product .. . . . . . . . . . .
camera|I purchased this camera on eBay, to replace my aging Cybershot. There was nothing wrong with the Cybershot, just wanted something with a beefier MP rating. Also, the Cybershot had an internal lens and the internal lens' can sometimes result in grainy pictures and red eye...SO, this is a improvement.ANYWAY, I like this camera. Takes great photos! No grainy, even in low light, great price. My 32GB SD card goes in and will allow me to take a million photos. The controls are easy to use, the screen is high resolution (means I can tell if its a good picture as soon as I take it). Its SMALL! SO SMALL! I thought my Sony was small! This is smaller than a deck of cards and lighter!What I don't like: its cheap feeling. plastic, and I'm ok with that, but cheap feeling plastic. I took my Cybershot all over the world, including deployments to the Middle East, and it saw all the action that might imply. I dropped it more than a few times and it continued to work without issue. I don't know if I can drop this camera.Time will tell, I suppose. But I would recomend this camera. Especially for the price. Great for someone who wants something just a step above their smartphone.
camera|At this price, you can't expect to get a view finder. Takes very nice photos anyway. I use it all the time.
camera|Light weight and easy to carry. Ton of functions and modes. Photos very satisfactory. Miniature mode a lot of fun.Canon makes good stuff.
camera|My last camera was a Canon PowerShot so when it came time to replace it another PowerShot was a no-brainer. The picture quality is very good. It is lighter and thinner and I like have more of the features automatic. This camera is perfect for anyone who just needs a good camera. Simple, easy to use and compact.
camera|I love the new Canon PowerShot ELPH 110 camera I purchased on Amaazon. It takes a lovely picture and is so easy to use. The large lens is so easy to see what you are taking a picture of. I would recommend this camera to those who want an inexpensive easy to use camera.
camera|i made a very good purchase when i bought this camera!! i love it although it is not a DSLR it is a very good quality camera.
camera|Lightweight, durable, easy to use. I got mine in a bright color so I don't lose it. It's the size and weight of a cell phone and takes perfect pictures and video. The zoom is quick and even. The screen is bright and big for how tiny the camera is.
camera|Small & compact camera.5 power optical zoom with a reasonable but not overwhelming amount of programing.Takes great pictures.The LCD display is a bit grainy but the pictures are sharp & clear.Great little pocket camera for the price.
camera|My needs for a new camera are probably much different than most other people. I was looking for a camera for my mother for her 93rd birthday that was simple to use, took great pictures, and was not too expensive. My mother has dementia and anything more complicated that pushing one or two buttons is too much for her to remember at this point. I personally have a couple of cameras including a DSLR and the Canon G15, but I am by no means a photographic expert. At any rate, I had my reservations on teaching her how to use a "new fangled camera". I have to say, I was really impressed by the quality of the pictures taken by my mother. I taught her only the on/off button and the button to press to take pictures. Granted we got a lot of pictures of the floor, the kitchen table, and the ceiling, but I finally got across to her that she had to see the picture to be taken on the screen before taking a picture. Forget focusing and pressing half way on the button to focus before taking pictures. I was lucky to have her press the right button at all. I could not believe that not one picture was blurred or out of focus. I printed some of the pictures she took, and they came out perfectly. She was thrilled!! I am hoping that this camera will be a new interest and start a learning process for her. If she can take wonderful pictures with this camera, imagine what can be done with it when the user knows what they are doing. I am really tempted to get one of these for myself to take with me when the larger cameras aren't practical.
camera|This camera and its multi photo snapshot quickness and easy to understand functions has made it possible for me to forever have a copy of my grandsons first steps!!! I forever will be grateful!
camera|Great camera! I really love it, it takes great pics, it has great functions it's really worth the price paid!
camera|The battery drains quickly but may have been due to cold weather. Really like the nighttime scene. Used available light in the evening to get shots that I could not get with my previous camera. Cannot figure out the "P" scene as there are no selection attributes. Like the size of the camera, easy to carry and hold. Wide angle lens is good. Fun camera. Considering buying a second battery.
camera|its the most wonderful digital camera i ve ever bought , its handy, easyy to use, very smart functions, its incredible
camera|I really like my Canon Power Shot. Especially love the red. It takes beautiful pictures and is easy to use. I have previously owned Canon Power Shot cameras. It is compact and I can carry in my purse.
camera|Very cheaply made. It has a very plasticy feel. The zoom makes pictures blurry . I am very dissatisfied with this camera. I expected more from Canon. Is this camera fabricated in china?
camera|Can't upload pictures to PC unless I use Kodak software,not doing that,too complicated, too much aggro already.I just wanted a camera that was easy to use without having to waste my time going on the internet looking for solutions to it's problem. Don't care what it's problem is, I'm returning this junk! You blow Amazon for wasting my time selling this Garbage!
camera|This is strictly a pocket sized point and shoot. Not what I wanted at all. Somehow the advertising made it sound so much bigger than it really was. I sent it back and bought a Canon Rebel - what I wanted in the first place but somehow didn't think I deserved. That is a match made in heaven. Since I have never used it - I don't know anything about this camera. I just didn't like the way it was advertised to do more that it did.
camera|Some three weeks after purchasing the camera the screen on the back just stooped working. Amazon's return window expired which meant I was left with a defective camera. Avoid purchasing this.
camera|I sent this camera back before even using it. It was very cheaply made I was very disappointedwith the quality.
camera|Don't purchase this camera if you expect to take it home, charge the battery, and start taking pictures. Canon is too cheap to include a memory card with the camera; hence it is unusable out of the box.
camera|This compact camera seems to pack the punch and takes a very nice photo. Not hard to operate. Would purchase again.
camera|Easy to use and takes great pictures. There are a couple of things that I haven't learned yet but the picture quality is good.
camera|This camera is good and small. Picture clarity is amazing and it delivers what it promises. Have not tried out the other functionality yet, but will update when I do
camera|Got this camera as a pre-Christmas gift. Used it to take photos of the Christmas lights,cool. Just remember to get some SDHC memory.
camera|This has exceeded our expectations in every way. The photos are great even having come from a nine year old. The Black Friday deal made this affordable, plus if my camera breaks I can steal hers. :-)Just wish it had a case included.
camera|Camera takes excellent pictures. Good fast focus and nice wide angle makes it a nice gadget and the size makes it a truly wonderful buy.
camera|I have the big pro Canon with L series glass. This camera is just wat I wanted, a camera that is so small you can carry it with you all the time. The L glass on my pro camera weighs 20x the weight of this camera. and the macro is allot better than I thought it would be!
camera|Lovvvve this camera: ease of use, quality of pictures and video are amazing. Not wild about the camera but picked it so it wouldn't blend in with all the other silver ones. I have a little problem keeping up with my camera so this color really stands out.
camera|She loves it. I love it. This camera is easy to use, 20x zoom, shoots in HD...Even the 20x zoom is crystal clear... that I was shocked about.I'm going to be getting one for myself soon.I prefer this one over the updated model as the updated ELPH is a touch screen... this model has a few basic buttons and is very simple to use.So far, so good. Cannon, you've done a great job with this model. It's cheap, beautiful and the LCD screen is huge in my opinion. More than large enough to enjoy the photos you've taken.
camera|Images quality and Video quality are superb... I gifted this to my cousin... they loved it ... Simply Superb....-:) .. So easy they can handle and simple to carry...
camera|I have had this camera for only a few days and shot about a hundred pictures of which less than 10 have come out clear. I have tried shooting in automatic mode as well as other modes. The pictures of the pets are OK since they are fuzzy anyway. The flash is bright enough if you are less than 8 feet away. The pictures indoors are very red in color. The shutter lag was very slow in tracking mode or with the flash. Unless the subject is perfectly still the images blur. It doesn't seem to be broken but save your money and use the camera on your phone. Maybe my expectations are too high, but I would expect better pictures from a very inexpensive camera. I am not very tolerant of the narrow depth of field in this camera. I returned it.
camera|A good camera to gift people who like to carry a camera in their purse/bag and snap pictures on the go. I gifted this to my Dad for Christmas so that he can take pictures when he is travelling. Low light pictures are not that great. Canon is well known for its limited options making life easy for the non-SLR crowd. Worth the money I paid for.
camera|Can't go wrong, especially for the price. Love the color, no more guessing which camera is mine at family functions. Takes really nice photos.
camera|I have owned this camera for about a month now and I absolutely love it. I am getting ready for a 5 week trip to Asia and I wanted something small and light that will travel easily. This camera is all of those things and takes amazingly clear photos. I love everything about it and super stoked that I could get it in different colors (I chose black). I've used it in low light and have taken tons of photos of my fast-moving puppy and all the photos have turned out great. I'm really looking forward to using it abroad. For the price: $129.00, you're getting a fantastic deal... not sure what more you could ask for.
camera|I bought this to replace a lost ZX3. This camera takes pretty good 1080p video. The pictures are okay compared to my T2i. Seems to have considerable lag after taking a shot.
camera|This camera was a replacement for my old Fuji Film and is a great point and shoot camera for any of those on-the-go moments. Very happy with my purchase; as well as, the ETD.
camera|Hola Feliz d&iacute;a,Esta c&aacute;mara es extraordinaria, la nitidez con que toma las fotos es muy buena, los colores vivos!!!En las opciones de fotos con efectos no tiene mucha variedad, sin embargo, eso pasa a segundo plano, cuando se observa la calidad de la imagen.Mis amig@s me han preguntado donde la compre? porque les ha gustado tambi&eacute;n!!!Recomiendo este producto.Caracas-Venezuela
camera|I bought this for my wife and she loves it. I'm not a photographer or expert on cameras so I will leave the in depth review for those who are, but I can say that it takes terrific pictures and videos. It is also very easy to operate and lightweight to carry.
camera|Great camera for the price. Just a little disappointed that it didn't come with a sd card. Other than that it's great camera.
camera|I couldn't get passed how loud it was to zoom in and out... I'm returning this and looking into different canon cameras. I haven't heard any camera zoom as loud as this one!! Some people wouldn't mind the zoom being so loud but I mostly use cameras in social situations, and the zoom noise would be distracting.
camera|There are a lot of cool little gadgets to enhance your picture......but I found as an inexperienced photographer, I found it hard to focus in on images when taking pictures. My pictures easily came out of focus many times .....could be because I'm still getting the hang of the settings though.
camera|Very compact camera that takes high quality pictures. Very easy to use for novice photographer. Good investment for picture opportunities.
camera|This is my second Power Shot.. The first was a joy (still is) and this is even better. I bought it for my wife, who has been envious of mine for quite a while. It is a reliable, easy to use on Auto, flexible and superb little camera.And it takes pictures which are so much better than any cell phone that it just isn't on the same planet comparison-wise.
camera|i love this camera, the color is such vibrant blue and the pictures come out amazing and crystal clear. i would defiantly buy again
camera|I would definitely recommend this camera. I bought one for my mom and she loves it! The pictures are very clear.
camera|I am a canon powershot fan. This is my third one over the years and have loved them all without any problems. I chose this one because I wanted to be able to shoot quickly in nature and not miss a shot. WIthout the flash the refresh is amazing. I can set it on continuous shoot or single shoot for a shutter not so sensitive. It take really good shots and even smaller than my last one and thin and light. If you want a small great camera, this is it.
camera|Good little camera. Arrived on time and well packaged. Light and easy to take anywhere. I have enjoyed using it so far.
camera|Handy, small, sharp picture; easy to use, crop, flash, zoom range, and self timer; with Canon's reputation behind it. yes!
camera|I have only had this camera for a couple days but the pictures are great and the HD movies are phenomenal.
camera|Getting better using in, first camera for years. Loving how I can make great photographs, computer ease wonderful!!. Love it.
camera|Love this camera, nice features and easy to use. Takes good pictures like a pro camera. Shipped quickly and packaged well.
camera|It's small and compact, but takes awesome photos and videos. Just wish it had come with a case, we had to find a generic one online.
camera|I am a fairly experienced photographer. I own Nikon film and D SLR equipment and an assortment of lenses, several generations of Nikon digital P&S type cameras and an earlier A series Canon.This very small camera has the big advantage of a totally auto (and very competent) full &#34;just push the button&#34; mode as well as some very sophisticated programming options. It satisfies my &#34;gadget freak&#34; tendencies as well asmy wife's &#34;just let me take a picture&#34; wants.Complaints about shutter lag, etc. are IMHO, mainly due to not understanding the camera and how it works and should be set up. Many may not realize you can take the next shot WHILE THE CAMERA CONTINUES PROCESSING THE PRIOR SHOT. That and mode selection make the complaint moot. IMO.Like it a lot and picture quality is excellent for a fixed lens, subcompact zoom. I attribute lots of that to the fact the zoom range is reasonable and not an extremely wide range of focal lengths. The compromises in extreme zooms make quality suffer.For the $129 price I paid, hard to top!
camera|Amazing value for the casual user for the money! Make sure and pickup a separate memory card when you purchase the camera so you can use it right out of the box. I saw some other reviews that were not happy about this, it didn't bother me because the tiny little cards that come with most cameras are a joke anyway. Bright, large screen for viewing, easy to use menu. This may not be enough camera with enough control for an advanced user but great for anyone under that skill level!
camera|The combination of this camera and the waterproof housing (Canon WP-DC330L) works perfect! The camera takes great photos and the case works perfect in the water (and makes the camera to float).All the controls of the camera can be used with the case on. It was cheaper that buying a waterproof camera and, according with other reviews, the camera takes better photos.
camera|It's a good entry level point-and-shoot, and the image sensor is pretty good, but the quality is not where I'd like it. There are a lot of image processing/setup issues regarding taking pictures in different environments where I get blurry pictures or really strange white-balance. If you set everything right, it's great, but it takes a lot of settings to get there.
camera|We had an older model that we loved. We bought our daughter the new Cannon Elph and loved it so much, we had to upgrade ours as well. Sharp focus, easy to use, and great pictures to share memories!
camera|I needed a point and shoot for my work. It had to have good resolution and a good macro lens. This is great. I wish it was a bit heavier for 1 handed use but otherwise more than meets my needs. Easy to use.
camera|For a small compact camera i love it. Get great videos and pictures!! Would recommend camera and sender to everyone.
camera|Very good video and photo quality. Very small so you can put on your pocket. The zoom is also amazing, both on photo and video.
camera|I purchased this camera for my wife mainly for travel, and we used it for the first time at our family gathering for Christmas. I am impressed with the sharp photos and the ability of the 110 to account for the problems of bright light from a window behind a human subject. The auto feature does a fine job of deciding when to use flash. Coupled with the case we got from Case Logic, the camera seems secure and extremely portable. I am not a fan of LCD as the only way to frame a photo, but the screen on this camera is wonderfully bright, and I am expecting that it will work just fine outdoors.
camera|I have many Cannon and Sony cameras and my new Elph 110 HS is now my favorite.Battery life for flash pictures was much better than expected. I thought there for a while it would never run down.The lens is wide angled and conducts color almost perfectly. The pictures are crystal clear and the flash does a remarkable job of providing good light everywhere in the frame.Only a few years ago you couldn't get this level of technology and picture quality without spending $15,000. or more.This is a great studio camera or outdoor and travel camera.The controls are simple to operate and intuitive in their function.If you don't have this camera.... get one. It will lighten your camera bag and improve your picture qualityEnd.
camera|It is good price and my mother loves it. I bought it for the mother's day.It is good price and my mother loves it. I bought it for the mother's day.
camera|Fast shipping and great item do far! I will update periodically.Lightweight, simple to use, loads of features and enhancements!The price of the item you get a great camera quality and not to mention full HD function which is an ideal feature from this cameraIt would be nice to be able change aperture and shutter speed, but hopefully one day they'll introduce this function for point for point and shoot.
camera|It is a too simple camera. It takes very long to take a picture. So it's hard to catch good moments if you want to have more than one photo. The delete function is embedded in menu so you have to press several times in order to delete a picture.
camera|This camera was everything we want in a camera. Very user friendly and compact enough to fit in a pocketbook or shirt pocket yet takes really good quality pictures. We are very pleased with this camera.
camera|Takes excellent pictures and is very easy to use. If you need a compact camera this is the one to purchase.
camera|This is a very small caamera that suits my needs since I'm a Grandmother and love to take nice pictures of my grandchildren.Easy nice and simple to manage.
camera|Pictures are clear and it takes a good video. I have not had enough time to really explore any of the other features. The lighting on it is not super
camera|love it. it has all the basic functions plus unexpected features. take nice picture at low light, high image stabilizer, easy to use. recommended for leisure use.
camera|I own many Canon's and this lives up to its name. This is used in conjunction with an Ikelite case to capture 1080p underwater video during our dives.
camera|Love, love, love this camera. I've had other cameras that were too complicated or just too bulky to carry around. This little camera is tiny, yet takes some great wide angle shots.
camera|Overall this camera met my needs for a easily pocketable, convenient companion to my Canon DSLR. My only real dissapointment is that pictures of people, particularly grandkids, do not appear sharp. Too much emphasis is put on camera shake, and consequently the use of high Iso settings to decrease exposure time. The noise is very noticible if flash is not activated. Having used point and shoot cameras before, and comparing the ELPH 110 HS to a Lumix SZ7, I feel the 4 stars I gave the ELPH is appropriate, and it is a nice addition to my camera family.
camera|In planning a trip to Disney World I was looking for a replacement (for my older Elph 750 from about 6 years ago) that had HD video capabilities and optical image stabilization. My Droid cell phone was unreliable, and takes too long to start up (not to mention the fact that it rarely saves the footage correctly). Canon has a great history and reputation, so I purchased this 2 days before our trip.Positives:-This is an excellent point-and-shoot camera, especially for snapshots of people. The wide angle lens really makes it easy to quickly frame up. It also lets you stand fairly close to the subjects, which is a real treat (I kept thinking I would need to take the standard "3-step-drop" back to fit everyone in the frame, but I can't remember doing that once.-HD Video quality for the most part is gorgeous and wonderful, even in some lower-light settings (see negatives below for some less-great things about the Video Quality). For a point and shoot that can fit in your pocket, I am very impressed. For the most part, the best advice is to keep it zoomed out wide, and you'll love the images.-Great photos, especially in daylightNegatives:-It takes some time to focus sometimes (mainly in moderately low light, but sometimes in normal lighting). When it does auto focus, it is quick and precise, but when it doesn't quickly lock on it has taken about 7-10 seconds of me repeatedly trying the shutter button half-way down for it to "lock" focus correctly. Again, this doesn't happen often, but maybe every 100-or-so shots it will, and it isn't a problem I've had with many cameras.-Standard battery leaves a lot to be desired. I purchased a 3.6V and 900mAh Wasabi replacement battery, which is now my standard. If you're planning to be out taking photos (and, especially, videos) for a full day, I would recommend purchasing (2) of these replacements, and carry the standard battery as final backup. I found it under $14, and have seen them under $10.-With HD Video, it takes a very long time to focus once you're recording. I learned quickly to let the camera focus (just like when taking a photo) before you start recording. Sounds obvious, but if you want to record a moment quickly, its worth holding off for that last second while the camera focuses, because once you are recording it is slow to re-focus.-With such a wide lens and the optical image stability I was disappointed at the number of photos that were blurred. That is somthing that I was hoping to avoid, and I took small measures to try an avoid that, but I expected a greater improvement from my old Elph from years ago with no IS.Miscelaneous-The zoom is fairly slow once recording video, but that isn't a huge detriment. Just something to know going in.Bottom line, for a $130 camera, this is a real bargain.
camera|So far, I'm really loving this camera. I feel like I made a good choice.Originally, I purchased the ELPH 320 thinking I wanted the WiFi, but quickly returned it for this one after remembering all of the issues I had with a Nikon touchscreen camera.It's very small, which I think is my only complaint (most people don't complain about the smallness, but I like something solid in my hands so I won't drop it).There are a ton of great features in this camera, both manual and automatic. It takes really great pictures (I own several SLRs and a step-below a DSLR Canon). I haven't used the video on it much, but I don't take many videos, if any.Overall, I'm extremely happy with this camera. It seems like a very good value for what the camera does.
camera|Many programmable techniques, easy to use, small with large screen, amazing zoom. My only complaint is that a few weeks after getting it, we went on vacation to Walt Disney World. The 3rd day there, a line appeared in the screen. It's not on the pictures but all the way across the screen. That is disappointing. But I didn't get the protection plan.
camera|worked with camera loved it but had taken to long to catch the pix. shame because has really nice features
camera|I read reviews and watched videos about this camera and knew it was nice. Now that I have it all I can say is that it is a very good camera and films clear video. I would recommend it.
camera|Una c&aacute;mara compacta con excelente prestaciones, dise&ntilde;o y estilo, excelente para viajes y cualquier otro evento familiar, especial para personas con pocos conocimientos defotograf&iacute;a...
camera|my daughter is thrilled with her new camera she cant stop taking pictures with it and it works great highly recommend
camera|I purchased this camera so that my husband and I would each have a camera. We have a Canon Rebel which is the best but I purchased the powershot for my pocket because my husband doesn't share the Rebel very well on vacations plus it is a bulky camera compared to the powershot. This camera is fun to play with, just point and shoot and is pocket size. The pictures are of decent quality but does not compare to the quality of the Rebel. I would recommend this camera just becasue it's fun and little but if you want really high quality pictures invest in a Canon Rebel.
camera|Small, great pictures, reasonable price, much better than the photos I take with my cell. Good selection of colors also
camera|I wanted to replace my old Canon Elph with a new version. I really like the 3&#34; screen and it takes good pictures. I like the auto feature that you don't have to mess with trying to find which setting you need when taking a picture. I'm not no professional photographer and this makes it real easy especially when your in a hurry to get the picture. When taking videos when zooming in and out it does record the noise but overall I am very pleased with this camera.
camera|Great camera. Well made, looks durable. Excellent results. Bought this in exchange of a Nikon S6300 which I hated. Canon - buy it with closed eyes :-)
camera|I am a big Nikon fan. I only by Nikon cameras. I was looking for a waterproof camera to bring with me when snorkeling. I tried many waterproff rugged cameras from Olympus, Panasonic, etc. but all have failed me. Then Nikon came out with thier own waterproof camera, yippee! But that failed me as well. So i decided to go with the waterproff housing route and it worked out great. This little camera works great on it's own but use it with the Waterproof housing, you have a great waterproof camera!I highly recommend this to anyone on a budget looking for a good compact camera. Add the waterproof housing and you can take it in the water as well.
camera|Perfect camera to take along to the football game and any other event. Easy to operate, good pictures, and lovely color.
camera|I bought this for my husband as a birthday gift. We have another cannon power shot that he uses and I wanted him to have his own. This model makes videos at a better dpi and works well.
camera|Good but not great, but for the price, It is better than expected. First the negatives. I found the controls to be confusing and difficult to navigate, particuloarly in sunlight. it is hard to tell what mode you are in and the screen gets filled with icons, most of which are unintelligible. It is very small, which is good, but also very easy to drop, which is bad. I found that you always have to use the wrist strap, otherwise you risk disaster. I also found that the lens is very prone to flare, which in some cases ruined my scenic shots.Now for the positives: it is small and convenient, fits in the pocket and always there when you need it. It takes excellent snapshots, and works very well in low light. The flash is powerful enough for most situations, but because of the high ISOs available, I found I often didn't need the flash and was able to get beautiful natural light photos. Lens resolution, for a camera of this size is excellent, and the natural rendition of color is great. I also found that the high resolution (full HD) movies you can take with the ELPH are far better than I expected, better, in fact, than I shoot with my SLR.On balance, I would recommend this camera to anyone who wants to take great snapshots, and wants convenience, great color, and high resolution.
camera|I have owned several point and shoot cameras and this by far is the best one I have owned. The picture quality is outstanding and other than cropping I don't have to do any other enhancements. I also find this camera very easy to use and I know there is a lot more to offer if I actually sit down and read the owners manual!
camera|I love this little camera, very small, its very small. and solid, buttons are little hard to press, cause too small. screen is hot HD, pic quality is pretty good, wonderful with low light. fast focus. But the lens just stick out stuck there doesn't move at all. have to return it in 1 week use, like so many people's experience
camera|Bought this camera for my relatives and they were really impressed by it. I am also planning to buy this one.
camera|Purchased for my wife. She loved for being compact and loaded with features. My wife uses it especially to maintain all the memories and different sites she sees in her travel overseas. Very nice product. By the way our son (a Businessmaqn) recommended it.
camera|The Cannon Elph has always been my favorite camera. It is so easy to use and shoots great photos. This camera offers a variety of great features too. Can't beat the price or quality!
camera|If you're not an expert level photographer that like to play with settings and just need a good quality camera that's simple, efficient and compact, look no further. Love it :)
camera|I haven't put this thing down since the holidays started. Very easy and efficient to use. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a good camera.
camera|I just received this camera a few hours ago and i have got to say, this camera is amazing ! The pictures are very nice and clear, the video is amazingly clear. I love this camera so far, it has really impressed me ! ill be doing a review on it and putting it on YouTube. Enjoy!
camera|I researched alot of Digital Cameras and read many, many of the reviews before deciding to purchase this one. I actually bought 2 of them for x-mas gifts.Keeping in mind that they were not real expensive cameras, I didn't expect anything too extraordinary. After arriving, I checked them both out to make sure they worked good before x-mas. The batteries actually charged quicker than I expected (about 2 hours). The cameras do not come with a memory card, which I knew, so I bought one with the camera. I played with the features briefly and took a few pics. The auto focus worked good, and the pics seemed pretty clear. The zoom worked good indoors. I don't know how it would work outside zooming on something far away... my trial shots were taken indoors. There is a small delay between pushing the button and when the pic is actually taken, plus another small delay before the pic is shown on the viewing screen.If you want a camera with a real quick response time, this one is not for you.However, as a x-mas gift for 2 teenage boys, this camera should be more than sufficient. Especially since I got them for around $130 each.Also, since this camera does not take regular batteries, I bought an extra for each camera. If the battery for the camera dies, it would be good to have a 2nd one charged and ready to go. Even though they charge fairly quick, a 2nd would be very handy, and they are not that expensive... I got a charger and 2 batteries for around $20.A little slow on taking and showing pics... wish it took regular AA bateries... wish it came with a memory card....Overall, a good camera for the novice photographer (a.k.a. teenagers). If you are looking for more... spend more money and get a top of the line camera.
camera|the camera is very clear and easy to learn. I love the size and the easy buttons on it. I will recommend to any one who is looking for a small quality camera
camera|We needed a camera that was small and easy to use. It has performed perfectly for us. I would recommend getting at least a 4 SD card if you are going to use the video.
camera|I am very pleased with my new ELPH camera. We have a new baby granddaughter, our first, so naturally I want to take pics of her whenever we see her. The quality has been great and when taking them in less lit areas, I now get a good photo! I am a person who takes a lot of pics whether it be family, holidays, vacations, etc. so the performance of the camera is very important to me. Would I personally recommend this camera to others...definitely yes.
camera|I shopped around and read reviews for several days before settling on this camera. If you're looking for a point and shoot with great results, this is it. I've added some sample shots of my own, all pictures taken with no flash.Really, this camera is great. Great functions/settings and even the auto option works well enough in good lighting. Low light is pretty decent for this little camera, and it has settings to help with that
camera|Very good Camera, sharp pictures and nice colors, Canon is a guarantee. The only small cons are the keys which are rather difficult to touch and the battery life which is poor.
camera|I would recommend this camera to anyone! It has very clear picture, easy to use, great quality, and multiple, easy to access set-up options. The pictures print with great color as well. I love the zoom and automatic timer features!
camera|It is a good cam and good value for money ... Nice Results for the price of the camera... !!!
camera|I actually chose this camera because of its ratings on Consumer Reports. It is easy to use, compact, inexpensive, and takes great pictures. The lime green color wasn't my first choice but, for some reason, it was cheaper than the other colors so that's what I went with. Ironically, every time I use it people comment favorably on the color. I would recommend this camera.
camera|So far so good, the pictures are very clear. I'd give it a 5 but the instructions in the manual is bad and I've had to figure out a lot by my self. I'm too old to be using trial & error to figure things out. Shutter speed could be better.But love the pics.
camera|This camera rocks, cute, apt and just good enough for the amateur photographer. Just wish it was touch screen, so my nephew can have a blast looking at his photos. Happy buy.
camera|Arrived quickly! takes great photos, has a variety of setting and features. I would recommend this to anyone as it is easy to use and navigate.
camera|Okay. There were 3 factors why I got this camera!) It's a canon ( what can go wrong with a canon? )2) It's green ! ( for a change )3) The reviews were okay :)My last camera was an ixus and all along, i though I was getting an ixus ( totally my fault. was too excited to get a camera that i wasnt able to double check :(Tried taking photos with it and loved the outcome. But I guess I sort of miss ixus' camera setting and knobs. The camera's really slim and compact so i guess it serves its purpose of being a handy point and shoot camera.The only thing that made me sad was tha price :( I got it for 179 ( plus tax ) and upon checking it again , it dropped to 129! :( I wish i hadnt bought one so soon :( boohoohoo. They say not to cry over spilled milk but I cant help it. looking back I realized that it probably wasnt worth it because of the 179 price tag.If youre buying this for 129 then you surely have a good deal :) so wait until the price drops to around 129 before buying it.It comes with a nice strap :Dif only I can turn back time and buy this camera at a much cheaper price.lol
camera|I use the camera a lot for taking eBay pictures for my ads. The close up image sharpness is just A+. Great size as the camera is very compact. The various features are easy to use once you go through the process a few times. A plus--- when you go to the menu to set up or change the features there is a short text message to help you.
camera|I'm definitely not one to say how good/bad something is since I'm not a techy and always ask a friend or two when it comes to purchasing any sort of technology.So a friend recommended this when I was looking at other products way out of my budget.I can't say that I'm disappointed with this at all, far from it. I love the design of it and how easy it is to use.I generally just have it set at Auto for most situations unless I find it not providing the results I want, then I go into Program to mess around with things.No way do I know what I'm doing when it comes to changing the settings.It's compact size is a bonus, as I prefer these point-and-shoots than the DSLR's. Since I'm not a photo-junky these do what I need them to and I leave the DSLR's to those that know how to use them to their full potential.The quality of the pictures when provided the right situations/settings are great and to my eyes I love the quality.
camera|I just used this camera extensively on vacation. The functions are great and useful, the pictures and movies turned out great as well.
camera|Bought as an early christmas gift. Great quality pictures in all environments. I would have given 5 stars but i was not impressed by the software on the camera itself. Best camera in this price range by far. The zoom is an actual lense zoom where as most lower priced cameras cut out pixels and image quality.
camera|Fast shipping and if the camera takes pictures as beautiful as the camera is itself I would say it rates above a 5 star. We bought this for our grandaughter for Christmas so we will see in about a month.
camera|A forced flash is a must for me. This camera does not have that therefore many of my pictures have black faces (sun behind). Also battery needs charging too often. (Imagine if it had forced flash).I also have not been able to download manual to computer and hardcopy manual did not come w/ it. So far quality of pix seems good. Had canon, then Nikon then chose to come back to Canon. Would go back to Nikon for forced flash.
camera|Good camera for starters with amazing features like recording which makes life easier need not carry a camera and a handycam
camera|I bought this as a gift for my wife, who was looking for a well equippedPoint and shoot, without having to read a NASA manual to understandThe features this camera offers. So far, it has lived up to the past reviewsI read on this model.
camera|This is a great little camera, easy to slip into a cargo pocket of my hiking pants and the battery holds up well. The picture quality is excellent..
camera|Purchased the camera just prior to a three week European trip. Installed a nothing fancy $6 8-gig class 10 SD card which appears to have a capacity of ~ 1,500 snaps. Very pleased with the small size and weight which made it easy to carry around on long walks. Picture quality extremely sharp. Colors very good. Not a pro camera by any means -- and low light performance is OK but not as good as what could be had with a larger and more expensive rig -- but overall, a brilliant compromise for the small size and light weight. During my three week trip, took ~ 1k shots. All easily downloaded to my MacBook using the provided cable and iPhoto. Highly recommended for what it is. And at the $129 price point with free shipping, a huge bargain!
camera|I really like the camera, It's everything I was hoping to get. Great price, nice pictures too. Only con I have about it is the sound is not loud enough on the videos.
camera|Great camera for clear HD shots. I like the slow-motion effect and the 1-button movie. The clear close-ups and soft focus portrait shots add to the enjoyment of this newer Canon camera.
camera|GREAT Camera - love it. Had an older version and just wore it out. Would recommend it to anyone that needs great pictures with a simple camera.
camera|Best camera for the price. Love this purchase. Wish I would've had this camera for the entire first year of my sons life.
camera|I spent days and days researching point and shoot cameras. I wanted to take the best one I could I find, at a decent price to Italy. I bought one-- tried it at home, returned it. This Canon is AMAZING. The best picture quality you will find! Everything was great about it-- never had any issues. Even taking photos from the fast moving train came out clear and perfectly proportioned! Lighting, movement, zoom, video, focus--- the whole thing, its all in here. BEST PURCHASE FOR A CAMERA!
camera|I love Cannon products and this is one of them. The camera takes sharp pictures with vibrant color and is easy to use. The battery life is better than I'd hoped for having taken about 65 pics and two videos and the battery is at 70% strength.
camera|I purchased this camera as a "Pocket Camera". It's perfect. I usually shoot a Canon 60D, and that's bit of a load with lenses, flashes, batteries, you know? When traveling I think there will be days that the ELPH will be the perfect choice. Good for parties and such as well.
camera|I just bought this camera, and i received it and i'm very pleased with it. IT extra thin and extra weighted, more than i expected, but it does a really good job. For me, as a beginner photographer, it's great and it very cheap. Also it came well packed and i was very excited with the picture quality. It really does a decent job, and it's great for all types of photos: landscapes, portraits and moving objects. I'll have many chances to capture all i want with this superb camera.Also i want to mention the quantity of available options of shooting modes, that really excites me, so i want to try them all, and to make my own collection of photos. Best regards to Amazon.com, so they did a good job, and also to Canon, that doesn't disappointed me.
camera|The best part about this product is its 24mm wide angle. Probably one of the most accurate exposure P&S I've used. Decent(not perfect) flash photo indoor... better flash quality than most P&S I've used/tested. Only two complaints... 1) Shutter lags a bit (extra 3 to 5 seconds or so and that is a bit long) to use flash back to back, and 2) the price at $229 is a bit steep compared to other competitor models (&lt;$200) but I am happy with the extra I paid for the wide angle and Canon built quality.
camera|Just came back from Galapagos with it and used it with and without the Canon 10 ft underwater case. The size is awesome for the pocket. Takes great pics in good light and pretty good shots in dimmer light. Worked very well in the underwater case once you grease up the O-ring. Things I didn't like:1. The videos I took underwater were noisy in that every time you zoomed you heard the sound of the zoom which took away from watching the video. If only they had gotten rid of that sound pickup!2. The flash is a bit too close to the top of the camera so it's easy to partially block it when holding it. I had to tell others using it to take a picture of us to not block the flash.3. In Underwater mode, Auto ISO jumps to very high ISO numbers which keep the shutter speed high. This did enable me to capture many moving shots of fish and sea lions but they ended up quite grainy. I wish they revised it to back off one stop of ISO raising (I ended up getting many shots with ISO of 800, 900, 1000, 1600). I didn't need quite the high speed chosen. I guess it was better than the other camera we used(the Nikon AW100) which hardly raised the ISO at all automatically resulting in many blurry shots.
camera|I got a few compact digital cameras(Nikon/Canon/ as part of my little collections of gadgets) and this model is outstanding as with performance, although it doesn't look as handsome or classy as the others. It's really a surprise to see the stunning clarity of the pictures, as opposed to what one reviewer said. Try this "not so nice" looking camera, if you can, and you would be amazed.
camera|A birthday gift for my hubby, so he could take pictures and video during the Moab Trail Marathon. The picture and video quality are fantastic, and the camera is small enough to tuck in a pocket. It's easy to carry and operate while in motion and the stability feature is the bomb!After seeing the photos and video from our trip, my Dad was so impressed he ordered one. :-)
camera|Wife loves this camera. Small, fits in her purse, yet takes really good photos. If it can keep my wife happy, it's got to be good!
camera|I absolutely love this camera. The size freaked me out at first since I used to own a photography business, but now that I have seen what it can do I am so happy I bought it! The picture quality is amazing and the fact that I can take videos while carrying it around in my pocket makes me smile.
camera|I bought one for my daughter earlier in the year and am thinking of getting one for my son.I broke it in during a full day at an amusement park and it worked out great.I have large hands, and of course, the finish is slick, but it felt comfortable.Mind you, it still isn't going to freeze active kids indoors without flash.For the money, you can't beat it.
camera|I asked my son for the easiest camera to use. He recommended the Canon Elph and he was so right. I love the way it does most of my thinking for me and all I have to do is shoot.
camera|I bought this one for my sister after doing a lot of research among point and shoot cameras around $150-$200 and she said:I am very happy with my Canon PowerShot ELPH 110 HS so far. The camera is quite light, and the screen is big, its fairly easy to use and it allows to change programs fast.Quality of image is very good both in colors and details... and I love it that is pink!!!Battery lasts up to 2 days using it often which I am very happy about. This was the reason I changed cameras, since my previous one (with batteries) did not cover more than a few hours.What I miss more are some functions, like trimming and the timer that are not easily accessible in Canon and I used to use them a lot on my old Samsung.
camera|Simply, Best camera I have ever had!Don't hesitate to buy this fine camera.It is so suitable and more than enough to the personal/home use.
camera|This is my third canon point and shoot camera. I still have the first, but the second died of the dreaded lens error. Apparently, Canon's are notorious for having that problem. Other than that, it's very portable and takes great photos. I looked at several competing cameras, but my wife loves the Canon.
camera|Point and shoot camera... What i want from these cameras.1. AWB : auto white balance must be accurate.2. Fast AF : AF is very important3. 24mm wide : Yes, better than 28mm absolutley. Most of time i used this at 28 or 35 range but it dosen't mean no need 24mm. And f2.74. Makro is greatCons?1. No ISO option with black and white mode2. Not great iQ on 24mm3. Hard to push menu buttons on backside4. Need just one more some short cut button or customized ButtonOverall, good digital camera for the money.
camera|I purchased this camera for my daughter's birthday. We used it before we had a chance to read the instructions, but had no problem with the auto setting for all our shots. It is an amazing little camera! The pictures were quite good even in low light situations. My daughter kept making the comment, "This camera is amazing!" The shots were crystal clear and made everyone look quite good. The stabilization works great. The camera worked equally well on landscapes and night time photos of Times Square. I couldn't be happier with this purchase and neither could my 26-year-old daughter! The lime green color is too cute!! I would recommend it without hesitation!
camera|I had a Sony digital camera that I dropped and broke, so I decided to get a Canon because lots of people told that it's a good brand. I love the colors this camera comes in (I got green) and it had so many features, I don't know how to use them all! This camera is easy to use and I love how big the buttons are, that way if it's dark or something, you can easily turn it on. It takes high quality pictures and videos, and there is a speaker so you can watch AND listen to your videos on the camera. This is a really nice camera for a great price that I would definitely recommend.
camera|Auto focus is very good and receive very clear macro images within 3 cm. When you close up, flower show up and flash is automatically off when you shoot. If the flower does not show up on half press, release and half press again. I returned samsung 150 for poor images in auto mode. Good images with just point and shoot auto and cheaper. Small and light enough in the pocket.
camera|I was so excited to finally own a Canon!Like* Portable* Decent evening pics (hold still!!)* Good VideoDis-like..* Many of the pictures are fuzzy* Battery Life is poorSo if you have 2 of the above problems, why buy a camera that won't work very long and 50% of the pics are fuzzy?I have an old DSC-50 Sony 2.2 mega pixal Cybershot camera. This thing rarely if ever got a bad picture. So I guess what I would say at this point is that I guess the bigger less portable lens must be the way to go. Our second sony that we got after my cyber shot fell in the pool wasn't that great either.Lesson learned, don't go for portability if this is your only camera. Move on.I can't give this less then 3 stars b/c I still love Canon. Perhaps it's like being in love with a movie star that treats you like crap...It could just be a status thing.
camera|Received the camera and found it easy to set up and understand the controls. Much better controls than on my older $100 A 460 canon . But when comparing the pictures of the two cameras I was really disappointed with the new 110 canon. Most all pictures were not crisp and clear especially all taken over 10 feet. The pictures on the older A 460 were much sharper both in close up and in distant shots.Flash pictures in the house were also a disappointment. Colors were really off. Outside light from a window really dramatically effected the whole picture. Dark areas were too dark and light areas were too over exposed. Flash pictures with the A 460 much more true.Battery lasted only about 6 to 8 hours with the 110. My A 460 camera using two rechargeable AA batteries and lasts much much longer but also makes the camera larger and heavier.I did like the size of the camera as I could slip it into my pocket when not in use and I also liked the placement of the controls. It has a large screen for viewing pictures before and after taking a picture but probably uses a lot of the battery charge. My A460 display can be turned off as it also has a peep hole for taking pictures. I only used the video part of the camera a few times and it seemed to work well. However, I only bought the camera for taking still pictures.I have returned the camera , the case and all the extra batteries I also bought.
camera|Has any one else had this problem with the 110 HS? Did 3 test videos - all of them with the same results. While shooting video, the camera records the noise from the lens while zooming! I contacted Canon and this was their response:"Thank you for contacting Canon product support. We appreciate the opportunity to assist you with your PowerShot ELPH 110 HS.We understand that you are noticing a noise being recorded when zooming during video capture. Due to the compact nature of the camera the lens is located close to the microphone used to record audio. Some noise to be expected when zooming during recording. The zoom has been slowed down in video recording mode to minimize this issue. We apologize for any inconvenience.I have owned many small digital point and shoot cameras (including another PowerShot) and find this completely unacceptable! Please let me know if you have experienced this same problem.
camera|Had this camera for 2 months and now the shutter won't open. Called Canon support and they said if I send it back it will cost $169.00! Guess I am buying a new camera!
camera|this is one of the easiest cameras to work love it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! buy it as a gift or yourself lots of fun
camera|We found this camera to be very easy to use with amazing quality photos. Lots of detail in the close ups and excellent color accuracy. So compact!
camera|Good product 100% RecommendedChoosing this rating because it is a great productI would recommend this product to everyone100% Recommended
camera|Bought this camera for my work and it works great. Couldn't be more happy with this purchase. Would buy same product again for personal use.
camera|This is a great camera. I have had several cameras and this is the easiest one to use I have ever had. Love it!
camera|Small camera, but does big things! I am having so much fun with this little green camera....I love the quality of pictures, the detail in the MPs, the special features it has, and the size it comes in. This is the third Canon powershot I have had....and I am NOT disappointed!
camera|I really like this camera ..It is easy to use,compact,holds a charge, and the price was right. It was everything I needed and more. I would highly recommend it to others.
camera|We bought this camera for my wife who wanted a great camera that was easy to use. This one was perfect.
camera|We got this camera to have with us for quick shots of our new baby girl (due in the next few weeks). We wanted something small but feature-packed and relatively inexpensive and this camera delivers on all of those. I'm especially impressed with the image quality although I guess I should expect as much from a Canon since they have such amazing lenses.
camera|The seller quickly worked with me to provide a refund. I purchased the same camera new at a box store and the quality of pictures is great, I only wished the one I purchased via Amazon would have worked the same.
camera|Had to return this camera because the auto focus and associated &#34;BEEPS&#34; was inoperable. Very disappointed, I really thought this was a great camera.
camera|I bought this camera after I lost my Nikon Coolpix in a house move. I was going on vacation and decided I needed another camera, I always read reviews and this camera seemed to have good ones. BUT, after purchasing and after comparison to my original Nikon, I was so bummed. This camera seems as if you have to hold down the button for extended time and then the pictures come out fuzzy, and no it's not the battery. Oh, how I long for my click, click, click Nikon, with the beautiful pictures.Should I decide to take another vacation, I will definitely have to go back and buy the Nikon Coolpix.
camera|I upgraded from elph 100hs to this one and the battery is beyond horrible. Lasts for about 50 pics and goes dead. Awesome camera...buy a back up battery.
camera|I like this camera except for 2 things that have just come up - I can hear the motor of the ZOOMing when playing back the recording and I am sure I can probably change the maximum length of a video recording but it sucks to discover that it is set that way when no expecting it too. Also, the battery life of the battery is surprisingly short.
camera|The macro function on this item was not as good as I had hoped for. I need a good macro for close-up shots.
camera|Bought this camera for my daughter in college for Christmas. She said it's great! It can do so many different types of photos then just taking everyday pictures.
camera|Based on the majority of the ratings and the price of the camera, I expected much better photo quality. I was surprised by the lack of crispness. It is okay and I will keep it only b/c it would be a hassle to mail it back but I wish I had bought a different camera. This is my fourth Canon (the other ones died through no fault of the camera -- were dropped in ocean, lake and on concrete) and I think next time I will try another brand.
camera|I bought this for myself for Christmas. I haven't used it because it wasn't clear to me from the product description that it did NOT come with a memory card. So until I go out and buy one, I can't comment further on the quality of the camera.
camera|it's so good. it worth the price. we love it.it's so good. it worth the price. we love it.
camera|I updated my 8-year old Canon PowerShot SD700 IS with this Canon PowerShot ELPH110 model. It is really compact in size which I find a bit odd to hold at first but I got used to it and later realized that the compact size is actually an advantage. The pictures are clear and crisp. BUT, I didn't like that it takes 2 full seconds to complete one shot and a full 5 seconds to be able to get a next shot. I recharged the battery again for a very long time because I thought it just needed a fully recharged battery. Sadly, even then, the camera is still slow for me. For regular uses (i.e., taking pictures of people, scenery, etc) it might be okay. But I take pictures of my dogs and before it snaps the shot, my dogs have already moved. My old Canon PowerShot SD700 IS from 8 years ago took pictures in rapid successions. Also, the camera itself is Made in Malaysia and I prefer Made in Japan. I know some will say that this is no big deal nor it is important at all but this is a very important detail to me when it comes to electronics.
camera|I found this to be a good, compact camera so far. I was not too happy that it came without a memory card, but otherwise I was impressed.
camera|I give it a 3 star, so far. Plus I am not happy it is 50 dollars cheaper than when I bought it not long ago. I'm not impressed with it. With any movement, the pics are blurry...
camera|I'll keep this short.I am pleased with this camera, and have nothing negative to say about it, however, the software is a nightmare.Currently my computer is running Mac OS 10.6.8 (Snow Leopard).According to the instruction manual, after clicking the Disc icon on the desktop to open the installation folder, there should have been a download icon to begin the process.It was not present. It is not buried in any other folders. There simply is no way for me to install the software. Therefore, I am still unable to upload my photos.
camera|I own a Canon A570 IS, a Canon T1i and this is the 3rd one I got as a loyal Canon customer. This time I am a little disappointed. My 4 year old A570 IS takes better picture than this one.So the pros:1. Sleek Design2. Slow motion movies3. Vivid colors4. Battery life is good.Cons:1. Grainy starting at moderate ISO - I understand the sensor size is small, but as I wrote before A570 IS was not that grainy -- And ideally this should be better because this has a CMOS sensor.2. Very difficult to change the settings - no dedicated buttons3. No Manual mode4. Less value for money - this capability you can get in cheaper cameras too.Overall, I am okay with this camera. I wish, I had invested that $200 in buying a lens.
camera|This is a great little camera to have with you, as are most point-and-shoot cameras. The widest angle is enough for landscapes and the zoom is useful, as long as you don't need anything super powerful. The best part? It's GREEN!Usually, when I plan on being somewhere photogenic, I bring my DSLR and a couple lenses. If I'm going to be shooting action, birds in flight, anything moving fast, the DSLR is obviously much more suited for the job. Thing is, I can't lug a big DSLR everywhere and sometimes it's nice to have something uber incognito. The Elph 110HS does that.Image quality is pretty good for a point and shoot, at least up to about ISO 800. ISO 1600 is a little noisy and, although it likes to be at ISO 3200 indoors, the image quality at that ISO is noisy. The video shooting is also pretty good, although don't try to pan too fast or the resulting video will give you motion sickness.I only have a few issues with the camera. There is no way to manually set aperture or shutter speed (with the exception of "long shutter" mode). Some people like effects modes, but I just find them... extra-ish.To sum up, it's a great little take-everywhere point-and-shoot camera for the price, image quality is more than adequate for a point-and-shoot, the video's good, and it's GREEN! The lack of manual adjustments for aperture and shutter speed aren't there, but it's top-notch for a point-and-shoot.
camera|I bought this at Cost** for what I thought was a decent price. I've owned two Powershot Elphs in the past (most recently the SD850), and thought it would be a consistent "can't go wrong" product. I was wrong. If I figure out how to post examples, I will. The issues are:(main issues)The lens distorts faces (sometimes elongating them)It misinterprets lightingIt sometimes produces weird visual effects ("bright areas", "halos")(less important issues)The user interface isn't as intuitive as previous Powershots, but with practice it can be figured out.It takes more clicks to get to specific settings than my previous Powershots.The movies are in a format that can't be uploaded to Facebook, and I had trouble uploading to YouTube.This camera is going back, thank goodness for Cost**'s liberal return policy. I should have known there would be issues if even dpreview.com or kenrockwell.com didn't review this camera. Both give the Powershot S110 a great review. It's twice the price; however, looks like it will be consistent with my previous Powershots at a price consistent with previous Powershots.
camera|PLEASE BE AWARE THAT A MEMORY CARD IS NOT INCLUDED W/THE CAMERA!!! YOU MUST ORDER OR PURCHASE ONE ELSEWHERE, OR YOUR GIFT TO A LOVED ONE WON'T BE AS MUCH FUN CHRISTMAS MORNING AS DESIRED.
camera|...and I had/tried almost all of them. Purchased it to replace 300HS, went right back to the store. Even with class 6 card and the smallest image size it is still slooooow!!! Screen is nice, Optics are OK (same barrel distortion as 300 HS). Bought a refurbished 310HS straight from Canon store - a lot better camera, fast, bigger zoom, less wide (so less barrel distortion). Would not recommend 110HS to anybody.
camera|This camera is not as good as the model #310hs. It differnedly falls short. Auto focus, slow and not as sharp.
camera|I bought this camera for a trip. It was very small and light, which was perfect. I had looked at the small cameras available and none of them had a viewfinder, so I selected Canon based on reviews and past experience with the brand. The photos came out fine except for those where I was unable to see the screen (sunlight, reflections, etc.).
camera|Out of all the camera's i sampled none managed to capture anyone in a more perfect light than the canon powershot elph 110 hs,at the most affordable price and enjoyable size.i instantly fell in love.I ordered it off amazon apprehensive about my first mail order purchase and was delighted at how fast and easily it came in.I've taken countless pictures and havent been dissappointed with a single one as of yet
camera|The ELPH 110HS is a great little point & shoot camera, it is light and compact and can be tucked away easily but there are a few negatives which I will be pointing out and let me start with the main reason which ultimately ruined this otherwise great little camera. I realized every photo I took with the flash ON emits a dark shadowy patch towards the right-bottom side of the image. If you think this camera takes absolutely great photos, you're right! Pictures with lots of natural lighting and/or outdoor scenes without using the 'flash', yes, but double-check your photos by taking some indoor shots with the flash ON and preferably with lighter backgrounds and you will see what I mean. I didn't think it was a big deal if it didn't hurt the actual images, but all the photos I transferred to my laptop had the problem -- a dark fuzzy, shadowy blotch towards the bottom right! I tried every settings until my thumb got sore from pressing the 'flushed' setting buttons but nothing helped. Then I realized this was caused by the positioning of the flash lens. The Canon had the flash located on the left side of the camera (right side if you're viewing a pic of the product) and when the camera is turned ON, the lens extends and therefore blocking a quarter of the light when the flash is activated. I tried taking a few shots with my left index finger 'doubling' as extending the lens from the Canon and every shot I took with my finger extended, the shadow increases more and more on the bottom-right of the screen. Note that I didn't cover any part of the lens but only slightly blocking a portion of the light from the flash and therefore created this mystery shadow. This further validated my claim and assured of the culprit. The only way to remedy this is to zoomed in the lens a bit.Images looked fabulous when shot outdoors w/o the flash but I noticed that it also inherited some linear distortion and field curvature (barrel effect) on most of my photos, in other words cars looks stretched toward the edges of photos, light poles are bent in, and rounded objects like my wall clock looked oval. I believed most cameras with wide-angle lenses emits this effect. But overall, the camera takes takes more than satisfactory photos. It has great color-balance and very little noise. Close-up viewing (1:1) is still very good without revealing too much noise or artifacts.Regarding the black spot, I am really hoping that this is a defect with the model I received. The camera has been returned and I repurchased another one. I will update the review should there be any noticeable differences or improvement.Cons:1.) The power button: Yes, THE BUTTON (instead of a sliding switch) this causes me to accidentally turned the camera on and off whenever storing or removing from its case. This also happens during removal of the SD card and battery (for charging) vice versa.2.) Menu setting buttons: Works great but they are stiff! Not very easy and doesn't provide much of a tactile feel because they are 'flushed' throughout the panel. My right thumb literally got sore from operating this camera when selecting options or previewing photos.3.) Battery/SD card release cover is flimsy. Sliding it back and forth will certainly grind off the little tabs which will eventually leave it hanging.4.) Zoom (video): Emits a wheezing sound when used rendering your precious materials virtually useless.5.) Battery life: Short!6.) Noticeable Linear Distortion and Field Curvature.Pros:1.) Very compact, light and stylish2.) Wide angle lens3.) Great outdoor photos, or when flash is not in use for indoor photos.4.) Night shots are very good and retaining rich colors such as red.5.) Great HD Video with Stereo recording6.) Separate/external battery charger (can also be charge from computer by using the same USB cable, but much slower).7.) Handles great during low-light situations
camera|I am pleased with the pictures this little camera takes and, because of its size, is easy to take wherever you go.
camera|This camera is small, extremely easy to use, and takes superb pictures for a unit this size. Perfect to take anywhere. Highly recommended for a high resolution, point and shoot camera, at at affordable price.
camera|I was excited about the purchase and as soon as it arrived and I charged it up and hit the power button, the camera reported a Lens retraction error on the LCD. The zoom never retracted again, Im not sure if the Holiday shipping ruined it in transit, as the box was all bent up, and the camera box itself isn't &#34;sealed&#34;. However I was going to give a second chance to it, but Amazon didn't have any units available to replace it with, so I took that as a sign to g o for something more solid. Perhaps the x260, maybe the better bet.
camera|I received a defective unit, the most of buttons don't work properly, and the menu button doesn't even work. Image quality is not as expected.
camera|Before you buy this camera, ask yourself: do I have butter fingers? If the answer is even remotely close to yes, run away from this camera and find something sturdier. Or at least buy the drop insurance! It's so small and light that it ends up being front-heavy when the lens pops out. If you've forgotten to loop the cord over your wrist and the camera slips out of your hands, it will hit the floor lens-first and you will no longer have a functioning camera. From what I've read online, what happened to me is not uncommon and repair costs more than I paid for it.It seemed like a really nice camera, but I dropped mine within seconds of trying to take my first photo with it. Since the damage was my fault, I'm out $130 and would like to save others the experience. Be very careful with this thing!
camera|Shutter has delays not as fast as advertised. Was disappointed in product for price. Will not purchase a cannon again
camera|I bought this camera in Feb after quite a bit of research. I have used it mainly for trips and have been impressed with the quality of images and video. I like the feel of the camera. I *did* find some of the menus difficult to navigate, but once I figured it out it was fine.While on a trip after only having the camera for 5 months, the lens would not retract. No matter what trick I tried, it was stuck. And useless. When this happened, the camera was just sitting on the dinner table after taking a picture of the food. I then handed to the camera to the waiter and it broke. Therefore, I had to go out and buy ANOTHER camera.Canon did make warranty repair quite easy and painless. They sent me a new camera within a week. Still very inconvenient to have a camera that is not even 6 months old just stop working. A brief search shows that this is a common problem with this brand.I likely will not buy another canon digital camera in the future.
camera|It's a nice camera with auto everything. This is what drew me to buy the camera. However, when taking a picture there is a delay while it does it stuff which make me miss the subject when its moving.
camera|I LOVE THIS CAMERA!The pictures it takes are BEAUTIFUL and the color of the camera is pretty cool! it also has cool filters to take funky pictures with. I would totally recommend it! I hope I don't lose or break this one!
camera|I really can't review it since I find it hard to understand. I haven't been able to figure it out yet and have not had time to listen to the CD
camera|I just received this camera, and have been very disappointed - I plan to return it. The photos all come out fuzzy. I don't know if this one is just defective, or if the lens quality is just poor in general on this model.
camera|I just purchased the camera and am becoming familiar with it. I like the camera, but detest the fact that the user guide is in a very unfriendly format for printing out and reading. It is difficult to learn a product while sitting in front of a computer reading a pdf.
camera|This is my third Canon camera. I have never been disappointed. Love this camera, quite great in pink!! Takes beautiful pics and video. Excellent choice and value
camera|This is the third Canon power shot I have ordered in the past two months and all three of them were defective. The first two were in the 2300 series and neither of the shutter buttons worked. Neither of them would take pictures. Exact same problem with both of them. So I decided to upgrade and pay more for the ELPH series. Low and behold, same problem with shutter button. It will not take a picture. I don't know if Amazon or Canon has a probelm but somebody sure does.
camera|I got this thing back in August 2012. It is now November 2012, and the lens spazzes out when I turn it on. The flash will go off randomly every now and then (and I have seen it do so when the camera was off???) The camera resorts to shutting down in response, so it is completely useless. But when it WAS working (and this seems to be a common complaint now that I'm getting around to the other negative reviews) the picture-taking was incredibly delayed and took forever to focus and snap (about 1 to 2 seconds ... sometimes more). I did NOT drop it in liquid or expose it to harsh elements. Extremely dissatisfied with this purchase. Going to Costco from now on for camera needs so I at least know I'll get quality for the price, and I know they'll stand behind their product when it comes to returns whether I gambled with a warranty or not.
camera|Great camera.Very easy to use, but, must read the instructions.Gives great pictures and video.The big fault in this camera that makes me very upset, is: When you activate the Zoom at the time of shooting video, the sound of the zoom appears at the sound truck of the video movie. It is SO BAD. sound as some kind of tractor. I don't know if it's only my camera...I think it is a BIG BUG in this model.If I knew it, I would not buy this Camera. How can you shoot videos with this sound appearing at the sound truck????? I don't know what to do about it !!!update: Please see the video samples in this wonderful site: [...]There you can hear the noise this camera makes. Must tell you, when you film in a quite place, the noise is much louder !!I was reading many reviews and I think I will try the Panasonic ZS20 or ZS15.I went over many sites and found that the problem of zoom nose appears at many compact cameras. Only the reviews of Panasonic ZS20 or ZS15 (Especially ZS15) say there is not any noise.Watch yourself at these links (Down at the bottom of the page you can find about 3 movies):[...][...]I can't understand why Cannon released this model with this upsetting bug. It's a shame for such company.Update:I bought Panasonic Lumix ZS15I like it.It has not any zoom noise when recording video.The Panasonic is too big.I really liked the Canon but could not stay with this zoom noise. Really upset about it.I really must mention, that the service I got from Amazon was great.When I send Amazon a message that I don't know what to do about the Zoom noise, the next day, they sent me a new Canon camera...I returned the 2 cameras, because of that noise and bout the Panasonic.Amazon = Great !!
camera|Indoor white balance is heavily shifted to yellow green even with the flash. The flash is located in a perfect location to be blocked by your fingers. Outdoor photos are good but nothing so exceptional. I understand they want to make this small but the camera is not rugged. It's not cheap either.
camera|I'm no photographer, but I can appreciate the range of features on this little device, and the technical quality/clarity of the images it produces. I like the size, the ease of use, and the still/video modes.
camera|Love the camera, but hate the fact you can't use normal batteries, had to purchase extra battery pack so you can have a back up(more money) so that doesn't make it very convienient to use on the go like camping where you have no place to set up a charger.the camera is small and sleek and easy to use, takes great pictures and videos.that battery part is stupid
camera|I wanted a camera that can take quick and quality photos, short high quality video, and would fit easily in my pocket.This camera does all that and more.Takes great low light photos.Start up time is super quick.And, it's really cute in red - great color.Definitely worth the cost.
camera|It is much more complicated to operate than I would have realized. I am not happy with it & would love to return it if I could but I have taken 3 or 4 pictures.
camera|I literally just opened it! I was soo excited, and put the battery pack in it and once I turned it on, I noticed the screen turn on and then it turned black with a message on the bottom left saying there was a lens error and I need to restart it. I literally just turned it on and it broke on me already! So disappointing! And angry!! I need a replacement by the 22nd. Was hoping to bring this with me to Taiwan.
camera|I loved your product was very helpful for me and him and I knew already recommended that arrived in perfect condition and I am sharing good times with the product
camera|Looking for a small point and shoot for vacation instead of the SLR... Decided on this one. Usual Canon features, 8X optical zoom works for video too. SO far so good..got the electric blue one...sweet!!!
camera|I'm not happy with this camera. First, it was much smaller than my previous camera. Thus, the components were smaller and harder to manage. I still have not been able to get past some of the instructions. Too many features loaded into too few "buttons."
camera|I preordered this camera and couldn't wait to receive it. Once I got it, it just didn't meet my expectations. It is very compact which is ok, but my nails kept pushing the wrong buttons. The 1080p HD video is awesome, I actually bought a 10 class SD card and there was a huge difference compared to using a class 4 card. I didn't like how photos came out in low lighting the auto light just seems to not work to my liking. It does take great outdoors photos. It reminds me a lot of the Canon SD1400 IS just a step better. So sadly I will be returning this camera and I'm going to give Sony a try :)
camera|The first problem I ran into was that as packaged by Cannon, the camera doesn't work. It requires an additional flash memory card. And I don't recall that being mentioned in the camera's advertisement/description. This was confirm to me by Cannon customer support (very polite and helpful) after I fumbled around with the camera for several days. One would think the camera would have a minimal amount of built-in memory, at least enough to take a few pictures, but not so.The other annoyance I had was the software that accompanies the camera. I have yet to figure out how to print a photo smaller than a full page. I've checked through the cannon software and if it's there, it's not obvious... at least to me. I had no problem using a third party applications though, so not a major problem.Ultimately, the photo quality is great and the camera is easy to use.
camera|I purchased this from Best Buy because I needed a smaller, higher quality camera than what was built into my phone. This unit appears to take really nice pictures when you look at the LCD preview on the back, but when you blow up the pictures, they are grainy and noisy.The manual that comes with the camera is incomplete and not very helpful. You'll have to print out a more detailed manual on the included CD. Virtually none of the special features and modes of the camera are revealed in the minimalist printed manual.The camera's response time is not bad but could be improved upon. There is still a noticeable and frustrating delay when pressing the take-picture button. Auto-focus is time-consuming. The auto-settings features is nice and appears to do a decent job of switching settings based on the scenario it detects.The camera's movie system stores video in Apple .MOV format. This is not well-supported on PCs. It's the freakin' 21st century Canon! If you're going to use an industry standard codec like H.264 then store the file in an industry standard format like .MPG instead of an annoying, proprietary Quicktime format!Battery life is also not very impressive. Overall, I think this camera is a disappointment. There are some plusses.. I think the wide angle lens is nice. But there are more superfluous features like shooting in black and white and goofy modes when there should have been more meat-and-potatoes things like BETTER IMAGE QUALITY.In the end, I got this device to augment my phone's camera and the improvement was marginal and not worth the extra expense and need to carry a separate camera. Canon is going to have to step up their consumer grade pocket cameras if they want more sales. The Elph isn't cutting it.
camera|when it's not so dark, the lighting will make the picture so dark, worse than my iphone&#12290; too disappointment, hehe
camera|dilivery is good, the camere is no problem, but I don't have the wrist strap with my camera.It always comes with the camera. The guide book also shows that the wrist strap is included in the package.I buy it for my mom because I think it's easy for her to use and carry with, she's 60 now. without wrist strap, I' afraid she will drop the camera some day.
camera|Many other have comments on the photo quality, so I will skip that. The point that I would like to point out is that the camera is unable to charge via USB. I didn't even bother to check that before I bought the camera, because I couldn't fathom that a device in 2012 couldn't be charged via USB. I find this quite annoying, because now I have to bring the wall mount charger with me instead of just a USB cable the USB power adapter that all of my other devices use. For data the camera also uses the mini USB connector instead of the micro USB connector that pretty much all other devices use today. The battery gauge also doesn't appear to function very well. When I was testing the battery life, it went straight from a full battery bar to "Change battery pack now".These factors won't make me return the camera, but I definitely would not have bought this camera had I known about the charging short comings.
camera|I bought the Elph 110 HS to be a small, point-and-shoot camera. What I first found is that it takes a proprietary Canon battery, which has to be charged in its special charger. So you can't just get AAA or any other easily-available battery. You must carry the charger with you if you plan on taking more than 120 shots.Secondly, it is way too complicated for a point-and-shoot camera. When I try to take a photo, the screen is cluttered with icons only a true photographer could love. I'm a computer programmer well-versed in technical jargon, so this is not a camera for anyone who wants it simple.Next, the "Auto" mode decides what it thinks you want to photograph, and stubbornly draws a square around the most inane parts of a scene (in my case, it was my dog's crotch, rather than her face).Lastly, taking a photograph is not just pressing the shutter, oh, no, that would be too easy. You need to press it half-way, then focus (which it should be doing since it's on Auto), then click the rest of the way down. Half of the time it takes a picture, half the time it doesn't. It makes a sound, but there's no picture to be found.If I had time to package it & send it back to Amazon, I would, but my trip starts tomorrow. Don't buy this camera unless you want to spend a lot of time digging through the manual, and even then, it might not work. One plus, it's cute as hell.UPDATE: After using this camera for a week in Europe, I found that a lot of the overwhelming number of icons can simply be ignored. It takes great pictures, but there is a several second lag between pictures. Still don't like the half-way press before you can take a picture, and the fact that you can't recharge the battery in the camer, but I'd move its grade from a D- to a B-.
camera|this is a great little camera. works well, has an underwater mode as well. I am also able to take fairly nice fireworks shots with it as well.
camera|Met all of my expectations! Great video quality! I would definitely recommend this camera for sure yeah yeah yeah yeah
camera|I chose this Canon camera based on the many good reviews but it's really disappointing because of the following reasons.> The LCD screen couldn't show the real color. It carries greenish yellow hue. So are the photos after uploaded to the computer.> The location of flash is on top corner of camera body. Unusually high. Anyone with big fingers will block the flash accidentally and the photo will have dark section. Even my small finger sometimes blocked the flash!> The photos are too dark if set the camera on AUTO. I ended up using manual control on most of the photos - it is frustrating and so much trouble trying to adjust functions when I need to take pictures quickly.Don't know if the one I received was defective, but I checked the display in a camera store and the same model camera had the same issues.
camera|my third canon elph camera. Always takes great photos. Bought a Nikon last year and hate it , blurry photos. Took the Nikon back to best buy. New zoom lens installed, no better. So I will always buy Canon. Nikon is crap.
camera|This camera was a surprise birthday gift for my daughter. She loves the size...compact to fit into her handbag or pocket. Very easy to use - great pictures result.
camera|Camera has pretty much everything you need for everyday shooting, lots of different setting which u can manually pick, but it also has auto mode. It will automatically pick the best setting for that shoot, you can actually see the mode switch to different type as you move it around. I love the one touch button for movie mode, very quick and convenient. So for the performance of this camera is great.
camera|Good camera but we were surprised to learn that we needed to buy a memory card at an additional expense, before we could even use it.
camera|Took this camera on a trip recently and it didn't survive. The screen is not durable at all and the slightest packaging pressure caused the screen to crack.
camera|Bought it last year to do videos and photos for our research projects. Great audio, great videos, easy for us novice scientists to use and transfer to computers. Loved it until today when I had it set up for a patient interview and set the video zoom. Thought everything was going well until we played it back. Gorgeous job I did on the interview, too bad you can't hear much of it over the CONSTANT CLICKING OF THE AUTOFOCUS on this video. Now I get to learn to edit audio. Awesome (sarcasm)
camera|
camera|I like using this camera with the flash off. This camera is perfect for family get-togethers where you want to take a whole bunch of pictures without the flash annoying people. The pictures come out beautifully. Following the advice in other reviews, I turned the &#34;auto&#34; feature off. It creates a delay when you snap the picture. I took it on a trip to Italy and got some truly amazing photos.
camera|Love the camera (4.5 stars!) and all its different shooting scenarios, ie Fish Eye Lens, Color Accent, Miniature, very neat. Image quality is great. My only complaint about this camera is that the lens is too big and heavy for the body of the camera. The lens creates a small shadow in the corner of the image because it blocks some of the flash when shooting. This happens especially when using the macro setting because you are closer to the subject of the image. Also, if you set the camera down in between shots (which I do for taking retail pictures, constantly rearranging the products or backgrounds for different shots) it will topple over on the lens even on a flat surface. Other than these two minor issues, I love the camera and would highly recommend it.
camera|I had a canon from prior SDH ELP 1400 and am very satisfied with it... This is definitely an upgrade over my last one, most specially in the recording where I now get a 1080... this is an awesome product, and definitely can recommend to all...
camera|Bought as a replacement for a camera much like this one. This one is a bit more complicated, but the problem is probably me, not the camera. Pictures look good, what else is there to add.
camera|I love this camera because it makes a very good quality pictures and video. Very easy to use and in a very good price.
camera|The camera is amazing! The recording quality is top notch and looks fantastic! The only draw back is you can only have 10 minute videos at a time.
camera|I LOVE my this camera. I photograph my kiln fired glass work mostly and the photos are great. I would definitely recommend this camera.
camera|Works good. I have yet to utilize it on vaccation and try all it's features, but it seems to be worth what I paid. I just have to get a decent size memory card to go in it since it came with none.
camera|It is a great little camera. It has taken memorable pictures that were mountable. I would recommend this to anyone.
camera|Just received the camera. It was very easy getting started getting the batterie charged and setting time and day. Very small and compact. Looking forward to using it.
