camera|I am by no means a photography expert, so I'll keep this short. I love the high zoom capability of this camera, and the image stabilization seems to work well enough for 20x zoom. The image quality is good. I'm very pleased with this camera.
camera|I can't find a complaint. I'm a Canon fan and tend to look to keep it in the family. My Favorite features are the zoom lens, picture clarity and the color accent.
camera|A machine that surprised my expectations! She does not pretend to be a professional machine, but it is very close to it! It has innumerous features very easy to use. Its zoom is very good and shoots with excellent quality.
camera|The controls are well-placed, the display is nice and bright, and the pictures are great.Sometimes if you are trying to take a picture in a darker room, the camera has trouble trying to focus and your shot may be blurry. With normal lighting, or outside, shots will be impressive.
camera|Bought this camera after my Kodak z612 started acting up; it was more than 5 yrs old. Was really disappointed that Kodak was done with cameras as I loved it. As a replacement I first bought a Nikon L810 because it was similar style to my Kodak but had an even bigger zoom and had pretty good reviews. It was either defective or just a terrible camera because nothing would focus and there was blur in almost every picture.Amazon was great about returning it but I still had to find a new camera. I went to Best Buy so I could actually try some out and see them first hand. This one was on sale for $199 and everyone was checking it out. I was a little hesitant because of the smaller size than my Kodak but as soon as I picked it up I was impressed. The zoom is much larger than my Kodak even with the smaller size. The options are great and so many to choose from. The video just requires a quick click of a button, no switching settings like my Kodak. No blur and good, easy focus. I am now loving the smaller size since it is much easier to tote around but still has an amazing 20x zoom! Most smaller cameras only have a 5x zoom. The image stabilization works great. That was another concern about getting a smaller camera, with less to hold onto I was worried that there would be too much shaking especially with the full zoom. Amazingly, this has not been a problem. I took pics of my kids at the bottom of the sledding hill, zoomed further than the optical zoom and they turned out crisp and clear. So did the video. Speaking of the video, other reviewers mentioned a high pitch noise. I only noticed any kind of background noise while zooming in and out and it wasn't that loud. That seems to be the biggest and almost only complaint about this camera and I am soooo happy I didn't let it get in the way of deciding on this camera! Love it!
camera|So far this camera seems to work great. Lots of good reviews and a nice price tag for the features is the reason I bought this camera.
camera|I am impressed by how well this can capture pictures in lower light - pictures good enough for the web. Even with the smaller max aperture, the CMOS sensor seems to do the job. We keep the GPS off, so the battery is lasting a long time (still half full after one week of maybe 15-30 pictures a day.)
camera|I like the size of this camera. I like to carry it my pocket most of the time to take pictures when the situation occurs. With a small case, I can carry the camera, spare card and battery comfortably in my pocket. I also like the GPS position info and optical zoom. The videos are great too.I would suggest this camera for anyone that likes to take lots of candid pictures.
camera|Clear well lit zoom and ability to make adjustments. Canon products seem to always perform best for me in my picture taking of scenery and family.
camera|Got this to replace the old cannon point and shoot that my three year old go a hold of and broke. I absolutely love this camera and for the price it is great. It's like having the luxury of my husbands fancy paparazzi camera in a compact size that I can carry in my purse. The images are so crisp even when zoomed completely out. LOVE IT!
camera|So far so good, like the zoom but appears to be a little jumpy, takes a couple seconds to adjust. Picture quality is really nice though. Is light weight and fits in your pocket with a decent zoom. Is what I wanted
camera|Great camera, lots of versatility, do not let a baby hold it though. Love the zoom and different settings too.
camera|Just what I expected for a point and shoot! I mostly leave it on the easy setting and get tons of amazing pictures. I have two little kids so I needed a camera to throw in my bag for those "on the fly photo shoots". It does its job. As always I am impressed with this Canon product. :-)
camera|Easy to use and excellent pictures. Picture quality with the long zoom is excellent. The placement of the popup flash is a bit annoying but doesn't hamper picture taking or quality.
camera|I would recommend this product. I bought it to take quality pictures of my artwork because I love Canon products and new I would have great results.
camera|Bought it during sales period.It is made in Japan with high quality.The functionality is also good enough for normal daily scene shots.
camera|very good camera, pictures really good quality, zoom very nice, the accesory GPS is a good stuff. I only miss the panoramic feature
camera|We did a lot of research for this one! It's a great size, takes wonderful pictures and it's easy to use. For some reason, the 12.1 MP seems to take clearer pictures than our previous 16.1 MP. Very happy with this one.
camera|This is an excellent camera. Love it very much. I would highly reccommend it to eveyone in need of a new camera.
camera|I dropped the Canon we used to have while on vacation and bought a Sony to replace it. We were disappointed with the Sony, but pretty much stuck with it. Finally the motor started to die in the Sony after a couple years which made us very happy, because it gave us justification to buy a new Canon!
camera|This camera was just what I needed for a recent trip. The pictures turned out wonderful in all kinds of light and venues. I haven't yet explored all it will do, but for an inexperienced photo person, it was beyond my expectations. I now feel confident that I can go to the next level with this camera. It is easy to use and fits in my jacket pocket.
camera|Just exactly what I wanted. Small enough to fit in a pocket, powerful enough for great photos. Easy to use with the point and shoot &#34;auto&#34; setting.
camera|I recommend this camera to travel buddies; its battery lasts for hours + colored video camera. I did not like not having the choice to define the resolution (to minimize size), but you can resize the pictures from the cam studio.
camera|I've been waiting to get a camera for a couple years, i LOOVE taking photos and I absolutely love this camera. It is sooo great, highly recommend.
camera|An awesome camera for its price. Probably the better in its category.Canon gives you a digital cam with a lot of possibilities for a very low cost. The HD recording it's excellent!I loved it :)
camera|It is one of the best canon Camera i have . it is great for traveling, i just love it
camera|Already enjoying my Canon PowerShot SX260 HS 12.1 MP CMOS Digital Camera with 20x zoom. It allows me to take pictures without messing with lots of adjustments. The pictures are crisp and clear.
camera|This is a great little camera! Small, heavy, durable. Pictures are clear and colorful with options for snow, fireworks, gymnasium lighting, etc.
camera|My wife loves it very much. It looks even better than in the pictures, with black line on the top and the bottom line. The camera is also cute with a small flashlight at the left side. Love it!
camera|I received this camera several days ago. I am just a casual picture-snapper and it had been more than a decade since I bought a new camera. I knew a lot had changed during that time, so I set aside a full day to familiarize myself with it. I was pleasantly surprised at how easy and quick it was to set up the software from the enclosed cd and get the camera ready to go. I found the manual to be clear and easy to follow. Within a short time I was downloading photos to my computer and editing them. It certainly didn't take all day! So far I am very pleased with the quality of the photos and I think the camera has enough features to keep me happy for a long time. The zoom is great!
camera|Love this camera, it does take extremely clear photos with digital stabilization. the Zoom is wonderful.Highly recommend it, especially in fucia so no one will take it :0
camera|Lots of features, easy to use, good quality photos, and a decent price. I have only had it less than a month, but I really like it so far and can recommend it.
camera|I am a dedicated Canon user. I wanted a good quality camera that takes quality pictures, without having to read an inch thick manual to use it. It has a lot of great features, but is also great on auto mode for those busy people like me who don't have time to 'learn' a camera. Have never regretted buying this camera to take pictures of my kids.
camera|I got it discounted on some daily promo. Read a few reviews and ended buying it. It performs great, just as expected.
camera|The camera Canon PowerShot SX 260 HS has met all my expectation. It's a good camera after you get known its features. Only 1 thing is not convenient - flash lamp that pops up right under your finger.
camera|This camera has a great zoom, it's easy to carry around everywhere, and has no drawbacks that I've seen. I'm definitely glad I bought it.
camera|Product is exactly as described. It's a convenient point and shoot type camera that you don't lose quality or functionality. The resolution is incredibly good, just the most simplistic pictures are clear and crisp, even when you zoom in or blow up the camera shots to a larger size it's not pixely. Would definitely recommend this to anyone who's loooking for a camera to use on the go that you don't have to lug around a tripod or 5 lb lens.
camera|I have owned Canons before and this fits my needs. It is a good quality camera at a good price. What drew me to it, besides being a Canon product, was the 20x zoom. Good for traveling, getting a good long distance shot. I am not a pro photographer, just someone who wants a good grab and go camera.
camera|After researching several different brands of cameras, I always seem to come back to Canon! This one certainly lives up to the high standards I have experienced with the! other Canon cameras I have owned
camera|I really do like this camera it is small enough to fit in your pocket but yet takes almost as good of pictures as my expensive 50d slr does,my only complaint would be is that when you are recording video at a concert it does not like bass at all,I took it to Alicia Keys concert in Grand Prairie I took pictures and recorded some of her songs,whenever there was bass I think it was vibrating the mic distorting the music when you played back the video,but I have not taken any other cameras to a concert so this may be a common issue.But other than loud concerts I think this is a great camera.
camera|Todo muy bien...La estoy disfrutando muy buenas fotosEspero poder comprar otras mas y disfrutarlas como esta que tengo ahora
camera|This camera has exceeded every expectation I had ... I take a lot of pictures of birds and I don't know how many people after seeing the photos have asked me if I'm a professional photographer.. the zoom has to be seen to be believed.... no problem holding it still with the stabilizing feature..it takes 10 shots in a high speed burst which is great for what I'm doing ....has more features than I will ever use.. I carry it on my belt all the time and I don't even notice it's there.. I would recomemmend it highly for someone who wants to take great photos and movies but doesn't want to break the bank.
camera|I haven't found any problem with this camera or anything that I dislike. and the zoom is magnificent. (got it? magnificent.)
camera|Took it on vacation in place of our other behemoth Canon and it was absolutely great. Very portable, very nice photos, the batteries seem to last long enough between charges where it isn't an inconvenience, very flexible as far as lighting (but I'm no expert). The movies were good, too, (but not a pro-quality) and the image stabilization was adequate.
camera|This camera is awesome and well worth every penny! So glad I decided to get this one over all the rest! The pictures are amazing!
camera|This was a gift for my wife, and looks like I got a good deal on it $199. I'm pretty brand-loyal to Canon but looked around instead of just assuming. This camera gets great reviews and with a 20x optical zoom I figured itd be perfect. So far so good. Cant complain about anything so far, it's a solid camera that takes great pictures.
camera|All I can say is I absolutely Love It. Easy to handle - Takes Excellent Photo's - Focuses quite well on moving objects since I'm a birder - Just FUN to Use! Guarantee. I recommended this Camera over others. Just can't keep my hands off it.
camera|As someone that is completely technophobic the camera is easy to use and it takes very nice pictures. For anyone that has the same problems dealing with technology, I would defiantly recommend this camera
camera|Could not ask for a finer point and click camera. There are so many different settings on this thing that we're still toying with it a month later. There is a setting for everything from the standard black and white to a sharp vivid colors mode, with perfect modifications in between. Not to mention the not so standard tools; you can edit the pictures using only the camera, there's a gps feature to help tag your pictures, up to 20x zoom, the list goes on. This camera is the perfect fit between a point and shoot camera and a pro grade one, and I'd recommend it for beginners and picky experts alike.
camera|I could not be more pleased with this camera, as my wife loves it and it takes great quality pictures and video. It's also easy to use and figure out the advanced features. Plus when using the 20x zoom, the stability is very good. Not perfect mind you, but as close as you can get.I did a lot of research before this purchase and this camera beats out the more expensive travel zooms models: Panasonic Lumix DMC-ZS20, Sony Cybershot DSC-HX20V, and especially the Nikon Coolpix S9300. Don't let the smaller 12.1 megapixel number fool you. It doesn't matter unless you plan to print a poster-board picture at full HD... I don't think you want to. The video is maybe a little better on the Sony, but the Canon still delivers great full HD 1080p video and overall it is the best pick.
camera|I got this camera to replace a beat-up old Canon camera that wouldn't die despite being dropped on concrete numerous times. The lens always stuck closed, but I dealt with it because the camera was so good.I got this one as a replacement several months ago, and so far I'm very pleased with it. It feels just as sturdy, the pictures are excellent, and it is amazing in its ability to automatically switch focus from distance to macro closeups.They have changed the lens to overlapping leaflets, which is probably to correct the sticking problem, but it seems like a really vulnerable area now. We'll see. I will definitely try to protect it from sandy/dusty environments, but any fine camera deserves no less. I've been very happy with my purchase!
camera|The camera is fantastic, with 20x image we are able to get shots of wild life, particularly birds that we could never get, and the clarity is amazing. We have printed 8x10's and framed them with very good results.
camera|This has been a relatively easy camera to learn to use which considering the amazing amount of functions is quite something. It has taken some amazing photos and i have to say the ones that haven't come out well have been due to user error during the learning phase. The size is good for taking with you anywhere, it is heavier than my last one of equal size but not a real problem. The battery life is very good even with heavy usage of flash, the video does drain it a lot faster but I don't use that function too often although with the quality of the video I might start using it more! Talking of the flash this is something I saw in other reviews before i bought the camera and they were right, it is in a bad spot, it tends to be where you have your hand so when it goes to pop up your hand is in the way. I will get used to it and hold it differently but can be annoying. All in all great value for the money and a great option for me when I don't want to take my full blown SLR and lenses with me as this takes fantastic shots.
camera|Pros:-The 20x zoom is very useful and the stabilization mechanism is adecuate.-Works very good in low light condition, even without flash.-Multiple shot mode is really nice and at full resolution. And it's quite noiseless.-Body is almost completely made of metal, rather than plastic.-Shutter button feels comfortable and responsive-Camera powers on/off in less than 2 seconds-A lot of manual adjustments can be made, including aperture, focus, or shutter speed.-I liked the quality of the screen, the resolution is good enough.-The video resolution can be up to 1080 at 25fps in normal mode, and up to 480 at 120fps in slow motion mode. The recorded sound is very good.-Compared with the canon elph300hs (a nice point and shoot which I own), the image quality is much more detailed and less noisy, even though the elph300hs is not a bad camera at all.Cons:-The mechanism for pop open/closing the flash is not very likeable:even though I disabled the flash in the camera setup, the flash still could be activated once again by changing to a scene mode that had flash ON by default. I would rather prefer allowing the flash ONLY when the main setup permits it.-The video mode won't allow any possible adjustment (rather than change resolution, of course), only zoom in/out, which I find quite limited. Recording videos in low light conditions is rather noisy and dark.-The battery will run out very quickly when recording videos.
camera|Recomiendo altamente esta camara la cual viene con muchos ajustes autom&aacute;ticos y manuales que le dan mucha flexibilidad y opciones para los diferentes gustos. Es camara fotogr&aacute;fica y video camara a la vez con muy buena prestaci&oacute;n
camera|My wife likes it and she's very picky. Great for her purse so that we always have a camera with us.
camera|I've purchased several digital camera's trying to find the perfect one...large zoom, quick reset once picture taken, and small enough to put in my purse. I have a 7 year old so I'm always taking pictures and catching action shots quickly is a must. FINALLY, I found the camera that does it all. The picture quality is great. I'm completely happy with this camera.
camera|I really like Canon camera products, and had an older Powershot that I'm upgrading from as I had the other camera for years now, and it was time! Well, this camera is a great step-up from that with excellent quality images, great zoom capabilities, and for the beginner user, even an &#34;easy use&#34; setting that helps you out! For the advanced user, you can still program things to your desire as well. Love it- even when trying to photograph indoors without flash and kids on the go, it works well for me!
camera|As for any Canon, this is a great camera for the higher end of the amateur breed. I have an SX230 for myself (I bought this one for my sister), which is also great. I bought this one thinking that it was just a 230 with better zoom, but in addition it packs some additional goodies. Not enough to make me upgrade mine, tough...Summary: it is a great camera for its price range. As with any Canon, you won't be disappointed.
camera|well the cannon is nearly perfect, it is normally easy to handle,just some features are too many of choices, than the adjustment is not as easy as in previous models.I think the engineers always try to put more in these cameras make it more to the gimick generation than to make it simpler to use and to adjust..love still my DMC-ZS1 the best
camera|We have always owned Canon cameras but never a small pocket camera. This does the job well. It takes great pics and has a very nice zoom. We highly recommend it !!
camera|I wanted a point and shoot camera with a good zoom lens to replace my previous canon power shot, purchased about 5 years ago. This camera is easy to use, and the zoom lens is great! It's not the best performer out there for cameras in the class with regardd to shot-to-shot lag time, but the image quality is excellent. Image stability is great, pictures are sharp, and there are a ton of useful features. I've had no problem capturing sharp pictures of my very active kids!
camera|Performs as expected. Still learning all the features...it just takes time. I plan to use it on a trip in March.
camera|For its price its a really good deal. .. I can take pictures quickly. Recently I had been to the Amazonas with this camera and was quite handy. Its image stabilization is quite amazing ...
camera|Great piece of equipment, easy to operate. Came well in advance as a Christmas & birthday gift for my wife to replace old camera that malfunctioned.
camera|I bought this camera for a business trip to China. I'm use to using a DSLR, but did not want to lug my camera to China. The Canon did a great job. It's convenient (fits in your pocket), has a nice large display, and the 20x optical zoom is great. I have been please with this camera.
camera|I purchased this camera so that I could improve the overall quality of the pictures I take. I also wanted to be able to mess around with SLR features, but wanted the ease of a point and shoot camera. This little beauty allows me to do both. The quality of the images is amazing and whenever I want and can change the settings to allow the camera to function more manually with shutter speed, aperature etc. The price as compared to other quality point and shoots was phenom!! Tip: Use of a tri-pod for extreme zoom is recommended!!
camera|I've been a photo junky for decades. both 35mm and digital.... Lot's of tech info on this camera on the web. Just buy it ......it is amazing....You will not believe the image quatity and features in such a value priced package.... I can't believe it...Way to go CANON.... You've done it again..... This camera will make you think twice about lugging around a DSLR....
camera|I like the size and ease of operation, however, the manuel did not explain when should you use the different features. All in all I would recommend this product to anyone that is looking for a neat camera .
camera|takes beautiful pics even in low lighting. Very sleek and compact yet produces high quality pics. The zoom is amazing.
camera|This camera is AMAZING! My previous camera was the canon SD750 and when the screen cracked I was more than upset. Thus, my search for a new camera began. After many hours of research online I came across the canon SX260 HS. This camera is feature packed and takes wonderful pictures. With so many picture taking options I will have to play around with the camera a bit more to familiarize myself with all of the different settings. The SX260 HS does contain an easy mode for people who simply want a point and shoot camera to produce great images. Overall I am more than pleased with this camera, it has made me quickly forget how much I loved my old SD750.Pros:-Great zoom-Very crisp and clear images-Many features and settings to assist in obtaining the best image possible-Video recording is effortless and produces great videos-Great size for such a feature packed point and shootCons:-Seems to take some time to process after picture is taken-The GPS feature does not turn off once you power down the camera. If you leave the GPS feature on and power down the camera it will drain the battery.-The flash that riases is placed in an inconvenient spot
camera|This is a very fine camera. I purchased it to replace a Panasonic ZS7, and it is a major improvement for both stills and video. In particular, the Canon telephoto is much sharper at 20x than the Panasonic at 12x. The Canon is a bit larger and heavier, but it's still a great travel camera. Hopefully, I will eventually learn to hold it in such a way that my finger doesn't prevent the flash from opening, but this isn't a big problem for me since I use the "no flash" setting most of the time, relying on the camera's very good low light performance. I do wish the battery lasted longer.
camera|Canon Powershot sx260 is an excellent digital camera. Close ups are clearly focused, captures the sports and windy situations clearly without problems.Long distance range is focused and pixels are clear. Best camera I purchased compared to the SX20is and SX30is canon powershot cameras.
camera|I was in the market for a point and shoot camera to take on my recent trip to Florida. I didn't want to carry my big SLR camera around Disney World as I have done in the past. After researching and reading reviews I decided on the Canon Powershot SX260 HS. I couldn't be happier with my purchase. The camera is easy to use and takes great pictures. My seven year old granddaughter was even able to use the camera with ease. I can't say enough about the 20X zoom..........FANTASTIC! I love the different shooting modes. I was able to get great fireworks shots at Disney. The color and clarity of my printed pictures far exceeded my expectations. The only downside for me is this camera didn't come with a complete printed manual. It only comes with the getting started booklet. This camera has so many great features that I want to make use of all of them. I downloaded the manual CD and printed a copy. I find that easier than logging on to the computer when I want to read up on a particluar feature. All in all this is a great camera.
camera|The white noise on the video recording is so apparent. I just bought the camera at Best Buy and will need to return it. I created two videos using the Canon Powershot SX260 and my Canon Powershot S95. You can clearly hear the background noise with the SX260. Not sure if I want to hassle with getting another camera that may have the same problem as other reviewers have said. Not that I want to record that many videos, but the fact that it is a major glitch in this camera is super irritating.
camera|I have an older Nikon Coolpix, the quality is ok but I wanted a newer digital camera that would do nice video.Something that was user freindly that gave me a choice of getting decent video of the grandkids without having to buy a camcorder.I get great pictures without to much hassle and picture quality is very good.Sure this camera has its blurry pix or shakey video but what camera doesnt, allot of this is sometimes user error and this camera has plenty of techy settings to address all sorts of scernario's. This is'nt your highend camera but it's affordable and still gives quality pictures and video.This camera makes it simple to view and retrieve video and pictures. Right after I video my granddaughter I can hook it to the TV using a mini HDMI to HDMI and wala we can watch them seconds after shooting. Being at a family function and plugging this in looking at pictures and video with everyone is a snap!If I need to extract pix or video I just pop out the (not included) SD card and slide it into the laptop, open the folder without any software and organize them. There is also software that comes with the camera but I really havnt used it yet.I'm no camera expert, but all the controls are user freindly, the interface on-screen is easy to go through and the modes for shooting are worthey of some nice pictures.I have no problem with the flash location on top and the zoom is very nice and clear.Note: There is no sound during video playback from the camera unless I'm missing something in a menu setting.If your looking for a nice digital camera this is a good choice with all the little bells and whistles for the camera techy also.
camera|Best small camera ever the zoom is amazing and the picture quality is so clear. I would recommend this to everyone.
camera|If there's anything I could gripe about, it's that this thing is way smarter than I am...I'll never get around to using all the advanced features it has.
camera|This camera had a great price for what you need in picture taking .. The zoom is great. and it has a lot of extra's on it.Great for a medium size purse and travels light.
camera|I was looking for a camera that would take a zoom picture and also be compact and not cost me a great deal of money. This little Canon fit the bill perfectly. It also does panoramic. Something I didn't know when I bought it. Great bonus for me.
camera|About my need and what I do with my camera: I am an average Joe photographer. 90% of my pics and videos are of my 2 years old daughter. I don't/can't go in explicit technical details of a shot, all I can tell about a picture is weather I like it or not!I bought this camera due to my prior very good experience with other Canon Cameras. I had developed almost blind faith in Canon quality. I have/had Canon SD1100IS, SD1300IS, and SX200IS. I have been most happy with SX200IS with very good picture/ Video quality and it being a mega zoom camera.I thought, and had hoped for, that SX260HS would be equal or better than SX200IS. At least, all the technical specs are better. However, I think Canon tried to bite too much this time, got ahead of theirselves. They didn't need to try besting theirselves if technology couldn't support it. I am unhappy with this camera from day one, and honestly, can't wait to go back and get another SX200IS. (my daughter smashed it :( ) Here are the reasons why:1. Slow response time, at least compare to SX200IS. I can't give you exact details, but I can't seem to capture quick moments of my 2 years old daughter that I was able to with SX200IS.2. Distorted, wavey pictures often. (it is called Barrel effect I think.) Faces and objects look distorted as you go away from the center.3. HD Video zoom - didn't keep the focus while changing zoom. I got blurry, lost focus, videos often, to the point where I don't use zoom at all during video. Just a second or two of blurry focus makes the whole clip pain to watch for the rest of your life.3. HD Video - 1080P videos look choppy. Not sure if 24FPS has anything to do with it or not, bu I have hours of 720P HD video from SX200IS and it is buttry smooth. I think 720P is good for SX260HS too, but upgraded specs of 1080P aren't good for me.4. I am finding more and more blurry, lost focused pictures. I took about 10 pics outside in low lights, and 8 of them turned out to be blurry. I am Mad. I am done with this camera. I will also seriously consider buying locally to so that I can return POS like this easily, even if it costs a little bit more.There might be other reasons, but just the fact that I am not anxious to take pictures with this camera like other Canon camera's I had before makes me rate this 1 Star.edit 11/13/12: Added #4, and corrected a couple of typos.
camera|I bought this camera because of the 20x optical zoom. But it is very heavy and too small to hold steady with such a powerful zoom. But the real drawback is that it does not perform well in low light. It has a minimum aperture of only f3.5 because of the longer lens. In comparison the Canon ELPH 110 can shoot at f2.7 in dim light and its is substantially lighter in weight.
camera|Do you print larger than 16x20 images? If not I cant recommend this camera more highly. Incredibly versatile camera that blows all other point and shoots out of the water. At this price point I dare you to find a better one. It is such a pleasure to be able to pocket a camera that takes such professional looking pictures. I have been a photographer since I was 13 and am now 60. Yes I do know my way around cameras and dont listen to the photo snobs out there. If you are an amateur you will be rightly rewarded. If you are semi-pro and have a decent eye then you will be taking pictures that will exceed your expectations.
camera|I've been a fan and owner of Canon cameras, including three EOS SLR's, for more than 10 years. This camera, the third Canon point-and-shoot I've owned, is very good for a shooting a variety of photos except in low-light situations. The pop-up flash is the main glaring fault with this camera. It is located right where your left forefinger rests while taking pictures. In certain shooting modes, if the light isn't adequate, the flash will pop up. BUT, numerous times it has done this when I was attempting to take a photo and my finger stopped the flash from coming all the way up. It jammed and the camera became useless. I had to turn it off, take out the battery, re-install the battery, then turn the camera on again before I could take another picture. I've missed countless shots because of this ridiculous flash problem. Also, it's a large camera and not as easy to carry in a pocket as the previous Canon P&S's I've owned. Now, the screen on the back loses power and goes dark after a few seconds. Not Canon's best in my opinion.
camera|I bought a 260 on Nov blackfriday. It is far more than I expected. The photo is clear, and some function is powerful and helpful for ord people.
camera|The camera is very compact . But surprisingly it comes with a Made in Japan tag. Its been a long time since I saw any electronics that is not made in China.
camera|The best thing I like about this camera is my shots of moving people/things - it rarely gives me a blurry image. I am having difficulty with micro-shots, but I think I just need to practice more with the settings.
camera|I love this camera. We wanted a camera that we coudl take anywhere instead of our bulky camera. This works great, fits in any small pocket and takes great quality pictures!
camera|I have been able to take some very good pictures with this camera. Pictures are sharp and the zoom allows for some really nice pictures.
camera|I did LOTS of shopping-around, watching and reading reviews, and considering my options for DAYS before purchase. I was considering 3 different cameras, all the same style, and the reason I got this one was because of the amazingly unbelievable ZOOM power! I am so glad I did!This is a small, amazingly powerful and versatile camera. It is perfect for my use, which is: low-light indoor shots, home video shooting indoors, awesome indoor and outdoor clear pictures, the ability to capture extremely sharp and clear pictures even with some movement, and of course the &#34;see-it-to-believe-it&#34; zoom! I have taken pictures of the MOON that are of professional, even satellite quality! My family is in awe at the zoom power of this little point-and-shoot camera!WELL worth the money! I only paid about $229 for it, and will love this gadget until the day it dies. I have even dropped it (inside) a few times, with NO defects! A+++++
camera|The SX260 is easy to use and takes excellent photos. The zoom works well. It is a fine camera to have for travel, when you don't want to shlep a digital SLR.Only real negative I've noticed is that your hand tends to be in the pop-up flash area when holding the camera, so if it decides a flash is needed your hand placement may interfere with the flash rising--which I believe could cause damage if you are not quick to get out of the way. Also, the written (paper) instructions provided are minimal. You need to go to disc to really learn how best to use the camera its capabilities.
camera|It's an excellent camera with a powerful zoom, great quality clear pictures, and a clear & sharp LCD screen. More than happy....
camera|I haven't tried outdoor scenery pix yet, but my inside flash pictures are finally bright enough! The color is great too!
camera|A wonderful camera . . . I'd been using (and still do use) my Canon S90, and bought the new camera only because I wanted a more powerful zoom. This one has it! You can shoot distant birds, flowers, etc. with remarkable detail and quality. The only drawback (easily overcome, of course) is that the on/off button is placed so that, removing the camera from a belt holster, there's a tendency to push the button (and turn the camera on) when retrieving the camera.
camera|I bought this camera to take pictures of a trip to South America first Brazil Carnaval then to Chile Lakes Region. I didn't have much time to learn the camera. For a pocket zoom this camera is excellent. What I especially liked:1. Menu system is easy, very intuitive. No fighting with menus.2. Sharp zoom lens wide angle to 20X.3. Image stabilization works well Hand held pics at full zoom come out sharp.4. There are numerous shooting modes but I only used 2: Program (automatic) mode and manual mode. Most of the pics were taken in Manual mode. I would set ISO and rotate the exposure knob until the screen showed proper exposure. Pics came out true to screen display.5. Camera has fine (f) and superfine (sf) jpeg modes. I imagined that SF was better than F so i took all pics and in SF mode. Pics were about 5 MByte each pic.6. Good low light pics. For me It is hard to tell the difference between ISO 800 and 3200. No difference at all ISO 100 to 800.Summary; Pictures were spectacular! Very sharp colors vibrant. I used the 20X zoom for pics of individual dancers in the sambadroma and a the wide angle for overall shots.
camera|Put this thing on Auto and go take pictures. My wife used a Canon SD-600 for what seemed to be forever. She loved it and said she would never give it up. I bought her a Nikon S8100 when they first came out, as I wanted her to have a nicer point-n-shoot camera. She hated it. It frequently took out-of-focus pictures and was very slow to respond. She made me sell it after trying to use it for a couple of months. She was not happy with me or the camera. She went back to the SD-600. Then several months ago I bought her this PowerShot SX260 HS for her birthday. She was not happy. I told her to try it and if it didn't work out I would sell it and leave her alone to use her old SD-600. She promised to try it for two weeks and if it didn't work out I would be in the dog-house forever. Well, it turned out to take much better pictures and under more circumstances than the old SD-600, so she was mostly happy with it. She still complains (sometimes) that it's too big. It is about 1/2 inch longer than her old SD-600 and slightly heavier, so she still uses her old SD-600 sometimes. But 99% of the time she is happy to use this PowerShot SX260HS. It really does take incredible photos and it is very easy to use.
camera|The camera takes really good pictures, good point and shoot cameraThe position of the flash is kind of tricky. It pops out from the corner of the camera where you keep your fingers to hold it.But this can be easily managed after you are used to using this camera.
camera|Bought it to go on a trip and it took awesome pictures, has a lot of features I do not use, but maybe someday
camera|I bought Canon PowerShot SX260HS few weeks ago and I am very satisfied with it's performance.It's quite fast and takes amazing photos. Different modes of the camera gives ability to adjust every exposure precisely and finely.
camera|I am not a camera guru by any means. I am mostly a &#34;point, zoom, shoot&#34; girl, but so far this camera is wonderful. The quality of the pictures is amazing - clear and sharp. I want to expand my use and really get to USE the features offered, but as I said, &#34;So far, so good&#34;.One of the main reasons I chose this was the size. I wanted a pocket size camera that still offered good quality and this really fits the bill. It is a good weight; sturdy but not heavy, and it will fit into my coat pocket when I want.I will recommend this camera to any novice to mid camera user.
camera|We are really enjoying this camera and are still discovering more things it will do. The steady cam feature is great since we zoom in to take lots of pictures of birds at our feeder. The camera is small enough to keep with us on trips.Its been a few months now and we are really enjoying taking telephotos of birds. The "steady cam" feature is really great with telephoto.
camera|I really like my new camera. I've had it about 6 months and can't complain about anything. I still have my big camera, but wanted something smaller and easier to carry. I now find myself using this camer for everything and the big more expensive camera stays in a drawer. It works well for taking close-ups of items for selling on eBay as well. Having the 'half-flash feature really helps for thiose.
camera|I've had this camera for a few weeks now and nearly everything is wonderful.My minor annoyances are: 1) I regularly use a Gorillapod and on my old camera (Canon PowerShot SD850IS), I could leave the little attachment part screwed in all the time. On this camera, it screws in right on the hinge of the battery/SD card door. Bummer. 2) I don't find the labels on the settings dial second-nature yet. P mode versus Av mode? What's that overlapping-circles icon for again? Luckily, descriptions pop up on the screen if you leave the &#34;hints&#34; turned on, but I'm looking forward to the day when I don't have to think so hard about getting to the settings I want.The menu navigation is a little different than my old PowerShot, but easy to figure out and use. So far, I'm pleased with the new features, though I haven't been able to try them all yet.Overall this is a great camera and I'm anticipating many years of happy use!
camera|This has got to be the best point & shoot camera I have ever seen. It produces insanely good pictures & the 30x optical zoom is unreal! The lens quality is exceptional for a camera this small! Well worth the extra $$$ over the cheaper cameras!
camera|You can take great pictures while moving in a car, through the car window. Excellent zoom. Great pictures. One warning - the so called red camera is actually pink.
camera|I bought this camera prior to going on a tour of India. It survived the dust and performed well in many difficult situations involving motion and low light levels. This is my third Canon digital camera and it is by far the best. The 20X zoom and image stabilization allow for great closeups while standing at a comfortable distance from people, animals, etc. I experimented with the HD video and was pleasantly surprised by the high quality of the sounds and video. The battery life is accurately rated. I only had one battery which I charged each night. I shot a total of 20 GB of photos (at maximum resolution) over 17 days and never experienced a low battery. My previous digital camera had a view finder and a video display that could be moved to different angles. I thought that I would miss these features, but I didn't. This viewfinder is brighter and sharper than my previous camera's and can be viewed at a fairly extreme angle to get difficult shots. You have to learn to grip this camera from the bottom and sides because the top corners are occupied by the flash and on/off button. I used the "auto" setting for most photos unless I wanted to force a flash. The combination of great still photos and HD video in such a small package is amazing.
camera|I bought this camera 2 weeks ago based on customer reviews. The reviews were great but I was very interested in close up shots. Only a couple people mentioned close ups. So I took a chance and I am so glad I did. I take photos of my jewelry that I sell online and the picture has to be good to sell my product. I can get to within 1 inch of the object and the clear, crisp and detailed photo that I get is unbelievable. I am so happy and it is easy to use.
camera|I bought this camera about 2 months ago for a horseback riding trip through Utah. I played around with it for a few weeks before we left and was very impressed at the image quality. There are 2 basic modes, "auto" and "easy" that are both straightforward and take great pictures without fiddling around. I have yet to use the manual and live options, but I'm sure they take amazing pictures as well. My favorite features on this camera are the 20x zoom and the creative "scene" modes. While in Utah the "super vivid" mode did a phenomenal job of picking up the bright colors in the landscape. The camera is a little pricey but overall I am very happy with my purchase and continue to be impressed with the camera to this day.
camera|Works great. Image quality is most important to me and this camera meets my standards. I could recommend this camera.
camera|I bought the canon cameras from generations to generations and the CMOS DIGIC 5 with HS system is the best ever! SX260 has so many features that you need to learn and try it in a different way at every time and condition, not always using Auto all the times, thats what this camera made for. So if it get blurry that means you have to find the right way.I also have a Canon DSLR XSI which is a great camera too but compare to SX260, this camera still much better! That means, It the time to upgrade a new DSLR camera with CMOS DIGIC 5. So go get it and you never go wrong!
camera|Bought this camera based on reviews here and elsewhere for a trip to national parks in the four corners area. I absolutely love this camera!! I wanted something that had enough zoom and other capabilities to take good pictures without lugging around a big heavy camera. I used the zoom capability up to optical limit and pictures were fantastic. It took me a few days and a little experimentation to learn the full capability of "Live" mode but once I did, wow!! I could easily make adjustments for shots that had combination of sun/shade and enhance the colors to take some spectacular shots. This lead to some days were I took 200 - 300 pictures as I played with different effects.The Case Logic DCB-302 is a perfect fit for the camera and the front pouch has room for 2 extra batteries and 2 extra memory chips. Bought 2 extra batteries and was glad as easy to go thru one in a day or two when I was taking 200 - 300 shots per day. Very please with the combo pack that included two- 1200 Mah batteries and other accessories from Butterfly Photo. Bought three Transcend 8GB Class 10 SDHC memory cards which worked great as well. Camera with all of these accessories cost ~$350 on Amazon and were all well worth the price.
camera|This PowerShot has very quickly become my favorite camera to carry when I'm traveling, whether it's around town or across Europe. It's just the right size for the side pocket of cargo pants/shorts, although I think I'd hesitate to carry it in a shirt pocket - not because it doesn't fit, but because I'm afraid the weight might help it fall out more easily than a lighter camera.I'm mostly a point-and-shoot kind of guy, but occasionally I want to do a little more, and the PowerShot SX260 makes it easy without having to be a nuclear scientist.I'm 66, with less steady hands than I used to have, but the stabilization on this camera is amazing. Even at 20x, most of the shots are good, and if I'm shooting something I care about at that distance, adding my old monopod is all it takes to make a 20x shot perfect.I don't use the camera for shooting video, so I can't comment on some of the complaints about noise, but for beautiful, clear, versatile still photography in the mid-priced range, this camera is a winner for me.
camera|Got this camera yesterday, I had time to check most of the settings (no need to read the manual). Lets start for the "negatives"-yes, movies at highest resolution are slow-agree with others about the pop-up flash and your left fingers blocking it ( I set it to off)-the macro distance is not very good (I am used to my S3IS macro of ZERO!!!) but I knew this in advance from the specs-it is a little high in the $$$NOW THE GOOD:I don't have space here to list all the goodness!The zoom is incredible, super fast, camera is smaller that what it looks in the pics, the pics in auto mode come up excellent time after time: in my record this camera has the highest percentage of good shots in auto of all my previous cameras. It has a gazillion shooting modes, I see myself using the low light and night shots a lotI mentioned the $$$ in negatives, but it is worth every $$$I will update this review later on.And thanks to the other reviewers, I checked them all before buying this camera
camera|I wanted a small pocket camera with a large zoom for a trip. My son, a professional photographer recommended the Canon PowerShot SX260 HS. I am more than pleased and after seeing my photos, six (6) of my friends have also purchased same camera. The zoom is phenomenal and the clarity of the pictures exceptional.
camera|The best camera I have owned so far. Very reasonable for the price. I should include pictures because I took this baby to Europe and I couldn't have done better! FYI: I ordered this camera on a Saturday night and I was leaving to Italy on Tuesday; didn't think I would get it on time but to my surprise I got it on MONDAY! SO happy with the quality and zoom 20 x does not appear blury. Would buy from this seller again!! Thank you!
camera|Pictures are great and came out very nice..You do get to hear the mechanical movement of levers if you hear closely while recording but the main purpose for buying it was for the picture quality which is really great. There was a price reduction on this after I purchased and Amazon was nice enough to credit the reduced amount. Overall, very satisfied.
camera|Just bought this camera for a trip. Amazing pictures! The color is beautiful and the shots crisp and clear. Highly recommend!
camera|The best camera I have ever had or used.This thing hasa super zoom on it and makes video's like you were seeingit in real life.I'm not an expert but I think it can domost anything any camera on the market can do.
camera|Cristal clear picture, natural color, super "image stablization" great Low light photos. Over all I am very happy with this wonderful camera. I took over 500 pictures with this camera. Except one photo, all photos came out excellent.
camera|By far, this is my favorite camera (a pocket one) - its a bit bigger then your average pocket-sized but still much easier to carry around then a SLR. Its able to focus much faster even when zoomed in to the max (picture quality is much higher) then just about every camera within this price range. Haven't used it to take any videos (that seems to be the only complaint about it)Hope this helps.
camera|Originally i purchased the canon Sx260 and loved it. Bought it before thanksgiving so i can take photos of the family. I Loved it, but then i started hearing the rave about the Sony Cyber-shot DSC-HX20V and decided to return my canon and try the Sony out. The Sony is a good camera and has the water effect which i really loved. But for me it was neverbetter than my Canon. I liked the Sony, I loved my canon. So i returned it and went back to my baby!! (Canon) It has met my needs.....what more can i ask for. I highly recommend it!!!
camera|I was looking for a camera to capture distance shots from my little sailboat after seeing tiny black spots where I'd attempted to photograph eagles. HUGE improvements over the previous camera in every type of shot..action pics of pets, low light shots, even a usable pic of the moon! Best 20x camera for the price.
camera|My husband and I shopped around for a very long time and finally decided on this camera. We could not be happier with it!! It takes amazing pictures and video. SO happy with this camera!
camera|I have had a Canon SX40 for a few years and have been very pleased with pictures and video I have taken on many occasions. My big gripe with the camera is the cumbersome size. We are going to China and I wanted a high quality camera with a decent zoom that could be conveniently carried from place to place. After doing some reading I decided to purchase the SX260 a month ago and have not been disappointed with its performance. I have used it at a number of local events and a trip to California with my wife. I leave the camera on the Automatic setting. Camera reactiion time when you take a picture is very quick. The pictures are beautiful. The video is excellent. In fact I feel it is better than the video obtained with the SX40. The 20X zoom is ample, easy to use, and focus is quick and accurate. The major distraction for many people is the pop up flash. I disabled it and find that the camera is amply capable of taking excellent pictures in most light conditions. Battery life is modest. I find I am taking between 100 and 150 pictures before battery power decreases. I have purchased a few back up batteries at very modest prices ($12) from Amazon and keep at least one back up available. At this time I am seriously considering making the SX260 my main camera and selling the SX40. I strongly recommend the camera. It is very easy to use and the convenient size tends to grow on you.
camera|I bought this camera for my mother because she wanted a decent, high-quality, easy-to-use camera (i.e. a good non-SLR). The screen is real nice as well as the picture quality. The zoom lens is great and I was amazed how far the lens actually extended for a camera with a relatively thin body. Pop-up flash is great. Overall, she liked the camera and got what she was looking for. This is a good camera for the price!
camera|This camera was a gift for my wife who is an avid photographer. We have a much larger more exspensive camera but she wanted something small to carry in her purse for convenience. She now uses it almost exsclusively she likes it so much. She took literally hundreds of photos on our recent vacation to Maui and they came out beautifully. No problems or complaints.
camera|I have been in the market for a great point and shoot for some time! I have 2 little boys (age 2 and 7months) and priority for me was being able to capture them!It took some time to figure out how to use all the features (probably would have helped if I read the manual but I just have not had time) but considering I have just been playing around with settings, it is pretty user friendly!I love that there is an easy auto setting for when I need to be quick capturing a moment, but I also love that it has many customisable settings! I can choose shutter speed and aperture, change the white balance, etc.! I also love the quiet setting, it makes no noise or flashes at all, so I can sneak up on the boys during naps and take pictures without waking them!Overall, if you need something easy, with great quality images that allows you to take pictures of a wide range of things, this is the camera for you!!!
camera|Canon sx 260 is what I hoped. It can do more than I know how to activate so the learning curve on cool features may take a bit. no problem. On auto there is not thinking and it is excellent.
camera|What a great camera. Just point and shoot. Make videos in HD. Great zoom lens! You will not be disappointed with this camera. We sat way back in a gym and zoomed in on our granddaughter dancing and the video turned out great. I shake when taking pictures but you would never know it from my pictures. This is an awesome camera and very reasonably priced for its quality.
camera|Did a bunch of research between this and one other camera out there. It was a toss up, but I'm glad I went with the Powershot. I upgraded from a Gateway digital camera I got in 2000 that literally fell apart in my hands. The Powershot is so much thinner, easier to use and (big surprise here) works with both XP and Windows 7. I've just left the camera on Auto and clicked all over the place, it's smart enough to know if I need more light or where I need the most focus. The only &#34;drawback&#34; was that it didn't come with an SD card...Not even a cheapo tiny generic one. I couldn't test it out to see if it worked right out of the box. But... it works, I love this little thing!
camera|My last Canon camera finally died after MANY years of use. I knew I was going to purchase another Canon since the old one took wonderful quality photo's. This one takes wonderful shots as well. With all the additional features of this new camera I'm looking forward to years of good photo's. I would definitely recommend this camera to others.
camera|I bought many cameras over the years. I also have couple of very high-end Nikon SLR and DSLR cameras. However, I was never been happy with all small compact cameras I bought. Friend of mine told me about this one and I am loving it!
camera|I've owned this for a few weeks and have shot just under 1000 pictures. The other reviews already tell you everything you need to know. The zoom is impressive and the camera really works great. I'm especially impressed with the frame rate when shooting drive mode and quality and range of the lens. This camera really delivers!
camera|I bought this camera mainly for the 20x optical range. My other canon, a elph is also 12 megs but only 3x optical. I disagree with the statement on some of the reviews on this camera that the 20x relates to a 500mm it does not. I tried taking a picture of some ducks that were half in the shade and maybe 120 feet from me. The shadow details did not come out even when I used photoshop to brighten the picture up.I like to travel around with a compact camera and the 20x optical is what sold me on this model. If I'm serious about photographing a far off subject - I bring out my SLR canon and my 100-400L Zoom lens.I did not know about the auto tracking focus which is nice with a moving subject in this camera, but it only works in the auto mode. I mostly shoot in the program mode, as I fiddle around with the metering with the hot sun in Florida. Another reason I bought this camera is the ability to now shoot pictures with shutter or aperture settings like I do with my SLR. I have not tried the fish eye effect yet but I also use the grid all the time as it reminds of the rule of thirds for subject placement.
camera|This is the third Canon digital camera I have owned and every one of them has been a little better than the last (non quit on me I just upgraded each time) so I expect nothing less of this one. Although I have had this one only a short while I have taken quiet a number of test shots just to see how it reacts to changing light and distance. I really like the ability to shoot multiple shots and the movie function is also better than some I have tested. I have only one exception with this one, although I do not have large hands I still have to be careful about where I put my fingers so as not to impede the various functions of the camera. LOL I do recommend this camera to anyone except maybe the professional or someone looking to use many different lenses. Just drop this in your pocket or purse with a l0 gig or larger (I started with a 16GB) flash card and you can shoot to your hearts content. I remember in 1988 when my wife and I went on vacation we took a Canon 35mm camera and 12 rolls of film and a week AFTER we got home we finally got to see our pictures and see if we got the shots we really wanted. Well as I said I would recommend this to anyone that just wants a better than average point and shoot camera.
camera|We took this camera on vacation with one of my other slightly bulkier cameras. We ended up using this one all the time. The battery life was pretty decent. We were able to go a whole day without failure and usually with our other camera we have to charge it once or twice a day. The charge on the battery also took minimal time. That was nice as well. We bought extra and very rarely had to use it. It took some incredible shots and the zoom was a great feature. It was so nice to slide it into a pocket on the shorts and not have to carry around a bulky camera. We did not really use the video on it, but I'm sure we will eventually. We were quite pleased with this and it has become our new camera of choice for the go everywhere camera. The only thing is in the description, its not red, its pink. I didn't mind. Fortunately my husband doesn't have an identify crisis. :)
camera|It does everything everyone else has said prior to me. The only thing I have to get used to is where I put my left hand when taking pictures; it's right where the flash pops up. Other than that I've been sooo happy with the pic quality!
camera|I have always had canon cameras and this one is the best. It takes great pictures, easy to load on computer and upload to internet.
camera|I have enjoyed my camera since buying about 3 months ago. Had to buy my wife the same camera to replace her 5 year old camera. The 20x zoom is fantastic--much better than I thought it would be. HD videos are also great. Only thing I don't like is that the flash pops up if it is required for the picture. My fingers are sometimes in the way. The flash does not go back down until you close it. Even though I don't like that, I did buy my wife one!
camera|The camera was bought to spplement my much larger Lumix. The Canon will become my carry anywhere, it fits in shirt pockets, on my belt in the carrying case I bought to match and is simple enough my wife is starting to take a liking to it. It may not be mine for long. A fine camera.
camera|this is the best camera I ever had! the pictures are so clear...I keep it in my purse at all times! beautiful pictures! thank you!
camera|I have two other point-and-shoot cameras... this one by far is the best.The 20X optical zoom is absolutely amazing.The Menu is very easy to use and the image stabilization feature is superb.
camera|There's a lot of reviews on this camera. All the ones at amazon, an insightful review at camera labs, and even a CNET peek. All of it told us this was a camera that we DSLR users should have to video record those moments that sneak upon you and you wish you had a video of it to cherish. And, geez, it would be so nice if you could edit the video on a Mac using Apple's iMovie 09 or 11 software. So, we flipped our coins and went for it. Hey, it fit nicely into our Canon preferred family. We also tossed in a 16g SanDisk Extreme SDHC card. We're glad we did!Once the camera was setup, and the video format chosen (1920x1080), we managed to shoot a flawless, color rich video of our very silly Toy Poodle, who loves to be filmed. The camera, as so many reviews indicated, did a superb job. We ran a video alongside of the camera using one of the DSLRs. We ran the videos through iMovie 09 (going through iPhoto). We were pleased with the look of both videos. The DSLR at 7-times the price of the SX260, did look better. But, the SX260's video looked real good in 1080 on our 1080 TV. BTW, getting the video recordings into iMovie was simple! It was so simple, we thought we'd done something wrong.We have also ran did it through its manual control features, taking various stills in various lighting conditions, etc. The low light pics looked decent for a camera of this size and design features. For the price and for what we wanted, a "grab-and-go" camera, we really like this Canon.We'll be taking this camera with us on our next photo shoot to be sure!
camera|To compare the quality between canon sx260 and panasonic zs20, just drive to BestBuy parking lot and shoot the big yellow/blue 'Best Buy' logo using P mode/ISO-100, then back home to compare the zoomed two photos in the photo manager. you will be surprised with the result from sx260 so CLEARER and SHARPER than pana sz20..To compare the tele-lens, please take Moon photo at the clear night with 20x (or >20x) hand-held, you will find sx260 Moon surface photo in the semi-clear details but panasonic zs20 Moon photo is just like Sun fireball.Also, I quick compared it with nikon p310. p310 is with the big lens (1.8) for the low light. But, if you are using them for the outdoor most times, sx260 is good enough. The idea is to take both compact cameras in bag for indoor and outdoor.Update 12/7/2012However, several things were found in sx260:1) No HDR - necessary for the night show with light2) No Auto Panaromic - few of times to use it but it's perfect if sx260 has it3) ISO auto-setup 1600 in early evening - the photo looks bright in screen but acturally causes a lot of details lost. Compare with panasonic zs20, which sets up ISO 400 at the same condition.4) 2 seconds waiting between shots - you may lost some moments with so long delay. but panasonic zs20 just takes 0.6 sec.My feeling is that the body design and the clear picture of sx260 are better than panasonic zs20, but above 3 things make me think about to return this year of the model and wait for the next year of the pocket 20x camera.
camera|I was looking to replace my old Canon elph SD600 (really put that camera through the wringer) which died recently and was originally looking at the powershot S110 but then found the SX260 with the 20X's zoom. I am in my yard all spring and summer and take pictures of the wild life including butterflies and insects. My old camera just could not zoom in well at all and taking more than one picture at a time was very slow. This baby takes rapid pictures plus the zoom is great; it also has face recognition and image stabilization (great for when I take videos and am not very good at keeping the camera steady) which are great for those of us who are &#34;camera challenged&#34;. Its point and shoot settings allow even myself to take some pretty amazing pictures. Plus the screen is much bigger for viewing. I read several review comparisons of the two cameras and both had great reviews; amazingly the SX260 costs around a $100 less. Just love it; look forward to taking many close up shots of butterflies next summer with it. Canon sure knows how to make a great camera even for those of us who are total idiots about the operation of one.
camera|I purchased this camera for my wife who carries her camera with her everywhere. She is constantly taking pictures and the one I purchased for her year's ago is worn out. We enjoyed Canon Powershot for the versatility, excellent pictures and small size. Prior to my purchase I did my due diligence and reviewed all types of digital cameras on several sites including CNET reviews. This particular camera was highly recommended by CNET and the users. The users are as important if not more. Like anything new it takes a little getting use to since it has more features and is a step above my wife's old Canon Powershot. But we are using it often and liking it more each time we use it. I do recommend this camera since you can put it in your shirt pocket or a woman's purse and have it on the spur of the moment when you want more than a smart phone. My wife uses her smart phone as a camera but it has it's limitations. One CNET review indicated this particular camera's battery life was not as good as they would like. I haven't experienced this and we have taken a lot of pictures. But I always purchase a secondary battery since we like to travel and have grand kids and take a lot of pictures. I would recommend any time you have a camera have a backup battery you won't be disappointed. This recommendation has served me and the wife well over the years. It never fails, sooner or later when traveling, at the ball park, or just see something you want to take a picture the battery dies and you miss it. No problem, we immediately switch batteries and we get the shot. Another tip, be prepared and check the batteries prior to any event or leaving the house make sure both batteries are fully charged. Hope this helps.
camera|The 20X zoom lens is just fantastic. Bought this camera and went on vacation, was amazed at how close it brought in images from far away, and how clear the pics were, would recommend this camera to all of our friends.
camera|I got this for my birthday, as I have been muttering about needing more zoom in a pocket camera. This little marvel does very well; it goes to about 30x without loss and up to 80x with a little fuzz. I can get a sparrow at about 20 feet and it's a pretty good shot. I love this camera!
camera|This is a wonderful all-around camera. It's not as small and light as my old Digital Elph SD940, but still small enough for my purse, and the zoom range is awesome for such a compact camera. Also, it focusses and shoots much more quickly than the SD940, even under less than perfect light conditions, and both picture and video quality are outstanding.
camera|I got this camera for an Alaskan cruise I had planned. I could not have been happier with it. The zoom is outstanding and it's very easy to use! My pictures are gorgeous!
camera|The powershot sx260 hs has everything anybody could woint out of a point and shoot. 20x optical zoom, and 80x digital is amazing. You can get a close up of a flower from 30 feet away. The picture quality is excellent and although 12.1 megapixels isn't a whole lot, it is good because the really good sensors can get to each pixel more. It is also good for motion, and my dad was surprised it had a burst mode, because my mama got her DSLR camera mainly because of it. Although the lowlight performance isn't all as good as canon claims, it's better than your average point and shoot. I've also found that I need the flash on at all times unless it is really bright outside, otherwise the pictures are dark. But that doesn't really matter. I love the creative settings, they are so fun and I like making pictures black and white. Fish eye, toy camera, poster effect, and miniature are neat. It is also cool to be able to make some colors stand out compared to others. The video quality is also excellent, and the zoom doesn't make it blurry because it doesn't go to fast. Some other reviews mention a high pitched squeal, but I bought this in May 2012, and mine is absolutely fine. The speaker on the camera isn't all that great though, so it might be hard to hear the video until it is on the computer. I love this camera!
camera|The Canon sx260 HS is such a great camera. I recently purchased one and took it out to the American River in Sacramento, CA to take some photos. The colors of the pictures are amazing! The 20x is zoom is very good. So far, the most surprising part of the camera has to be its video mode. The quality of the HD videos are so good, they look like the movie theater! There is no zoom-noise in my videos, and they are stabilized well. Overall, this is best camera I have ever purchased!Update: The battery last for a long time. If you will be shooting videos and photos continuously for the day, the battery will more all of this and more.
camera|Keep in mind, I just took this out of the box and tested it, so what I'm about to say could be premature! That being said, I LOVE THIS CAMERA. I went to Best Buy to test it out ahead of time, and it has a powerful zoom lens, amazing low-light clarity and pretty decent speed for it's size. I'm not sure how or what to do with all the manual settings yet, but it has plenty. Being a mom of three young ones, I appreciate it's compactness and I love that I don't have to carry around a clunky DSLR or SLR-like point-and-shoot to get worthwhile photos! I previously owned a less powerful Canon Powershot, the SD 1100 IS Digital Elph, and the lens is going out after 3.5 years, but that could be due to dropping and dirt in the lens. We tried to fix it (no go) but I don't think it reflects poorly on the quality of the camera or brand itself. GO CANON!
camera|I have a decent DSLR but I wanted a nice point and shoot for a cruise vacation I took a few weeks ago.i wanted a high powered optical zoom along with a built in GPS. I took both cameras on the cruise but I never took the DSLR out of the case. Day and night shots both were excellent. Zoomed photos were astonishing even without a tripod. Several people remarked what a nice camera when they used it to take my picture. I am not ready to sell my DSLR yet, but I won't be buying another camera for a long time.
camera|After researching cameras, reading an exhaustive amount of reviews and talking to camera enthusiasts, I purchased this model for an extended European cruise. It was very easy to use, took great pics, and was durable enough that when I smashed it down on cobblestones when I tripped it just continued to take remarkable pics. The pics in low light conditions are very clear. The zoom worked great - the resolution of those pics is surprisingly clear. The clarity and color of my pics was consistently superior to my other cameras. I did not use the video feature, because I wanted my battery to last longer. Every day I did find that the battery needed to be replaced earlier than the manufacturer suggests, but my last task at bedtime was to charge them both up and so it was never an issue. I have never owned a camera that I felt so consistently comfortable with!
camera|Have had the camera for 4 weeks. Took it on a 2week trip. I have taken video with it and I have not had any squeals like some people do. Zoom is great. The only bad pictures were my fault and not the cameras. The size is just right. It will fit into my pants pocket or shirt pocked with no problem. Haven't had to use the flash at all. I would recommend it to a friend.
camera|I'm very happy with this camera - the zoom lens is awesome, it starts up quick, and the "Live" mode is a really neat idea - basically it's just a new picture-taking mode where you get just 3 sliders to adjust the picture (light/dark, cool/warm, and neutral/vivid). These make it much easier to get the color and exposure you want than fiddling with more advanced controls, although those are there for people who want them.It comes with a separate battery charger that you put the battery into; this is a nice extra when so many new cameras are cheaping out and require you to charge the battery inside the camera instead.I've been using it for a week and I'm very happy with the results I've been getting; even at maximum zoom the pictures look pretty nice!The only thing I wish this camera had is a real panorama mode; instead it's got only "stitch assist" which helps you take a series of shots that line up. This makes it easier to convert to a panorama later if you have the right software on your PC. It's kind of puzzling that a lot of cheaper cameras already can do a better job on this.
camera|I have now taken well over 200 photos and shot several hours of video with my new SX 260 HS and the one word that summarizes my feelings about this camera is incredible. The zoom is absolutely amazing whether you are shooting still pictures or video. I have NOT experienced high pitched sound some users are hearing during video playback, either on my computer straight from the SD card or via my TV using an HDMI cable. That was a huge relief since that apparently is a deal-breaker for many users but the sound on my video is excellent.Last night I shot an entire tennis match by attaching the camera to a small tripod then tying the tripod to the fence and just letting it run for a couple of hours and the detail it captured was incredible. You could easily pick up the ball movement even on fast rallies. Even though the camera was probably 20 feet from the closest player you could also pickup quite a bit of dialog. I then set up the tripod on the court and shot slow motion video of myself serving which was eye-opening to say the least. This is a pretty unique and useful feature for breaking down and analyzing sports activities and was one of the key reasons I focused on this camera in the first place.I also really like the quick single button video record and stop button on the back of the camera which makes it much easier to capture impromptu scenes. The low light performance is probably not as good as a DSLR (I don't own one so I don't know for certain) but it seems quite good to me and certainly better than any previous digital camera I have ever owned including my Panasonic FZ-20 I've owned since 2006. I used to be wowed by my FZ-20's 12x zoom lens which was awesome for outdoor photography but this 20x beast is even better and this camera is about 1/4th the size of the FZ-20.There are so many different shooting modes and options I am still learning them all but the included CD with a User's Guide is very comprehensive so I'm confident I'll eventually learn what I need to know to get the most out of the camera. The start up time seems very responsive and about the same or quicker than my older Canon A700 or my wife's Canon newer SD1200. To sum up, I am extremely happy with all aspects of this camera and would buy it again in a heartbeat, even if the price were higher than what I paid.
camera|I have been using this camera for several weeks now and love it. The zoom feature is one of the reasons for purchasing this particular model and was worth the research. It has a GPS feature that I have not used as of yet but am going to in the near future. I am working on family tombstones and the clarity is excellent when I add to our family tree.
camera|Please be aware that while pictures from this camera are not bad at all for the price range and everything else is good, the delay after you shoot and before you are able to take another shot is literally measured in seconds, seems around 4-5 seconds between shots at least.If it is OK for you - this is a very good camera for the price, otherwise - it is not usable.
camera|My husband and daughter gave me a very professional, expensive, "huge" size camera for my birthday with a back pack to carry it and all the powerful lenses included. I exchanged it for my small, handy, light Cannon Power ShotSX 260, great pictures, love it!
camera|I did a lot of research to replace my Panasonic Lumix DMC TZ3 (screen died) and this Canon Powershot SX260 HS is simply fantastic.The colour of the pics look natural, look good at high ISO and keeps the natural colour with the flash. There are none of those flash-bleached washed-out colours and best of all it adjusts itself to distance. I took some close up pics with flash and they still came out great. It takes a while to get used to the position of the flash (as you find your hand in the way) but I loved that it pops up automatically. I disliked that on the Nikon I had to put the flash up manually.I have had very few blurry pics and those were, were hand held at max zoom, and as everyone would know, there are few cameras that can manage that without a tripod. However, I got many good pics too at max x20 zoom handheld too; I just had to be careful.It is fast from start up and between pics are taken. I had no problem catching my feisty kitten running around or my gorgeous but hyper-energetic niece.The video quality is also great. There were some negative reviews about a high-pitched noise during playback which made me apprehensive about buying this model. I am pleased to say that it was not warranted. The picture is crystal clear with great sound on the recording. I heard none of the whiny sound there had been some reviewers had noted.Perhaps this camera seems so amazing to me because technology has moved on a lot in a few years, since my last camera purchase. However, I also tried the Sony and latest Panasonic equivalent models in store but they didn't stand up to this model.Overall, this is a great camera and I would highly recommend it to anyone.
camera|We've had this camera for about a month now and couldn't be happier. The camera takes pictures quickly and in focus even with the zoom maxed out. We used it in Boston to take pictures from Bunker Hill into Boston and the Zoom picked out features that our own eyes could not make out. The auto focus was great and the picture settings are easy to use.
camera|Although I own the previous model of this camera (SX230) I thought a review under this current model may help others. I am employed in an Audio-Visual field and take photos as part of my job. I have also taken over 15,000 family photos. I was looking for a small camera for home that had some manual controls and thought this camera fit the bill.Unfortunately, it is in the repair shop for the third time. The first time they replaced the focus assembly. As soon as I began using it I noticed the problem wasn't corrected and I immediately sent it back. The focus assembly was then replaced a second time. I started using it again with mixed results, getting a few very nice photos, but the majority of them were unacceptable and I could not trust it for important photos. At this point I noticed the camera in complete auto mode would very often default to ISO1600. I took the same pictures with my Canon Vixia video camera in still camera mode and the pictures came out great. The ISO1600 occurred in both well-lit situations and in medium lighting. I spent time on the phone with a technician changing some settings and doing some testing but ultimately it went back a third time.A "Senior Technician" reviewed sample pictures and agreed that several settings seemed off including iso, aperture, and shutter speed and he was going to consult with a supervisor. I spoke to a supervisor and asked for a replacement camera based on all the issues. He said he would not send a replacement because the repair was too far along and he wanted me to try the camera after the repair and we could take it from there. I asked what was done in the repair and he said nothing was found to be wrong with the camera and no repairs were made. I asked how trying it after the repair would help if no repairs were made. He then proceeded to tell me that if I continued to have problems after I got my camera back he would have me talk to a technician on how to properly take the pictures. I explained to him I take photos as part of my job and I understood the operation of the camera and if he would just allow me to send him a couple sample pictures he could see the issue I was having. He would also see that the photos were taken in a normal picture taking environment where a typical point and shoot camera would excel . He said that sending him samples wasn't possible and he would only go by the opinion of his technician. I also asked to speak to the person making the repair hoping if I could further clarify the problem maybe it could be corrected, he told me that wasn't possible either. In my opinion I felt the supervisor was condescending and unwilling to offer any real solution.After years of buying Canon still cameras and video cameras I think it is now time to look at other brands.If you look under the one and two star reviews for the sx230 and sx260 you will see other people have had similar issues with these cameras.If you look at the product images I added a photo of a stuffed bear. I also uploaded it to a Canon technician who said it had sharp focus and he could see the individual hairs of the bear. When I argued it was not in focus he said it was a great photo because it has a soft look like it was taken in a studio. This is how most of my indoor pictures have been coming out. It's hard to argue with support when they tell me this is a great quality photo.I also spent time taking duplicate photos one with the canon camera and one with my canon hfs20 camcorder. The camcorder stills consistently came out great while the still camera had grainy out of focus pictures.I would expect a dedicated camera should take better pictures than a camcorder but that is not the case for me. The technician told me this is the quality I should expect from this camera in auto mode and he could find no issues at all.
camera|I own digital cameras since 2003 and ever ask if it would be possible to have a point and shoot camera full of manual settings and with a big optical zoom and excellent stabilization system...I have been waiting for 9 years ..Canon made it!SX260 HS is wonderful.You can take clear photos with high ISO ...You can use all manual settings to obtain the photo as you want itYou can use the zoom at maximum and even shaking the photo still will be niceIts size make it easy to hold and carry it.Only you have to do: read the instructions booklet inside the cd or download it from Canon website.The navigation controls are easy to use ..just explore them!Some functions I dislike : the flash popping up just below your left finger...and the GPS function ...IMHO it is useless.I took pictures in the zoo with maximum zoom and looked as I was in a safari....IMO very few people who use a camera sporadically not intending to be pro really need a SLR camera ..The SLR cameras are more expensive, bigger and much more difficult to useIf you want to get as close as possible to a SLR with portability and easier controls without spending too much money take a SX260
camera|This is, quite simply, a great little camera. I'm not a professional photographer but I do know how a good photograph should look. This Canon SX260 takes great, sharp photos with very accurate color. The effects are fun as well. I bought this to replace a Nikon P7000 that I found disappointing. While the P7000 took amazing photos - sometimes - I found it never focused properly in macro mode and some photos just were randomly blurry. The P7000's zoom was very limited also. I've come to the conclusion that for digital photography, Canon has it in the bag.My one complaint, again (I had the SX230), is the location of the flash. I have learned it is located where it is to accommodate the GPS. I, for one, will never use the GPS and wish the flash would be situated where it doesn't prevent easily holding the camera.
camera|for the price i paid i expected more. At times it produces great photos but it has issues with autofocus, and when recording you can hear what sounds like a fan noise. i was recording moments from my cousin's wedding and you can hear the fan noise over the voices. Its quite frustrating. I love it when it works but when it misses moments due to focusing thats horrible.
camera|Great pocket camera, high quality outdoor pictures, excellant movie quality.User interface is very cumbersome and difficult to find features.Would like to see more preset options for color adjustments.Zoom operates way too fast for video -- almost useless for video zoom.Pop up flash in really goofy --- pops up right were your finger is on top of the camera.Overall I really love the camera and still give it 5 stars.
camera|It was rated one of the best consumer cameras for the price on CNET reviews. I had spent a lot of time reviewing and comparing cameras, but I'm not a camera expert. I took the opinion of CNET and bought this camera and it is great so far. From my beginner perspective, it seems a like a great camera to get started in photography.
camera|I bought this camera to replace an older cannon power shot, and it works great. I would not recommend buying the case or the sd card they recommend with it.
camera|I have enjoyed using this camera for a couple of weeks. Good quality photos in general. The position of the flash is unfortunate, however. The flash pops up in the upper left corner and the first few times I obstructed it by my way of holding the camera. The camera must be held without touching the upper left corner or you can damage the flash mechanism. Strange design. Otherwise it has plenty of features and powerful zoom.
camera|I love(d) this camera. I got it mainly for the zoom, because I take mostly outdoor shots when I can't get too close. I've had 2 SD 1200IS cameras and one SD 1300 IS. I loved them too, but since they were in my pocket every single day, they tended to get spots on the sensors, leaving dark specks on the photos. The SX 260 is a little large for a pocket, so I got a case. The jury is still out on the sensor spots on this one since I only have had it for about 4 months. It does take super photos.Unfortunately, I bumped it pretty good when the lens was out, and it jammed. I sent it to Canon repair, and they said it could not be fixed under warranty. They did give me a reduced price on a new replacement, so I'm waiting for it. My message is that this lens seems vulnerable to damage when extended, so be super careful. If I had to do it again (lesson learned), I would get the damage insurance from Amazon. I travelled all arund the world with my 1200IS in my pocket without a glitch, but this lens sticks out more, so it is vulnerable.
camera|Canon Powershot SX260 versus SONY Cybershot DSC-HX9vI purchased the Canon Powershot SX260 HS as an upgrade to my SONY Cybershot DSC-HX9v. Neither is meant to be my main camera but rather I carry a camera this size on me at all times to capture everyday phenomenon. Most photos look OK no matter what camera you use, but I am critical of the photos that I take of wildlife. It is important to me that the animal, especially their eyes, are sharply defined. Often I shoot in (P)rogram mode or (A)perature mode but for this comparison I shot only in super Auto mode. I took photos of several outdoor subjects, living and still, alternating both cameras. I am going to address only three issues:Zoom - of course the Canon (20X zoom) edged out SONY (16X zoom), bringing the subject a bit closer, but the difference was not spectacular.Image Quality - SONY HX9v was a clear winner. Sony images were sharper with the SONY. Canon's images always had a soft, blurred look.Color faithfulness - colors in the Canon photos appeared to be bolder and truer.I'm taking my Canon SX260 back. The unimpressive gain in zoom and the poorer image quality convinced me that Canon did not get its act together for this particular camera.
camera|Yes, it is a dark pink (magenta.) I like the photos and it zooms nicely. I have a 4 year old who does not like to pose for pictures long and this was a good camera to capture those quick moments. I purchased two additional lithium batteries which last SOOO much longer than the one it came with. I also have a 32gb sd card I purchased on amazon that wouldn't work in an older canon camera that works perfectly with this power shot. I was able to take pictures of Jupiter and the three moons around it, It also took very clear pictures of the moon that I can zoom in and see closer. The flash pops up and can be difficult when you ask someone to take a picture and they have their finger over the flash. But I would definitely recommend. I read a lot of reviews before finally giving in and buying one.
camera|First impressions of picture and video quality are great. My old camera wouldn't take a good picture in our house at night even with all the lights on because everything looked so grainy. This thing took fast pictures and quality was crystal clear in low light even when I zoomed in later looking back through my pictures I was super happy with the clairity. Shot some video of my 6 year old jumping around and it looked great, then I tried the slow motion options and was impressed. If you go too slow it is not that impressive, but the regular slow motion was fun to watch. Haven't even got that far with the setting because the auto mode has worked so well.The only Con I have so far is the placement of the flash. It is right where you would normally hold the camera with your left hand, but you will get used to it and it is not any kind of deal breaker.
camera|I checked one out at Best Buys. It felt good in my hands, it was made well too. The body is metal. Small but not tiny. Auto focus was fast and accurate. Ordered one from Amazon at a better price. Shipped fast, and for free with prime. The optic zoom is amazing at 20x, the digital zoom was also clear to my surprise. I next took a photo of a flag waving in a light breeze from 200 feet away. At 20x the moving flag was no match for this cameras stabilized zoom. Next I zoomed out to 80x (combined 20x optical, by 4 digital) once again I captured the moving flags ever detail clearly. The image clearly showed, every stitch on the flag. All indoor photos were perfect too.The only con is the pop-up flash. It pops-up when needed (nice), but it stays up until u turn off the camera (not so nice). The flash causes me to hold the camera differently when it is in the up position. Warning..do not force the flash back into the camera. U could, but the manual warns u not too.
camera|Very pleased with our new Power Shot SX260. We have a SLR digital and a Canon S90 that we love, but wanted a pocket camera with a good zoom for longer trips. This little camera is amazing. We tested it on our boat in moderate choppy water on Charlotte Bay, FL and were pleasantly surprised with the resolution at full zoom. We shot some photos of a guy fishing about 75 - 100 yards away and the detail and clarity were excellent. For our next trip out of the country we will probably leave the SLR at home (for the first time) and use this along with our S90. I do miss having the "Beach" and other options that the S90 has, but the long zoom on the SX260 is a wonderful feature. This will probably become our primary camera.
camera|Great camera, takes great pictures and feels good in your hands. I like a bigger point a shoot, so this one felt good, and does not feel like it's made of cheap materials. The zoom is great, and I've never had unfocused pictures.About the hiss, I do not hear a loud hiss when I made videos in 1080p, but just like every other point and shoot, there is some noise when its quite. I am going to use this camera to take pictures, and only a small amount of videos. I figure that if you need a video camera, I would recommended getting a video camera instead of a point and shoot!Anyways, overall this is a great camera, and takes great pictures with an awesome zoom. I've been testing it for about 3 weeks now, and the battery is pretty good.I am going to Europe in the next few months and will update this review. Hope this review is helpful!Luis
camera|The SX260 is a highly desirable camera in its class, one of only two long zooms on the market that I can recommend. Image quality is of course limited by any small-sensor camera, but this unit is the pick of the current litter for a 20x true optical compact with a GPS. It is a clear notch better than the still very good Panasonic ZS-20, though the ZS-20 runs about fifty bucks less.If the GPS is not important to you and you can live with the "tiny"??? 16x zoom, the Panasonic ZS-15 is faster in operation, and captures equal or perhaps slightly sharper images at ISO 800, and saves you $100 as a bonus. Panasonic LUMIX DMC-ZS15 12.1 MP High Sensitivity MOS Digital Camera with 16x Optical Zoom (Black)I've done a longish review of the ZS-15, so I won't repeat it here. No one is making a mistake with the SX260 (or its predecessor, the SX230 (same sensor) that I still use regularly). Canon PowerShot SX230 HS 12.1 MP CMOS Digital Camera with 14x Image Stabilized Zoom 28mm Wide-Angle Lens and 1080p Full-HD Video (Black)If the GPS and 20x is what you want in a compact, this Canon is a clear notch better than the current Nikon, Sony, and Fuji attempts. Three years ago, a 20x compact this satisfying didn't exist, regardless of price.
camera|I am very pleased with this camera. There are more options on it than I will ever use. I like all the extra effects you can apply when taking the pictures. Great for what I need which is to point and shoot as my kids do some of the most amazing things ;) I would definitely recommend this.
camera|After 2 years of using my Canon SX130IS, I decided to make an upgrade. But before I finally decided to buy this one, I made some research comparing Sony HX20V and WX150. Sony HX20V seem appealing. However, I have this comfort zone with Canon lenses. Aside from the fact that it's a bit cheaper than that Sony model. the WX150 is more handy in terms of size, but lacks features that the 2 higher models can offer.So when I got the camera, I checked on what upgrades I got: Smaller size, much trendier design, 20x zoom, HD Movie, Movie digest, Higher LCD resolution, faster shutter, silent mode, and the 20% improvement on image captured compared to the older model. Overall that was a good deal for $210+ I paid (tax included). I remember paying $300 dollars 2 years ago for my old camera.I originally wanted the black , but had to settle for the green due to stock availability. I'm fine with it.Also, I'm not that bothered with the flash location. Just getting used to it.I would recommend this camera. :)
camera|Ideal camera for the price ,nice and compact fits easily in mens pocket Great zoom capabilty for such a compact cameraYes some cameras are higher rated but cost much more ! This is perfect for 90 % of the normal users
camera|I am a mom who enjoys taking family pictures of everyday events. I don't need a fancy camera for what I do. After reading the reviews, I knew the flash would probably not be in the most ideal location, and the prior reviews are correct. When you hold the camera, your hands naturally hold the top and bottom - and the flash pops up on the top corner of the camera (right where your index/middle finger hold it). That being said, it has taken great pictures for me so far...and I am pretty sure it is something I just have to get used to.I have not used anything but the auto mode...but it is nice to have all of the other great features this camera has for the price. I'm glad I purchased this.
camera|The 20x optical zoom is amazing and I like that it's only 12.1 megapixels, because it saves on memory and you really don't need more unless you're making giant posters. Also, once I got used to hitting the video record button instead of rotating the dial, it makes shooting videos much faster. It is slightly too large to be a pocket camera, but I use my smartphone for spur of the moment pictures anyway. A great addition is the timer selection where it takes 3 pictures in succession, about a second apart. It's kinda like a photo booth! So far I love this camera!
camera|I had purchased another camera, a more expensive one, but wasn't happy with the sixe. I wanted one small enough to fit into my purse. This not only fits, but it turns out that it's a better camera than the more expensive one.This is perfect in every way. I recommend this to every one.Pair it with Case Logic TBC-302 FFP Compact Camera Case and you've got the perfect pair. I don't know if I'm allowd to say that or not, but it'll save you some time in looking for the case that fits perfectly and is small and soft..
camera|It is small, can be dropped into a purse or pocket and is lightweight. I am not one of those who know all the ins and outs of photography, but I know when pictures turn out beautifully and they certainly do with this camera!
camera|This camera took great shots in every type of light. No need for flash in most low light environments. Minimal &#34;red-eye&#34; hassles because of superior quality low light pictures... without flash. 20x zoom terrific for framing pictures and taking close ups of &#34;camera shy&#34; subjects. Discreet mode...no flash or sounds ... also useful with camera shy subjects and in situations where silence is required.
camera|I used this camera for a long weekend, and so far, so good. After an extensive search, I bought it based on previous, detailed reviews, which were very helpful. I previously owned a less expensive Canon which served me well for years, so I had no trouble figuring out the new camera's settings. I didn't particularly want a camera this powerful and with so many features, but it was highly rated for great photo images, and that was #1 with me.I'm enjoying the 20x zoom more than I anticipated -- very nice. I tested the video, and it worked fine for my occasional use. I was a little concerned about the placement of the pop-up flash, but I found that this camera takes great pictures in low light, so I don't expect to use the flash that often. (I turned the auto-flash off until needed. I can train myself to hold the camera as shown in the owner's guide to avoid blocking the pop-up. No big deal for me.)The camera size is a bit longer but thinner than my previous one. It still fits in my pocket, which was a must-have feature for me. I miss the viewfinder. I was taking one picture in bright sunshine, and I could not see if I had the shot I wanted or not. Oh well . . . it appears none of the cameras in this class has the viewfinder.I bought two SanDisk Extreme 32 GB SDHC Class 10 UHS-1 Flash Memory Card 45MB/s SDSDX-032G-AFFP, as recommended. They worked great! I'm not sure if this camera would work as well with a lesser card. Be sure to order the card in the RETAIL (original) packaging, rather than in the 'Frustration Free' packaging. Per other reviews, there appears to be a problem with counterfeit cards if you don't get it in the original, hard plastic wrapping. I ordered two of the RETAIL cards, and my order came with only one card. That's the first time an Amazon order hasn't included everything I ordered (which seemed a little suspicious), but Amazon quickly sent me another one.
camera|I bought this camera because it was highly rated and had alot of features for the price range. I need this camera for a digital photography course I am taking this semester.I love that there is an auto function that takes great pics and that there are tons of manual features that I can play around with - such as having the camera put everything in black and white instead of one color. It adds character to the photo.I am not a professional by any means but I am going to learn and for learning, I could not have gotten a better deal.
camera|The camera seems well built and takes good quality pics. Wanted something that would last more than a year or two which is why I wanted a sturdy low end camera. Consumer reports gave it a good rating. They aren't always spot on but were probably right about this camera. Like all of these point and shoot cameras there is no viewfinder and I wanted one. Makes it a little hard to take shots outdoors in bright light and know what you're framing. But, I didn't want an $800.00 DSLR so I can work around this. It has quite a few functions, most of which many people will never use. The functions are nice though if you have time to fool around with them. You need a newer computer (not more than 3 or 4 years old) if you want to use the software that comes with the camera although you don't need the software to just download pictures into iphoto or whatever entertainment software your computer has. The camera does everything I wanted and more. I use an equivalent Nikon Coolpix model at work and I can't list the functions of each of these cameras but, to me, the quality and operation of the cameras are about the same.
camera|I've only had the camera a month or so, but I like it a lot. I like it so much so that I've pretty nearly stopped using my Canon T2I DSLR. It's one of those cameras that is going to go everywhere with you and everyone knows the best camera is the one you have with you. Overall it's a great point and shoot camera, the sharpness and color reproduction is very close to the Canon T2I DSLR. I'd recommend it for anyone looking for a long zoom, everyday, everywhere camera, who doesn't want to lug a heavy DSLR just going grocery shopping.The only con, which is probably a pro to most is the 25mm wide angle lens. I think it would be incredible to have a lens with a 35mm equivalent of 40mm on the wide end.I suggest the SanDisk Extreme 45MB/s 32 GB SDHC Class 10 card for this camera. I always have my camera in contiuous shooting mode and very often with this card on sunny days it fires off 2-3 pictures simply because it's that fast, and I can't get my finger off the shutter button quick enough.
camera|This replaces my Canon SX200 I loved. This SX260 has even greater zoom and is smaller in size. But not so small as to make it awkward for my arthritic fingers. The smile feature for group shots is really nice! For my price range this is a perfect upgrade. The special features look like fun, but I haven't used them yet. I was pleased with the fast delivery. I was leaving for a trip to the Tetons in 2 days and the promised delivery date was achieved. Taking quality pictures was easy since it was so similar to my Canon SX200.
camera|I am no photography expert - my sole reason for buying this camera is that all the reviews said it takes good pictures in environments where there may not be enough light. And boy it does its job! This was a birthday present so the first place I tried it out was a party at a lounge (it obviously had very limited lighting for the "loungy" effect!). What amazing pictures!! There's no way that one can tell there was almost NO bright light around the little corner of our table. We even got a table right by the reflecting glass windows - and even that did not deter the effect. I simply loved every picture it took (with flash on ofcourse!). Yes, the flash light popping up takes some getting used to. We then took some pictures the next morning and the day pictures are just as awesome! I love this camera so far. I've had it only 4 days! I hope to come back and update this review with more useful information (without the technical jargon)
camera|I've had this camera for about a month and so far so good. I am very pleased with this purchase. I love the zoom and that it is still compact in size. I have to get used to the pop up flash though - out of habit my finger lays right over it! That would be the only negative, which is not really a negative to me, that i could think of. Just need to get used to it.
camera|I have only had this camera almost a month and so far I am very happy with it!We took it on vacation right after I got it and it was far better than an older model Canon I had.The only downfall I would say is Canon does not explain the GPS function of this camera very well.It is not in the instruction manual nor is it in the small quick reference guide.
camera|I purchased a Canon SX230 while on vacation and was very pleased with it, although I would of liked to have had a longer zoom capability. Every other aspect of the camera was great, especially the GPS tracking of my pictures since I visited a number of locations. I did notice that the GPS tracking needed it to be clear overhead to get a signal, so this was mainly just effective for outside shots. After purchasing, the SX260 came out, so I purchased it and I returned the SX230. Still need a clear area of the GPS to track, but this camera is even better especially with the longer Zoom. It also seems to do better in darker areas. I have been very pleased with the Canon SX260 purchase.
camera|I am not a photo expert. I wanted good value, something to reach out and pick a good shot from some distance. Something well regarded in the reviews, not just amazon.com's. Something that can travel easy with size and durability. I did not want lots of options needing perfect selection or other accessories like lens and filters.A knowledgeable friend researched what I wanted and recommended this camera and it was perfect.Took this camera to China and Taiwan and shot over 2000 pictures with almost all just adjust for framing and shoot.I have a wonderful picture of my wife looking out a window in an ancient Chinese garden from over 100 feet away that makes this camera worth buying. Some additions I liked were:1 &#34;3x Canon PowerShot SX260 HS Premium Invisible Clear LCD Screen Protector Cover Guard Shield Protective Film Kit (3 Pieces) from Gadgetarmor & Accessory (This shield is as good after long trip as when I installed on camera)2. Case Logic DCB-302 Compact Camera Case (This case is large enough for camera (2 ea) extra battery and flash memory and it protects camera well.)3. Transcend 32 GB Class 10 SDHC Flash Memory Card (TS32GSDHC10)I was not pleased with the spare battery I bought as it did not hold up as well as the OEM battery that came with this camera.
camera|I purchased this camera for my daughter for Christmas so we haven't yet had the chance to use it, but I have the two previous models to this camera and I love it. Quality and excellent zoom packed into a compact fit in your purse camera. Great for travel. Anyways, I just wanted to put the warning out there that the colour states that it is red, the box states that it is red but this camera is more a pink colour. I was hoping it was as the picture seems to be pink as well. I am happy but perhaps pink isn't your thing.
camera|Wow! I love this camera. I bought it based on the reviews here (thanks to all), and am not disappointed. It takes great photos in all kinds of light situations. I have taken shots inside houses, during parties when the lighting is very dim and it turns out great! Everything from landscape photos, (I bought this for mostly hiking and camping photos), to inside group photos and pet and sporting events. Many different options on the settings. I love the toy camera, fish eye etc...effects for fun, black and white, sepia, emphasis on certain colors. It is a very easy to use camera with great options. The menu is easy to understand and use, even my husband, who just wants to point and shoot can take great photos on the easy setting. Worth the price, this is my Holy Grail camera. I can't think of one thing I don't like about it.I also purchased a extra rechargeable battery with it here. DuoGreen,duogreen CANON NB-6L NB 6L Replacement Battery - High Quality Rechargeable Battery with 1 Year Warranty and a Protector Case 1000mAhit works great, and holds a long charge, would highly recommend it.I am so happy with this camera, if anything happened to it, I would repurchase it!
camera|Great product! I use the camera to take pictures of my baby. I wanted something that was quick and easy to use. I don't know a lot about camera settings, so this camera was ideal for me. It's a very "user friendly" camera. It has an option "discrete" which allows for quiet picture taking without a flash. The quality of the zoom is good too. Camera was shipped fast and was in excellent condition. I am very happy with the overall experience.
camera|I received this camera as a Christmas gift, albeit a bit begrudgingly. I hadn't been allowed to get a Kodak because they're going out of the camera business, so I'd settled on this one. But it's definitely grown on me in the two days I've had it, and I just adore this camera.The image quality is excellent, with fairly minimal noise. In full optical zoom, obviously, there's noise, and I would recommend a tripod to get the full benefits of the 20x. Colors are very vivid and true to their actual pigments(and, if you so choose, you can accentuate certain colors via color settings).So here we go.PROS:- excellent optical zoom, good to use in situations where you can't get close or want to photograph some scenery- variety of settings to experiment and tinker with, one of my favorites is the color swap.- shutter speed and aperture are completely free to be manipulated, as well as many other aspects of shooting (the camera isn't always stuck in Auto)- The macro is fairly versatile, it can take pictures from more than just one specific cm range- if you're not an expert photographer and are new to it like myself, this camera can walk you right through the motions. Want to take a picture in the snow, but have no idea how to set the exposure correctly? Try the snow setting, it works pretty well and with a few adjustments from you it can be perfect! Etc.- The camera has shown no signs of lag or slowness when I navigate menus, change settings, turn the features wheel, scroll through pictures, etc. It's nice and quick.and there are many, many more... but I can't possibly get them all here!CONS:- the camera can be a bit slow to shoot when the shutter is depressed, especially with a flash. if you want to get an action shot, plan accordingly to shoot slightly before the event you're taking a picture of.- when in slow-motion video mode, the feature that allows you to take 240-frame-per-second videos, the video gets extremely dark. I recommend finding a good light to be under, because no matter how much I've fought with the thing it won't brighten the picture. However, this could also be human error; perhaps the option is there and I'm just not finding it.- Battery life is fairly short. ...then again I carry this baby around and take dozens of pictures because I just love it to death.In short, this is a great starting camera for someone who wants to learn how to take pictures while still capturing moments (ooh, how cliche) with great quality and a large variety of options! I'd recommend it to anyone; I read a review from a rather experienced photographer who loved this camera because it's so conveniently sized and is still a force to be reckoned with! Definitely worth it.
camera|Every thing I hoped it would be. like the zoom. Love the color. I would definitely recommend this camera. It is small, compact but big on features.
camera|Finally an idiot-proof pocket camera that combines a long zoom and amazing performance at concerts. I don't intend to take pro-quality photos but love taking some for personal memories, but always struggled with getting photos blurry or performers overexposed. Not with this camera! I was seated in the nosebleeds for a recent arena show and still got great pictures in focus of performers on stage! The camera also performs beautifully taking pictures of Christmas lights without need of flash. I have yet to explore all the various settings, but already find myself constantly saying, "Ican't believe how great these photos are!"As for battery life, so far so good. Spent about 4hrs wandering around New York City in the cold, turning the camera on and off, messing with the zoom, and previewing photos, and the battery meter never dropped from full. So it seems great for the average tourist's needs. I do keep GPS turned off, too.
camera|Overall camera exceeded my expectations. I am not a camera guru, but my wife is more than pleased with the ease of use and photo quality.
camera|Finally, after years of iffy point-and-shoots with problematic lenses, Canon has come up with a metal-cased, well-lensed camera that meets all my needs. Fantastic little camera!
camera|In preparing for my Ten year Anniversary Cruise I wanted a new camera to capture my memories. I had an old Canon powershot that had seen better days but I was comfortable with the brand so I decided to get a new version. Wow! It was like I upgraded to what the experts use! I took over 1000 pictures. The clarity of the pictures is fabulous. Even in a moving bus I was able to take incredible still shots. The color in the pictures is so vibrant, but the most amazing part was the 20x zoom.. It actually zooms all the way to 80x! I found myself using it as a telescope whenever I wanted to see something too far away! And of course then I snapped a picture. It especially takes well-lit pictures even when the flash is set to &#34;off&#34;, where other cameras would be too dark. The settings are easy to use and the picture review is fantasticly modern. It's also a nice size to fit into a pocket, I wish it was a little lighter but that zoom lens is worth it. To film a movie you just push the red buton on and off, no searching for how-to. So easy. I definitely got my money's worth here! The only downside is that there are SO many options with this camera that I am afraid I will never know all of them. Now that I am back from vacation I will have to spend a little more time learning about all of the tricks available on this camera from the how-to CD. But if you didn't feel like doing that just stick to the &#34;auto&#34; setting and it's got it all.
camera|I've used my camera both inside and outside, in bright and poor lighting, I've taken photos of my family, my dog, landscapes (while moving in the car), and even close-up shots of flowers. I've done both stills and video and I've been very pleased every time. My only big problem is that the flask is placed right where I put my left index finger when holding the camera and it pops up unexpectedly when on auto, then doesn't go back down until you change the settings or turn the camera off. The images is a bit hard to keep stable if you've zoomed in fully on something way in the distance but the image stabilizer does help, and I had to go back to my manual to figure out how to play back the video, but all-in-all I very pleased with the images I've got and would recommend this camera to anyone who wants something small enough to fit in a handbag (or even you pocket),light enough to travel around with and get fantastic shots.
camera|Made in Japan and amazing! I was looking for a compact camera that is quality built with lots of manual controls. Canon came through with this fantastic camera. I'm used to the super compact Canon Elph line and was somewhat skeptical about going larger. I'm also accustomed to professional DSLR's but wanted to have a small compact for convenience.The Canon Powershot SX260 HS is a great compromise since it has an amazing 20x Canon UA lens with an amazing wide angle zoom 25mm - 500 mm (in 35mm terms), Canon Optical Image Stabilizer and the ability to record Full HD movies at 24fps. Wide angle is important especially in tight spaces. The macro lens also did a great job focusing close up.The pictures are very vibrant, clear and sharp. The DIGIC 5 processor does an incredible job creating incredibly sharp pictures at 10fps high-speed burst shooting.This is a solid built camera with a predominantly metal outer shell compared to the all plastic competitors. This camera will withstand the rigors of everyday life and will keep on shooting. It has many magical features and GPS.Compared to the Sony HX20,Panasonic ZS19,and Nikon COOLPIX S9200 this camera takes far better pictures, easier to use and built super solid.The negatives are the pop-up flash that gets in the way of handling the camera with my big hands, lacks one-touch Panorama mode (although it has Panorama assist mode), no HDR and it does not come with a touch screen.Overall, great easy to use camera, high quality Canon UA zoom lens, wide angle, solid built with a lot of features and pretty compact. I am very satisfied with this beautiful artistic tool.
camera|i am no professional photographer and i was looking for the cam that gives me high resolution pics and easy to handle and use and get good results even if i pass it to a kid or a passing by person with unknown photography skills to take that shot for me somewhere ... i was so lucky to find this cam on amazon with a great reviews from buyers whether pro photographers or just every-day user, those reviews i second almost all of them and maybe i can praise the HD vids that this cam can shoot a bit more than others reviewed it!the optical zoom 25x is so impressive and beyond that the cam can give you up to 80x digital zoom which is still good .. what is more impressive is that it has this stabilizing system that gives you imho 90% of the times stable images even with the 80x zoom and the usually shaky hands that we non-pro people have !one more thing very impressive the lens that is so sensitive to light .. i tested pics with very dim indoor lighting conditions and still i got very good images relatively and this applies to shooting vids too (that is in comparison to this cam's closest competitors)taking panorama pictures and stitching them with the software that comes in the software CD is something so easy and lovely .. and you can take as much as 26 shot to stitch them together!the UI is very friendly and so is the software that comes with the packageone thing maybe you'd need sometime to get used to is the flash light that pops out of the cam's body when it is needed .. you just need to have your finger always placed away from the hidden flash light ... you will need some time with holding the cam and then you'd know how to handle it right and comfortably so that's not a big dealand don't expect a RED cam as described by canon .. because it is plum-red just as the pic showsfinal word: LOoOoOve it
camera|This camera has all the right features to make anyone into a great photographer without any of the expensive equipment! Canon truly makes the best point and shoot cameras!
camera|In comparison to our older Cannon Elph, this camera is quite heavy. The flash is totally in the wrong place to. It pops up under your left fore finger and gives you no where to hold it well. If you read the owners manual, they do suggest a different way to hold the camera, however I find it foreign. So far as I can tell the photo quality is good. I am taking this on a vacation soon, so it will get a work out then. I did purchase spare batteries as other reviewers mentioned short battery life. This to will be tested. Will update in April.
camera|Loved the Canon S90 for 2 years. Then that POS stopped focusing correctly. Lost out on an entire vacation's worth of quick, convenient photos. And Canon wouldn't fix it. Luckily, had my DSLR backup, which was a pain to lug around. But I digress... Replaced the S90 with the SX260 because I absolutely loved the spectacular shots the S90 produced, especially in low-light conditions. The SX260 has many of those same features, with great zoom and GPS. There are lots of great reviews with pluses and minuses. Here's my bottom line - this thing is compact, 20x zoom, every mode possible, a simple/auto mode, and is as easy or hard as you want it to be! I hope it doesn't go down the same road as the S90, S95, and S100. You can read many great reviews on the entire S-line, but as the cameras age, they start either failing internally, stop focusing accurately, or get the dreaded lens error. Check it out. So instead of jumping the Canon ship, I'm trying the SX260. And so far, it's meeting all my needs for a pocketable, capable, extended zoom camera. Pictures are still not as crisp as the S90 initially took, but the extra features and much lower price make up for it.
camera|After my dog passed away a couple years ago I regretted not having any pics of her from when she was a little puppy. Then a few months ago I found a tiny baby kitten in the backyard. I was determined not to make the same mistake with our new companion. At the time I had an older point & shot and tried to take some pics of kitten. Most of the shots didn't turn out that great. I pretty much had to turn on every lamp in the room to get a reasonably good shot. So I upgraded and bought this camera. This camera is amazing. I can take terrific pictures late in the evening with only one distant lamp on, and with the burst mode I can capture my new critters antics and she runs about chasing her mice and other toys.It also has a really nice zoom which I'm looking forward to exploring this spring/summer when it's warm enough for me to go hiking. I'll also get some exposure (no pun intended) to the manual/aperture-priority/shutter-priority modes which will shorten my learning curve when I make the leap to a DSLR.
camera|I have had several Canon cameras and liked them. I read nothing but good reviews for this camera. I got the green one which is easy to hold and looks nice. Looks are not everything and if I had to do this again, I would pass. I got my Canon SX260 in time for a birthday party I was attending. I took over 40 photos and over 80% of them ended up blurred. Unless you take a photo of someone/something not moving at all, like a statute or Xmas tree or person in a trance, watch out. From the time you press the button, the camera takes forever to actually take the photo. The zoom lens is great for scenic photos but don't even think of taking photos of your kids, dogs/cats, or anything that moves as the photo will be blurred. Sorry Canon, but you sure blew it on this one.
camera|I bought this for my girlfriend for christmas. And ever since she got it, shes loved it. Im more of a Nikon fan, but she had a Canon before this one so I stuck with what she liked. Her last one was a very small pocket sized one (I dont know the model, i believe a powershot as well), so she first didnt like the slightly bigger size. I always noticed she was never satisfied with photos are longer distances, so I justified the bigger size with getting a longer zoom. Her last camera only did 5x optical zoom, and she hasnt complained about this ones 20x optical zoom. But I still think its extremely pocketable.Image quality is superb. We went to Disneyland one day and took hundreds of photos, during day and night. Super clean, clear, and vivid photos during the day. Some of the effects are neat too. Naturally night photos werent as good, but still were pretty damn great photos. The image stabilization and high sensitivity sensor really makes a difference! The presets for night, day, macro etc. all worked wonderfully as well. She is always very happy when she uses it.Photography is a small hobby of mine, so I can be a bit critical, but this camera has really impressed me. For a point-and-shoot, you cant go wrong. For my girlfriend, who just wants it to be easy and simple but knows the difference between a good and a bad photo, shes extremely happy.Pros :Easy to useGreat photo quality, day and nightI think its very pocketableGreat zoomCons:Maybe just ours didnt get it, but the strap you attach to the camera and then to your wrist, didnt come with the little slider thing that you use to tighten it. It can easily slip off your wrist without it. But i wont knock off any ratings for that.Overall, great buy. You wont regret it.
camera|I researched and researched trying to find that 'ideal' camera....one that had great zoom, clear pictures, small compact size, fast shutter speed, movie capabilities, easy function and use. You know, the 'urban legend' of cameras. I decided on the SX260. From what I read, an improvement over the older model SX230. From a very novice photographer and in basic layman's terms, here's what I have liked, and not liked.Pros:Great pictures with flash, especially outside and in good lighting. Phenomenal ability to get real clear, real close up photos. Easy to use buttons and functions. Each option on the function wheel tells you on the screen what it does. There is a 'beginner' mode that does all the thinking for you. The lens is really impressive. Surprisingly large for such a small camera. The camera is responsive, but does have a small window of time on multiple shots, that the flash needs to recharge. When zooming in, the stabilizing feature turns on, to help still the shot. It is larger than our past compacts, but still small enough to fit in your pocket or handbag. The display is large (no view finder). It comes in cool colors. We got the green, which is more teal in person. No mistaking it with another.Cons:The shutter speed isn't super quick, but the camera can be placed on a mode that prioritizes that over all other functions. The battery, so far, has been the biggest disappointment. We are using the one that came with the camera, but it seemed like we got about a 100 pictures, and a few minutes of video out of it. We are recharging it again, for a longer period of time to see if that helps. I also read that turning off the GPS feature and limiting the brightness of the display will help the battery life. We'll see. The flash position is supposedly an improvement. I still find that it pops up under my fingers when taking a photo. Its probably just a matter of getting used to it and holding the camera differently. The camera's weak point is indoors in low light. The photos were a bit grainy.Bottom line:We wanted a portable camera that took both quality video and good photos. So far, we aren't disappointed. But as far as being that 'ultimate' camera...not sure if Canon's SX260 is it, but it comes pretty close. amazon.com has the best price around.
camera|I have been using this camera for 5+ months and I can't stop taking pictures and videos. The quality of this camera is just outstanding and it takes beautiful pictures. The camera shoots amazing HD videos and it puts other cameras to shame. I have recommended it to all my friends since they all seem to love it. Canon has another winner in their hands with this camera. I simply cannot stop taking pictures when I have this camera in my hands. You don't need to be an expert at taking pictures with this camera, you just point and shoot. One thing that I did not really like was the battery life which I think in my opinion could be better but that's not really a problem for me since I always carry extra batteries with me wherever I go. Great job Cannon with this camera!
camera|The images at 20X are sharp. My only problem is that there is no viewfinder and if you are trying to photographsomething with the sun behind you, it is hard to see small objects (like birds) on the viewing screen.
camera|I bought this at the last minute for my daughter's wedding. I wanted something that would take great pictures but small enough that it would fit in my clutch. My brother,who has an expensive, larger digital camera said that my camera took better pictures than his. I gave it to my daughter to take on her honeymoon. She and her husband loved it!!! It's easy to use and it takes high quality pictures. The video is excellent also!
camera|After many, many months of reading various reviews from several sources, I decided upon this camera. Having used it so far for checking color hues in both normal and zoom photos, I am pleased with the picture quality.
camera|My wife just loves this camera and all of the features that it comes with. It takes excellent pictures and the zoom is amazing!! We took it on a trip out to San Diego and used it at the Wild Animal Park and it made the animals appear like they were right next to us even though they were a considerable distance away...
camera|I went out and bought this camera, thinking that it would replace a Sony HX20V that I purchased, because I wasn't satisfied with the image quality on the Sony completely. All the professional review sites indicated that the SX260 has the best image quality out of the travel zoom compacts, so I went to a local retailer and purchased it to make sure before I sent back the Sony. Here's what I found:In bright daylight, the SX260 is a great little camera, it focuses well, takes good, sharp pictures and is very snappy overall. The build quality is solid, and overall it compares quite favorably to the Sony. The image quality is slightly better than the Sony's, but overall it's probably is not noticeable for most people. I did notice though, that the Sony has consistently sharper images across the entire scene, whereas the Canon tends to smudge focus towards the edges more.In lowlight though, it's a completely different story. The SX260 continuously hunts for focus in anything less than very bright lighting conditions, which means you're going to miss shots that you would otherwise get with a different camera if your subject is moving. When (or if) it finally does find focus, it often focuses on the wrong subject, especially in complex scenes. The result is that many pictures wind up with very soft focus which very noticeably degrades image quality, even at small print sizes. This is not an issue with other cameras in this class, such as the Sony or the ZS19. In a few cases, the Canon could not lock focus period. I had to go in and manually help it focus or change my position/enable the flash to take some of the shots. Of course, this was using the auto mode on both cameras, so you can probably get it to focus using the manual controls if you take the time to do so, but since most people will probably leave it in auto 90% of the time, it's a good test to compare the two cameras.The real problem though, is that it can take 10-30 seconds for it to hunt for focus, only for it to wind up failing to focus on anything at all! Try getting most people to stay still for that long, and you'll see why that can be a BIG problem with this camera. It's terribly frustrating to have a shot lined up, and then the camera fails to find focus, or worse yet, finds focus in the wrong part of the scene!Overall, the SX260 is a good camera, but the image quality suffers in many situations from focusing issues that it's competitors just don't have. I'm not sure if there's a definitive, "best" camera in this class as it seems that each one has its trade-offs, but I wound up keeping the Sony in the long run, even though it has worse image quality overall than the Canon.
camera|I absolutely love this camera. It rivals my Canon 20D with a 300mm zoom lens. Even at 20X zoom in hand held mode the camera images remain sharp when there is good day time lighting. The wide angle aspect of this camera is also very useful. The flash works exceptionally well and throws light out much farther than the stated 12 feet contained in the user manual. Even if you know nothing at all about cameras you can leave the camera in auto mode and it will produce outstanding results. However, if you're willing to read the user manual of if you are experienced with photography this will be the best camera you ever owned. You can take photos in almost any lighting situation and in any shooting experience.One note of caution, not only for this camera but all cameras, always be careful to check your lens for smudges or dust before you use it. I smudged the lens of my SX260 and it would not focus properly and there was light blooming in the center of each image. It was my fault, of course. Because the camera kept trying to keep good focus and was working the small servo motor used to focus, the batteries wore out and had to be recharged frequently. Once I cleaned the lens this problem disappeared. Don't forget to buy additional batteries for this camera. These smaller Li-Ion batteries tend not to last a long time so if you are going out for a long photo shoot you'll need two or three more charged batteries. I have 10 batteries which I bought for my SX260. I imagine you can probably take 150 to 200 photos with no flash on just one battery. Amazon.com gave me a good price on this item. I bought a used, or open package camera which arrived in excellent shape. All the separate components appeared to never have been opened. I save about $25 with this purchase. The supplier delivered the item to me in 4 days, or about a week before the expected delivery date. I love the camera.
camera|I love this product! The transaction was wonderful and smooth. The camera takes great pictures and I am taking lots of pictures of my new Grandson!
camera|I got this camera before the summer wedding season so I could have something of good quality, yet somewhat discreet so I didn't look like I was the official photographer. The SX260 HS met my expectations. The quality of the wedding photographs is nearly as good as what I saw from the professional photographers.Good:- Picture quality is just a notch below DSLR. I've gotten a lot of compliments on the photos from this camera.- Fairly compact, though not as small as some PowerShot models.- Image stability is quite good, even with high zooms. I tried some outside scenic shots that came out very crisp even with no tripod at high zooms.- Very extensive feature set.Bad:- As others noted, the flash pops up where I like to put my finger.Overall I am very pleased with this purchase.
camera|Well, I am not a big fan of digital cameras. My wife gifted me the camera for my birthday and wow! is what I told after clicking the first picture!! Photo quality is amazing! Light or no light, picture quality won't disappoint you. I must say picture quality is much more better than SLRs (stills taken inside the house which I compared). Very much satisfied with this product!!!
camera|I bought this camera in preparation for a trip my company was sending me overseas. I was amazed at the clarity of the pictures. I also have a company iphone and I could tell which one had the anti-shake feature! The anti-shake feature made it so I could walk and still take clear pictures. This camera is very easy to use, I like things that are not so complicated. I do not want to keep making adjustments to get a good picture. This one was timely also where I could zoom in quickly to get a picture that was only there a few seconds. According to my calculations, it takes somewhere over 180 pictures on a charge. ( I think it is at least 465, but not sure since I took so many videos and the equivalent pictures were over 465 counting the video.) The zoom feature was fantastic, I took quite a few pictures where I zoomed in from far away. I also brought them home put them on my LED HD TV and found NO degradation in picture quality. Overall I am very pleased with the camera and wished I would have upgraded cameras earlier. This one is a five star for me. I would recommend it for those who don't want to move the functions around, I just kept it on Auto and it was fine. There were lots of changes you could make, but I did not use them. Best camera I have ever owned!
camera|I am used to using a dslr camera but bought this canon 260 because the dslr is too heavy for me to go traveling in Europe. I chose this canon model because of the zoom. I took 850 pictures with my new lightweight not knowing how they would come out til I got home and transferred to the computer. The pictures were great. The zoomed pics were clear and sharp. I bought a flexible small tripod which I kept attached throughout the trip so I could steady the camera, especially for the zoom shots. Loved it. My only negative comment is that when I don't use the tripod I tend to hold the camera on its outer corners to focus and snap and my left finger interferes with the flash popping up. It would be perfect for me if it had a viewfinder.
camera|I recently purchased this camera at Target, because it was on sale that week. I have taken over 1,000 pictures with it in the past month, and here is what i like about it:PROS- zoom: this camera has a combined 80x zoom, which is impressive for a unit this size. Seems to work very well.- speed: compared to my sony, the image processor is super fast. no complaints here.- image quality: though there are less megapixels than on my sony, this camera manages to pull off images of almost the same quality- features: this camera has a lot of little features and effects for your image. Once you figure out how to navigate the menu system, these little features are nice and allow you to really play with your image.- GPS: though i don't use it much, it locates you fairly quickly, and works like a charm.CONS- video: the quality is not as good as my sony. not sure if this is because of the lower fps or what, but not too happy with quality.- flash location: The flash is a pop up flash on the left corner of the device, which is right where my finger is when i am holding the camera. Bad design there.The build quality is great, with a nice fit and finish on the camera, and the little grip on the front is nice to have. Overall this is a great camera.
camera|I love my new camera. It takes great pictures and I love the 20x zoom. I would recommend this camera to anyone. It is very easy to use. The one thing that could be improved is the position of the flash. It pops up on the left hand side where you normally put your left hand. I corrected the placement of my fingers and its not a problem.
camera|Our Sony was stolen and I replaced it with a very complex Nikon. My wife hated the Nikon and just wanted something simple that took great pictures and didn't require a degree in engineering to operate. This camera definitely fits the bill. Now she never puts it down. Always had great luck with Canon cameras.Pros: Telescoping zoom lens, easy to set up and useCons: none so far
camera|The SX260 is a lot of fun and (at low ISO settings) makes very sharp photos.Big surprise!This camera is a dramatic improvement over the older PowerShot A570 and A710.The 12X telephoto is very long for a point-and-shoot.But you have to use a tiny tripod or brace the camera for low-light, longshots.A real hoot is the movie mode ~ which has slow motion. The camera can shootin either 120 or 240 frames per second besides the standard 30 fps !The camera can be used completely manually. But, be on guard.The settings for Aperture and Shutter are on a separate setting from Focus... and this is a little clumsy.If you want to grab and shoot, it can be used in Program Mode.It can be adjusted to the user, and ready to go the next time its turned on.It has an Easy Mode for people who know absolutelynothing about cameras ... but simply want to take basic, good pictures.If you want to have more features and versatility than the latest smart-phone cameras,this Point & Shoot is a significant step up from them without getting intothe complex menus, weight and bulk of a large SLR." Its not the camera ... its the camera(wo)man ! "The SX260 is so light and small you're likely to bring it along !
camera|Have only had camera for a week so this is a brief overall view. Using on AUTO the images are outstanding. Back lighted settings use auto fill flash and the balance is outstanding. The 20x zoom is spectacular and motion compensation seems excellent. Low light exposures also seem to expose very well. Overall the camera is great. It is a little thick as the lens structure protrudes from the body, but I guess there is some sacrifice for 20x. The camera seems very well made and finished and is quite heavy for it's size. I am looking forward to exploring some of the many power controls and settings.
camera|Purchased this camera when it first came out. Liked it so much I bought one for my daughter. Took camera on Alaska cruise. Saw all these &#34;camera buffs&#34; with their long lens and very large HEAVY gadget bags. One night we were all comparing shots taken. My camera took the best pictures. I could zoom in and quickly get that shot of a whale's tale hitting the water. I even got a shot of ice caving off a glacier. The pictures could easily compete for spots in a travel magazine. There is a learning curve to take advantage of all the features this camera has to offer but well worth the time.
camera|I have been using a larger Canon 7D for years and have sworn by Canon ever since. This camera was a present for my wife. It has the newer Digic 5 (my 7D has dual 4's) and seems to do a pretty darn good job! The SX260 HS has a built in GPS and I'd recommend turning the logger function off if you don't want to drain your battery. If left on, the camera will continue to keep a track of your location even though the camera itself is 'off.' When the tracker is off, the GPS will continue to set the EXIF data in your pictures with the current GPS location & time. The logger just keeps track of where you have been which may be useful if you are kayaking, hiking, biking etc. It can also tag people's faces that it recognizes. I have not found this to work very well but I may just need to add people's faces more often. One thing I have realized is it may be useful to have people smiling when you are adding to its recognition database since that is the way they look (hopefully) when you are taking their picture.03/25/2013 Update: One neat feature I neglected to mention was this camera can be set to update its internal clock whenever it can get a GPS lock. This feature is especially useful after a daylight savings time change and you change all the clocks in the house but forget to set your camera's clock This camera does a pretty fair job in low light situations. One thing to be careful of is how you hold the camera as the flash will pop up (as needed) right where your left index finger usually goes while steadying the camera. The 20X optical Zoom is awesome especially for a small point and shoot that fits in your pocket! It's nice to have this reach without having to swap lenses when you need to get a quick shot!
camera|You get what you pay for. I didn't want to spend a lot, but I wanted to try out a simple mega zoom point and shoot camera. Obviously it can't deliver what more expensive cameras can. Reviews recommended this camera in the price range I wanted, so I bought it. Happy with it and very much enjoying the 20X capability. Taking mostly bird shots in good sunlight. Quality looks very good when blown up in Aperture. My goal is not for prints but for web presentations and lectures in PowerPoint or its equivalent. Using a monopod to steady the camera even though it has stabilizing software.
camera|I love everything I've ever owned made by Canon, and this camera is no exception. It has a wider angle lens that produces beautiful photos. I've checked the photos this produces over with a magnifying glass, and they are extremely sharp and crisp, with great color. I was wanting another Canon Powershot ever since I lost my last one on a trip to Mexico, and this one has been updated and improved in many ways over my old one, even though that one was also a great camera.PROs:*This has a large variety of shooting modes, from basic point and shoot all the way up to full manual. The video quality is amazing for a small inexpensive camera, as well as the photo quality. The image stabilization in the video mode in particular is fantastic.*Very fast shooting. The new improved image processor in this allows it to shoot in bursts of up to 10 frames per second.*Excellent GPS system, and this newer version of the Powershot has made it easier to turn it on and off.*Shutter speeds from 15 seconds up to 1/3200.*Small and lightweight.*Zoom works and focuses well.*Excellent low light photos*Excellent colors. Photos are bright and well saturated and accurate.*Very good video quality. Video quality stays excellent even on my large screen TV. This records full HD movies.*58 Pre-defined shooting situations*10 scene modes*Creative filters: Color Accent, Color Swap, Toy Camera, Soft Fucus, Monochrome, Super Vivid, Poster Effect, Fisheye Effect and Miniature Effect.*Flash only pops up when needed*3 inch displayCONs:*short battery life*panorama mode is still Stitch Assist, not automatic*only 3 manual aperture settings with the lens fully extended, so the lens is slow when used fully as a telephoto.(There are 9 aperture settings when not fully extended.Of the 58 predefined shooting situations available, one has Canon's face recognition feature. You can program the camera to recognize up to 12 faces which will then be priority for focus and exposure.I love using this camera. It takes beautiful shots and has all the features I need to take some great looking photos. I can highly recommend this camera.
camera|I read all of the Amazon reviews and also searched the web before purchasing this camera... and I am so glad I did. This is the best compact camera I have ever owned. The quality of the photos is amazing...the resolution and color quality is out of this world. The zoom is absolutely fabulous. The weight of the camera is quite light when considering the size of the lens. I do not find the flash "Awkard" as stated in some reviews, and the settings options are VERY easy to use. Once again I am thrilled with the price offered through Amazon. Would highly recommend this product.
camera|After reading the great reviews and ordering this camera, I am surprised and disappointed at how slowly the camera takes pics. Slower than my ancient Olympus. I don't understand this and wonder if it 'just' a glitch with the particular camera I received or if it is the case with all of them. For example, I was trying to take a pic of my neighbor's kitty standing upright on its back 2 legs and even though he did this for what seemed an extended period of time and I took the photo while he was standing, by the time it 'registered" he was back on all fours and the standing shot was missed. This happened several times in a row and made me realize how slowly the shots are 'registering'. Does anybody else have the same experience? I would greatly appreciate any insights. Speed of pic taking is something important to me (with wildlife photography and such) and I hadn't read about any problems with this camera.Otherwise, pics seem to be of good quality - haven't had it long enough to properly evaluate anything else just yet.UPDATE!!There may have been a problem with the particular camera I received as I continued to have problems with it and eventually returned it with the help of Amazon. The camera was freezing for greater and greater lengths of time while taking photos (like 2 minutes, finally requiring complete shut down to be able to get the camera running again) and some of the photos came out part black and white (1/3) and part color (2/3), all taken on "Auto". I'm sure this can't be normal. I also found the pics to be very fuzzy compared to another person's pics of the same scenes taken with different camera (I would not have realized had I not compared). I'm hoping this was 'just' because the camera was defective. Will give this model another try in the hopes that the particular camera I received was the problem...
camera|Okay... so other than the flash popping up and hitting my finger for the first 20 times until I finally memorized not to put my finger on top of the flash, I love this camera. So the flash position on the camera sucks... and the time between each picture shot is really annoyingly long, but other than that, I really like this camera. Love the long zoom, and love having a zoom while in video mode (although hearing the zoom function during video playback is pretty lame!). It shoots amazingly well in low-light, as well as with all other situations (so far).
camera|I took this camera to a concert and I have great pictures! Such clear photos! The time it takes to pause after taking a picture is a little annoying, but nothing to return the camera over. The zoom was great. The different settings for pictures are fun. It's a super easy to use camera.Also, the "red" model is definitely hot pink, just like the picture. Fair warning.You might need a bigger memory card for this though. I just kept my old 2GB disk and it was full very quickly, something that never happened with my older cameras.
camera|I brought this camera for a concert, and the pictures taken from this camera were great! I sat far from the stage and yet I was able to take pictures as if I was standing close to the stage. Definitely a great point and shoot camera with great megazoom! Good buy!
camera|This is the latest in a long line of Canon compact digital cameras. it is distinguished by having a wide range of controls. Although it has a very simple point-and-shoot mode it is really targeted at the more enthusiastic amateur anxious to explore other possibilities. It includes several "fun" options, such as being able to take BW photos with only a single color highlighted, and artificially distorted fish-eye photos, but it also includes many more serious creative options including four variants on different levels of manual control (including manual everything).Pros: Extra long optical zoom and wide angle (25mm-500mm (35 mm equivalent)). The Digic V processor is very powerful and the controls are fairly easy to understand, compared to the competition. The control system is supported by written help instructions as they are selected. Start-up time and shot to shot time is good. Focus time is pretty good. Bump on front makes it easier to hold.Cons: your finger blocks the pop-up flash and this requires a camera re-start. (learn to hold camera differently). The manual includes hundreds of pages telling you how to activate each mode but none on why you want those modes or what they are good for. Buy a separate book if you don't already know.
camera|Bought this camera as soon as it came out as a supplement to my Nikon D7000. For such a compact camera it takes excellent pictures, also in low light situations. Great movies and lots of features, really impressed so far!
camera|Impressive HD video shooting. With this camera, I almost don't want to shoot still anymore but just the video. I'm very happy and want to buy another one for myself...the previous one is for my wife.
camera|I bought this camera for a trip with some ever-so-slight hesitation after reading the reviews. I was most concerned with the GPS and time-to-shoot comments, i.e., that they were both slow. I find those comments to be unfounded.I was traveling internationally last week and needed a new camera. Two main things I wanted: GPS and high optical zoom levels. This product delivered well on both.* GPS: It's a little slow to lock in on satellites at first (like every other GPS device), but it appears to be quicker if the camera is only off for a minute or two between uses. The geotagging works great in iPhoto, with accuracy appearing to be in the 10s of feet. Not too shabby.* Time between pics: I saw someone mention several seconds. I call BS. Maybe 1-2 seconds between shots.* Optical Zoom: Simply awesome, for a point-and-shoot. And clear.All in all, I would recommend this to someone without hesitation. The pics are great and I haven't even begun to scratch the surface of all this camera's features.
camera|I was a little skeptical about making a large purchase. But I've had Canon before I knew I wanted it again. They have NEVER left me down. I've had two cameras prior to this most recent purchase: one a Canon, which I lost, and a Sony Powershot. As soon as I bought the Powershot, I said to myself I should've bought another Canon.I just took it with me on a road trip to South Carolina with my girlfriend and the picture we (really she) took came out magnificent. I told her that it was a green camera. She gave me crap for it because I guess to her it's not a real green; (it's still green to me). BUT that was her only complaint.I'm a big fan of my new "toys" having stuff. There are so many options on the camera, not one picture has to be the same if you don't want it to be. Definitely a worthwhile purchase. Totally would recommend it!
camera|I would characterize myself as a mid-level amateur photographer - I'm picky about good image quality and not satisfied with cell phone pictures or a basic point and shoot. On the other hand, I don't want to carry a lot of bulky equipment and I don't know enough about photography to mess with things like aperture settings. Between 2005 and 2009 I went through four or five digital cameras as the technology evolved trying to find one that fit my needs. In May of 2009, I got the first camera in this series, the SX 200, and felt that I finally had the camera for me. It just takes fabulous pictures, is so easy to use, and easy to carry around. It has 12 X optical zoom, which was unbeatable in a compact point and shoot at that time.I've kept my eye on the newer models coming out and haven't been tempted to upgrade until I saw that the SX 260 had a 20 X optical zoom. I was concerned that some of the modes I used regularly on the SX 200 (indoor lighting, landscape) didn't seem to exist anymore, and another mode that I used frequently (portrait) still existed but wasn't accessible through the dial, you have to go through the menu.After a few days of trying this camera, I am just blown away by the image quality. I experimented with different scene modes, but there's really very little need to use anything but auto. The camera just figures out what you want to do. I've gotten a number of incredibly beautiful flower pictures without ever leaving auto mode. If you want macro, you just zoom in on what you want and there it is. If you want pictures of people, it figures that out and adjusts accordingly. The 20 X zoom is phenomenal and, as others have stated, the image stabilization is flawless. I can take pictures one-handed while holding my two dogs' leashes in the other hand as they pull and tug to keep walking, and there's no blur or lack of focus whatsoever in the pictures (I will say this was also true of the SX 200).I've uploaded a couple of images if you want to look at them.Regarding video, I'm of the school that if you want video, use a video camera. I do have a video camera, but I don't use it very often. Generally I prefer still photographs. So, I would use the video in limited situations where something came up that I wanted to capture and I didn't have my video camera with me. I did a little testing of the video and did not hear the whirring and clicking that others reported. The video quality is very good. I did notice that the playback was atrocious using VLC media player - there was a very loud hiss and the images would pixelate and freeze during playback. However, when using Windows media player for playback, the hiss was only slightly audible and significantly reduced, and the video playback was flawless. For the limited occasions that I expect to use the camera for video, it's perfectly adequate for my needs.I've been so happy with the Canon SX 200 that I really hesitated a lot before purchasing the upgrade. Finally I decided to give it a try, knowing that Amazon would take it back if I wasn't happy with it. I'm so happy that I did - I'm extremely pleased with this camera.Oh, I got red, not black, and it's a little more pinkish than I would like, a darker red wold be nicer :) But who cares, a fun color is nice but what really counts is how it performs.
camera|So far, I am not happy with this camera. The pictures in Auto and P more are not in focus. When looking at the image it is in focus, but then when you press the shutter button half way, the image goes out of focus. I will be calling Canon to complain to see if it is a defective camera. Anyone else have this issue?5/29 update - Photos from the Memorial Day parade were mostly out of focus using auto mode. The only way to get clear pictures was to use the manual focus and set the distance to infinity. Called Canon today. Rep had me reset the camera. Still having the same issues. I will be talking to a friend that recommended the camera to me to see if his has had similar problems. At this point, I am suspecting I have a defective camera as most of the other reviews are positive. I will update as I find out more.6/4 update - Decided to return the camera to amazon as defective. I received the replacement on 6/1. The new camera is functioning significantly better. So, I must have had a defective camera. We took numerous pictures over the weekend including action shots. The camera took these in focus. I have upgraded my rating from 2 stars to 4 stars.
camera|The canon SX260 is a great compact camera. Though the length is a little longer then the standard digital camera. It is still compact.A 3" LCD display, gives you a great clarity image. With Canons new CMOS senser, it is above all other digital camera sensors.12.1 megapixel, with a great 20x zoom and a 25mm wide angle lens. The macro is not the best, but the telephoto side is one of the best on a digital camera.One of the cons on the camera is the video recording feature. Though you can record at full 1080p, you can only recording at 24fps. It doesn't have an external mic jack, but not many compact size digital cameras do.And overal 4 Star, and I recommend it for a nice point and shoot. Red, Black, and a forest green color is available for the SX260
camera|I love this camera! This is my transition from film to digital camera and I began right off the bat taking professional-looking pictures. I like the fact that it has controls on the camera body and not everything is hidden where you have to push a "mode" button for anything to pop-up on the screen. I was able to operate it without help in the store (not having EVER used a digital camera). I think that says a lot about Canon. I've taken some great garden photos so I would especially recommend the camera for people wanting to get fantastic flower close-ups. It is one of the pricier point and shoot cameras but I feel I made a good investment. The set-up on the computer was easy and I am not a computer person. Canon support has been so fast in responding to some routine questions I had about traveling with the camera.
camera|I did a lot of research before purchasing the Canon SX260-HS. I have a Canon 20D SLR that usually sits in the hotel room on trips because it is too big and heavy to carry on wander abouts. This camera slips very easily into a front pocket of my pants, so it is there when I want it. It has more bells and whistles than the 20D, which cost $2k in 2005. That's a sobering thought...Here are some LIKe and DISLIKE ramblings...DISLIKE: No viewfinder, but I knew that when I bought it--just didn't realize how much I would miss it. Small cameras generally cannot have both a viewfinder and a large LCD screen.LIKE: The white balance for various settings like bright sun, cloudy, tungsten etc. seem very accurate.DISLIKE: No printed manual--It's 246 pages, and you most likely will need to read it to understand half of what the camera can do.LIKE: Fast. Takes about 2 seconds to turn on and extend the lens. Less, to re-extend the lens from sleep mode.DISLIKE: Internal stabilization. I no longer put any faith in this and recommend getting a small, malleable tripod. Except in very bright sunlight, a picture taken one-handed will show jitter, and some two-handed shots will also show jitter. Brace the camera against a wall or lamp post where possible.LIKE: Pretty good video, but I can faintly hear the servo whine in the background in quiet settings. Using the telephoto in video mode without a tripod/brace will exacerbate movement.DISLIKE: Naturally, it won't react as fast as a dSLR, especially in lower light settings. For action shots, take bursts of multiple shots and keep the best ones.DISLIKE: No RAW.I believe that if I had the time to truly read the manual, I would be better able to understand the camera's logic and thereby possibly circumvent permutations I inadvertently may create.I'm a Canon camera devotee. I compared a lot of cameras on the CU website, and then read a lot of reviews on Amazon. I narrowed my choices down to the S95 and the SX260. I ended up choosing this one for the 20X optical zoom over the S95's potentially better low light capabilities. Now, if I did it over again, I might opt for the S95. Tough choice.If you purchase this camera, I recommend a fast card like the SanDisk 32 GB SDHC Class 10. With the least compression, it will hold over 5500 pictures. I also recommend you buy at least one other battery as they average between 230 and 260 shots per battery. I was able to buy a genuine Canon battery in retail packaging with hologram through Amazon--not one of their market place sellers.
camera|When I travel, I take a lot of photos in low light conditions (mostly art work inside churches, etc.) and I have gone through about 3 cameras in the last few years looking for one that would do a good job on this. This one is perfect: I even took some photos in some very, very dark catacombs on Malta and they came out beautifully.It's also good for normal lighting conditions, of course; it focuses quickly and its video capacity seemed good to me. It's got a fairly wide angle for a basic camera and I was pleased with the landscape photos I took.Very, very happy with this camera!
camera|I was thinking this would be about the size and weight of the PowerShot Elph cameras I've been using, but it's much larger and heavier. It will fit in your pocket, but not comfortably. Make sure you have a good belt because the weight of the camera will make your pants sag :) For that reason, I might not travel or hike with it. So if you like the size of the Elph, this camera might not be for you.Having said that, this is a great camera. After seeing what its amazing lens is capable of, I realize that it was unreasonable to think that it would be any smaller or lighter. The range of the lens really is unbelievable, and the depth of field almost puts it in SLR territory. It takes very high quality photos, is easy to use, and the price is right.One thing I wish were different is the pop-up flash. It's located inconveniently and is just annoying in general. I don't know why they didn't just embed it in the face of the camera, like with the Elphs.
camera|ALL OF THE 5 STARS REVIEWS HAVE TOLD EVERYTHING ALREADY.It took me months to research and find the perfect camera, and this was the winner. Luckily It was even more better than what I was expecting.This was what I wanted:-A camera than took pictures closely to the quality to a professional, without being one!-Good night picture quality, no grainy or blurry pictures.-Long and quality Zoom!-Colorful pictures (without needing to edit the color each time)-Quality focal pictures......I got even more than this! you'll be amazed with the quality of all pictures, specially the night ones.It's hard to find a digital camera than takes pictures this good at night! Even caught ups fireworks, glow stick , Christmas trees amazingly well! (look at my tree in the customers pictures). The zoom is my other favorite! you can be in the last seat, way up in a huge stadium at a concert, and still get a really sharp and super close up to you favorite artist!..ill definitely recommend this camera to any one.Is the best small digital camera I've own up to this point.The cons:Just like many 4 stars say.. the flash location!BE AWARE OF THIS.. I WAS AWARE BEFORE BUYING IT, SINCE A LOT OF REVIEW TELL THIS.Everyone will definitely have a problem with the flash location, In my case I don't really care because I've gotten used to putting my finger somewhere else while taking a picture, but it does bother when you give it to somewhere else and they put the finger in there and the flash won't come up.You just ALWAYS have to remember to tell them not do that before taking it, or just like I do it, I quickly turn off the camera & randomly take a picture (to the floor, anywhere) before giving the camera to someone and the flash will stay out for a while for the next picture (or until you turn it off). People will see the flash is there and that makes them not to touch it.I can't really give this camera 4 stars just because of this, because In my opinion all of the amazing pro's that it has are worth it! If they ever make the a newer model with the flash in the middle, or somewhere it will absolutely be 100% perfect. For now i'll give it a 99% :)
camera|I adore it! I believe it's better than love: less blindness. This Camera amazes me every day. I learn new things about it very easily, because it's very intuitive. I recommend it to everyone. Great compact I can fit in every purse. Well, maybe almost every.However, the quality of the package sent was doubtful - the box with the camera wasn't secured at all - just wraped in paper. I believe I was very lucky the camera got here without any mechanical damage.
camera|After reviewing several similar cameras, I purchased this one. It is a GREAT camera. The zoom is fantastic and I wanted a camera that wasn't too big to carry around on vacation, etc. This is the one!
camera|Never dreamed that image stabilization would work for hand-holding the camera at 80x and the images are NOT blurry. And that is without a flash to make it crisp! Very easy to use different settings, move to viewing, back to shot taking, easy to turn flash on/off, etc, etc. Just a smart design. Yes, the flash pops up info your left hand. After a couple days of use, I just held it bit off to the side and the flash was a non-issue. Beautiful video and easy to use with dedicated button to go into movie mode, or just touch shutter button to leave and go back to regular photos. Macro lets you get up super close to that flower photo and it's actually in focus! No complaints. And just buy that extra 2 pack of batteries so you have no worries that you're good for a day roaming around on vacation.
camera|I purchased this camera for my daughter for Christmas since her old Canon wasn't always working properly. She takes some amazing photos of my grandkids - so I didn't want that to stop! She opened the box on Christmas day (I had charged the battery) and started shooting with the automatic settings and took some fantastic photos. I use a Nikon and I'm a fan of both Canon and Nikon - although other brands do a good job too. You will find reveiws on here that give you all the nitty gritty - far beyond my ability to provide. So let me just say this.... If you are looking for a very good, solid &#34;point and shoot&#34; camera with the ability to &#34;tweek&#34; settings, I believe this camera should be considered as one of your top options at this price.
camera|We are not, I repeat not photographers. But I appreciate the ease of use of this camera. It takes nice pictures and the battery lasts a good amount of time. My only complaint is the location of the pop-up flash which I always seem to have my finger on when it tries to pop-up.
camera|Tried an SX260 a few months ago and was not overly impressed with sharpness or long telephoto results. Even so, it was pretty good I thought, if the price would just come down from the $289....It was my luck in mid-December to find it on a Holiday Special..!! Figured I would be satisfied at the new price, and I was correct. Now, not only am I satisfied, but I believe I got a better performing unit this time. If you look carefully at the comment/review dates, I believe around September Amazon and Canon began to ship updated versions.As long as you keep the ISO under, or maybe at, 800....you will get a very usable result to view on a good sized HDTV. With flash, you can set ISO at 200 or 400, and the camera will sync with the flash. You usually do not need to let the Auto set your ISO higher, as it is prone to do.Major Pros:a./ Good results at ISO 800 or less. Indoors, don't let the Auto take you to 1600 as it often wants to do - set P mode and ISO at 800 in room ambient light. Better lit indoor scenes can use P or A mode and ISO400, if you are not shooting moving kids or pets.b./ Nice zoom out to full optical 20X, and even on out to about 28-30X...Past that, maybe, maybe not. according to lighting conditions. Indoors, try not to go past 3 to 5X with or without flash. Panasonic's FZ150 zoom is slightly better indoors and out, but it is also a much bulkier and more expensive camera.c./ Ajustable flash...very useful, for those restaurant and party scenes. Take a practice flash or two to get the proper compensation for the particular room lighting, and you are ready for the rest of the night.d./ Live View, which lets you change certain settings, and immediately see the effect on the LCD.e,/ Color rendition is among the best of the under-$300 point-and-shoots. Again, that Live View option helps if you need to adjust.f./ Decent battery life, with GPS not running. If you use GPS a lot, buy and charge an extra battery or two.g./ Very nice macro. This is where a good P&S outperforms ILC's and DSLRs, which cannot do macro under 10 inches, without an expensive "true macro" lens. The SX260 can do macro down to anout 2 inches, as can most P&S's. Also, "macro zoom" focus option works pretty well to get close-ups from a distance, if you use a tripod.Major Cons:a./ That pesky flash position, so you have to learn to watch for that, especially on startup and during review. But to keep it from popping up when you don't want it, just set the Flash to off ; it will stay there. You will have to turn it on when you need it, which is not so often in normal use.b./ LCD not so viewable outdoors, but of all the ones I've tried, only the tiltable LCDs are actually much better.c./ Photo quality hits a wall at ISO800, as far as magnified viewing is concerned, and 1600 is strictly standard size viewing only. But in defense, I tried a $349 Olympus XZ1, and its 1600 was only a bit better. ( My other camera is a NEX-5N, if you want aperture and shutter speeds afforded by very usable ISO 3200 and 6400.)Overall, a very capable everyday camera, combining macro, zoom, and decent low-light in a very pocketable design and easy to learn interface.
camera|Camera quality is great for a point and shoot... Cons are it is very slow to take a pic and the battery life is short in my opinion. Other thank that for a point and shoot i was very happy with the Video on 1080P and the pic quality is great! I am pleased with this model and would suggest it for another person who is a beginner. Menu Controls are a little cumbersome, but its still workable..
camera|I was looking for something pocket-sized and fast to snap shots of wildlife on my walks. I tried many out in the store and this Canon had everything I was looking for. It's fast with a great zoom and it fits in my coat pocket and works out in the cold! Love it!
camera|I bought this for a two week trip to South America. It performed admirably with the only drawback being my lack of practice in everything it has to offer. The 20x optical zoom is fantastic. The geometry, casing material, and overall feel is terrific. I took over 8,000 photos and video clips over the two weeks without a hiccup. I used a 16gb SanDisk card, downloaded files every evening and never missed a shot. I went through batteries like crazy. Always had one in the camera, one in my pocket and another charging. Don't know if this is unusual. Now my wife wants one.
camera|I was hesitant to purchase this camera as I had been looking a various models and makes. I really wanted to be able tozoom in close from a distance, this camera is the one. Not only a terrific zoom capibility, the pics are crisp and clear.I love the green since most of my family and friends all have silver or black or red. This is the first green one I have bought.Canon is a excellent company that stands behind there products, my husband has always had canon cameras and I have usually had sony or nikon. There is no comparision, I don't miss my nikon at all as much as I loved it.This so close to being a SLR but yet it is a point and shoot. Love it, great gift, as this was a early xmas present from myhusband I just had to have it early so I could get all the good shots in the morning on xmas.
camera|I have been looking for a good compact camera with zoom and thought I found the one. What I experienced using the SX260 was the following.The time between taking another picture was too slow. It would take 2 seconds or more between shots to take another picture. The popup flash; not unique to this make or model; made it difficult to hold the camera. It would pop up and then retract and you need to keep your fingers out of the way. The zoom was powerful but using it greatly reduced the quality of the picture. The low light ability of this camera was extremely lacking. With the flash and camera on auto the flash would work sporadically. Many indoor photos were too dark to see. What you see on the LCD display is not what the picture will look like. The LCD screen would look dark and grainy and the picture would come out fine and other times it would look great and the picture would come out looking terrible.I purchase this camera based on the overwhelming number of great reviews and was very disappointed with my experience using this camera. I found it hard to hold. Trying to never have a finger in the way of the flash made it even more difficult. I thought I wanted or needed a super zoom but there is no need if the picture quality is going to be degraded enough to make them useless.Anything is possible and based on the number of 5 star reviews I may have received a lemon. For this reason I gave it a 3 Star rating but it would have been a 1 if it was solely based on my experience in using the SX260.
camera|For the size of this thing it takes surprisingly good pics. I am still learning the features which are many but they seem pretty robust. Much better than may last Canon pocket which was 10MP with 5x optical. Live mode is pretty cool. Optical reach is impressive.
camera|I use a DSLR a lotI wanted a small camera with GPS capabilityThis preforms very well with GPS.Also takes better photos than I expected.
camera|A little background: I have owned several film SLRs (Olympus OM1, Minolta XD11) as well as point and shoot (P+S) film cameras (Nikon, Minolta) and over the last few years, several P+S digital cameras (Canon, Panasonic). One of the most important things I have found is the need for a decent wide angle lens. For a P+S camera, I make sure it goes to at least (the equivalent of) 25mm at the widest angle. Otherwise, if I am standing close to a large object, I am unable to frame it properly. The lack of a 25mm wide angle is what prevented me from buying the earlier model of this camera, the SX230HS.The SX260HS addresses this issue by having a 20x zoom lens that goes from 25mm to 200mm. This covers a very useable range in terms of wide angle to telephoto. The quality of the pictures is excellent. The only issue, as others have noted, is that in low light, the auto focus isn't that great - it can take some time to focus. A minor inconvenience is that the pop up flash has been placed on the left side, where I am used to grasping the camera. This does take some adjustment and I wish they had placed the flash in the middle rather on the left side. However, like most P+S cameras, the flash is fairly anemic (doesn't go beyond 10-15 feet), so most of the time I end up turning off the flash anyway and just shooting using available light. Another thing to note is that, like many other P+S cameras, the battery is not very big, so it pays to buy 1-2 extra battery packs.This is the first camera in a long time that has got me passionate about photography again. The relatively small size allows it to be easily carried, while the very versatile 20x zoom lens allows for excellent closeups as well as wide angle shots. Another thing to note is that, using the publicly available CHDK software, the stock firmware can be temporarily bypassed, allowing for longer (e.g., 1 hour) videos, shooting in RAW mode, etc.All in all, the SX260HS is an excellent P+S camera that is small but versatile. Like any P+S, there are some design tradeoffs, and so the camera is not without its minor flaws, but all things considered, if you are in the market for a P+S camera, the SX260HS is worth checking out, especially considering Canon aggressively discounts the SX260HS compared to comparable cameras from Sony (DSC-HX20V, DSC-HX30V) and Nikon (S9300).
camera|Bought this for a nice all purpose pocket camera. Love the zoom, takes good pics and video. Actually heavier than I thought it would be. Did not really hear the whine during video( I am a bit hard of hearing so maybe) but you can hear the zoom. I read reviews so knew about some noise using video, they are less than thought they would be. Battery is OK, but if you are going to shot very much video in a day, I'd recommend an extra battery. All in all, I am happy with it and could recommend.
camera|I bought the Cannon SX260HS for a long list of reasons. Primarily I needed an updated camera to replace my much loved Panasonic DMC-TZ3 we bought almost 5 years ago. A lot has changed in compact zoom "travel" cameras since then! I still wanted the quality optical zoom, but I now knew I wanted image stabilization, and manual settings for ISO, aperture/iris, and focus for both photos and videos. The aperture/iris setting is (somewhat) adjustable in the 1080p and iFrame but not in the 640x480 320x240 high speed modes. The ability to have a so many quality options in a light weight compact camera even though I shoot video professionally on professional cameras this camera is still quite fun to use.As many others have stated there are times you want the flexibility of everything in a small package, in fact that pretty much most of the time because very few us would enjoy carrying around all day a 4lb DSLR, or similar video camera, lighting kit, and sound kit. The SX260HS has many of the "capabilities" the professional cameras have, yet I wear it on my belt and hardly notice it is there.Off course there are limitations; especially in sound recording, but built-in sound is not very good on any camera.I have loved my Panasonic DMC-TZ3, but I have a relatively minor concern about the new ZS20/19; the touch screen sounds good, but fingerprints can quickly obscure the screen and in some situations it may be un-viewable. At least here where I have to deal with a lot of sun outdoors it can be. I would have liked the HDR of the ZS20/19, but there is software for that, some of it free. The panorama setting can also be duplicated with free software (Hugin). Mainly where I purchased my Cannon they had the ZS19 for the same price and that was my main objection.In the SX260HS I do not like the built in default color setting. The neutral setting is the most realistic as well as color correctable. Unless you never plan on using some type of color correction software (which in most cases will be vastly superior to in-camera settings) the best solution is to use the neutral setting. Professional photographers use raw with the same basic precept, easier and more detailed post image manipulation.I found the 320x240 240fps mode quite difficult to work with since the iris is set. In addition, there are problems with moire and aliasing. It can be useable as I produced in a video I made called "Birds, bees and cheese" which is you tube. I don't think they will let me leave the link in but here it is: [...]. I have not seen reviews which test the moire on the high speeds yet. I used this camera to shoot mostly 1080p 24fps video of "birds, bees and cheese" so it shows some of the capabilities will be viewable at 1080p. There are also samples of the 640x480 120fps and 640x480 24fps so you can see how important it may be to you shooting everything in 1080p.Focusing on wildlife in the outdoors is even with the best equipment difficult. For instance, with a bird in a tree, the auto setting will want to focus on the leaves/branches. In my short movie I shot a bird in a tree and some shots were definitely sharper than others, but because of the full zoom I ended up using that shot was not the sharpest (but can you tell). So until there is truly pinpoint tracking you will need to be manual to be somewhat assured of the best shot. If you get too close for the autofocus I've seen the bird will fly. The 20x=500mm is very functional and I've found even at 39x=975mm the photo/video is generally useable. Even on a 50" HDTV. 1000mm (F6.8) is a very big lens on a DSLR (with the best ones I can find quickly) only down to F5.6.The auto focus can be off a hair or 2 and although the image is not super sharp for most of us its fine. In addition I am not so sure the focus distances on the MF indicator are accurate either. I think the M setting should have Manual focus as default.My opening photo would be be much sharper if I had used a tripod and stitched a panorama, whereas I cropped a single photo and then did Ken Burns pan on the photo.If you are very perceptive the quick sound byte of the quail call has a humming sound, I believe that is actually a nearby A/C. That clip was accidentally shot at 640x480 and cropped.The close up of the bees was a difficult shot to get. I made a rig to hold the camera with and I stabilized it, but even so it wasn't super steady.I attained some nice depth of field for a few of the shots and I am quite happy with the results.From what I am reading and seeing 90% of people's problem of photos and video are primarily caused by the operator. If you want great photos/video don't expect that any camera will do it for you. Grab you camera which best suits your needs, shoot and have fun.Edit: June 20, 2012 Deleted: "Unfortunately (for me) the video side does not maintain manual focus (switches to automatic)." It will stay on MF (Manual focus)in video mode says so when recording. I went over several of my concerns above with Cannon and I found I was in error on the comment about the manual focus.Edit: Oct 21, 2012 CHDK has a hack for this camera which enables raw and other interesting and usable functions. I am absolutely loving these expanded abilities. At this price point I am not sure there is anything which will compare with CHDK installed. I concur with some of the reviews which talk about the auto-focus times being longer than others in its class. I have a relative who purchased a Sony Alpha DSLR at 3x the price (which I got to use) and that camera is super fast and impressive with its auto-focus. After using the Sony Alpha I see how helpful (especially in sports photography) a fast auto-focus is. Its also useful in other circumstances. For instance it can take a few seconds to find focus when you are near full 20x zoom and that may mean you miss the shot. Whats worse is sometimes after a few seconds it does not find the right focus. If your intended use is lots of full zooms with auto-focus I would not recommend this camera. For me I use auto-focus rarely, so its not as big an issue, but its also because its not very reliable. Also, the low light capabilities are limited because of current technology, price and 4.5mm lens speed. 4.5mm lens is not a very fast lens. When trying to avoid a flash, I've had to resort to high grainy ISOs even when a light is on the subject.
camera|I have a Canon EOS 60D and I was looking for a portable camera to use when i can't carry my EOS. I have to say that I'm very pleased by the results of this little camera. It has a perfect size, the grip can be a little tricky specialy when the flash comes out, because it's hidden and pops out when you are going to use it. The pictures and the video quality are very good, and the zoom is excelent. I really like the feature of the night shots. The lowest point I think is the battery life, specially with the GPS on. Overall I think it's an excelent pocket camera.
camera|I want to preface that I am not a professional or very dedicated photographer. My review is for people like me: love photography, use mostly scene settings, some manual tinkering (aperture and shutter speed priority) and love to take scenery and wildlife pictures. I am in the market for a smaller camera to take to my hikes/travel etc. to replace my Lumix FZ28 which was stolen on my recent trip to Costa Rica. I already have a Nikon D5100 which I love and takes great pics, but it was just to heavy and bulky to take it along. I purchased both a Canon SX260HS and a Lumix ZS19 to try out because both their specifications seem comparable and I trust both brands. I took pics side by side with these two cameras, and here are my observations:1. color: panasonic colors were generally cooler with more green/blue vs. the canon's warmer colors (yellowish tones) for the same scenes and lighting2. the HDR features of the Lumix are amazing for high contrast/bright background.3. the zoomed pictures for the Lumix were clearer (less blurry) than the Canon's (I took pictures of a power tower and some distant hills in the late afternoon light)4. the most important consideration for me was the ability to focus. I took pictures of flowers and foliage and the Lumix clearly outshone with the feature of the touch screen (I could tell it to focus on a particular petal or detail just by touching the image on the screen) whereas I ended up with a lot of out of focus pictures with the Canon.Note that I did not try the GPS feature of the Canon since it is not that important to me.In conclusion, even the expert reviews talk about a better image quality of the Canon SX260, I decided that for my purposes, I prefer the images that the Lumix ZS19.I am going to return both cameras today and order the Lumix ZS20 instead (because of the promotion, the price of the ZS20 is the same as what I paid for the ZS19, so the GPS feature is for free!!!)
camera|As 'advanced amateurs' my wife and I have owned numeous Canon cameras and camcorders, as well as several other makes over the years. When we learned of the new Canon SX260 with a 20X zoom we immediately checked it out and then purchased one through Amazon.com. It arrived just before the April, 2012 Washington DC Cherry Blossom Festival began so our first use was to record the beautiful cherry blossoms at the Tidal Basin. We both own earlier Canon ELPH's, an SD700 and SD850, which are great little 4X 'point & shoots' for carrying with us everywhere we travel, so we wanted to see the comparison in quality, as well as to utilize the greater 20X zoom capabilities of the the SX260 which coincides nicely with my Canon 20X Vixia HD camcorder.The quality of the zoom photos is excellent and the IS feature is very effective. All our first day shots were 'hand-held' but, as with any longer zoom, a tripod always assures better quality. Photo 're-cycle' time is very good and the larger LCD screen is nice but we missed the Viewfinder of our ELPH's as the sun sometimes made the LCD hard to see. The SX260 is slightly larger than our ELPH's and the position of the 'pop-up' flash interferes slightly with a good finger grip on the top left of the camera. We have not used the GPS feature as yet but wished we could have had it during a recent trip to Italy. We are still exploring other features so may 'update' this review later.Overall, we are extremely pleased with the new SX260 and would highly recommend it to people looking for an easy to carry small camera that has considerably more than just a minimum capability.
camera|I've owned several Panasonic cameras starting with the TZ3. I recently bought the ZS20/TZ30 and was disappointed in how fuzzy the photos looked. So I bought a Canon SX260 and spent an afternoon taking identical shots with each. I started in the bright of day and finished well after dark using a tripod for the shots. While the Panasonic has more features, the Canon far outperformed in image quality. The Canon at ISO 1600 is similar to the Panasonic at ISO 500. At ISO 100 the Canon shots just look better. I'm returning the Panasonic and keeping the Canon.
camera|Received this camera from Amazon around Oct. 16th. All was well, shot probably 150-200 pictures in a month and a half. This weekend for Thanksgiving, pulled the camera out to take pictures of the family and I couldn't see the LCD screen. I barely saw movement and when I went to the picture view mode it stayed dark but would, intermittently, return to normal. Rushed to the computer to see if I was within the return window for Amazon, LOL, it ended Nov 19th, a few days ago. So now it is on it's way to a Canon Service Center for repairs. Says it's under warranty and I won't be charged for service but it cost $11 to get it there. We'll see how this goes, but not boding well for this Canon, so far. Will follow up with updates when I get it back...UPDATE: 11/30/12, Message from Canon repair says they're sending a new or refurbished camera back as they did not have the necessary parts to fix the camera. Hope this one is a winner.
camera|I've had Canon powershots for many years. Left my last one on a return flight from Alaska and forget it if the airline will make an effort to get it returned to you. I've heard it's finder's keeper's for the cleaning crew. So anyway...I tried a Sony Cybershot. But it was slow on start-up, and erasing images, and just slow overall. It took great pictures though. So, I decided to give that one to my daughter and ordered this Canon SX260. I took it recently on a trip to Utah and Yellowstone. And all I can say is WOW. It performed beautifully. Start-up is awesome for those quick shots you don't have much time to prepare for, the color saturation was incredible, it even did good on quick moving shots through the RV window! Took handheld pictures of a full moon with the camera set at 80x zoom, and they were incredible. You can make out the craters in finer detail than any other camera I've ever had. It is small, compact, sturdy and solid. Buttons and programs are easy and explanatory. The Sony camera is better on the panorama feature versus the archaic style stitch-assist on the Canon. But I found I didn't use those landscape pictures much. Also, the "smooth skin" mode on the Sony is superb in comparison to Canon's similar feature. Wrinkles disappear on the Sony's - not so with the Canon. I guess you can't have it all. But I do not regret getting this camera!
camera|I am so disappointed with this camera. I purchased it after reading the hundreds of glowing reviews and found it to be an abysmal choice for my family. I guess if you were only shooting landscapes in brilliant sunlight, it might be an acceptable camera, but for capturing two young kids and the joy of Christmas it is a horrid choice.There's not a single photo of people that doesn't have some blurring in the photo. The auto focus function is very slow and randomly locks on to various spots in the frame. It makes trying to a photo more like trying to play a very frustrating video game, better fire when the sights are on the correct target, because who knows how long before it jumps to the next one. Many of the photos of the kids were missing one thing.... the kids, this camera is so laggy that they were often out of the frame by the time the camera decided to release the shutter. Forget about getting another shot off to make up for the one you missed, as the write time (even to a class 10 card) also seems excessive.I purchased this camera to replace a 6 year old Canon Powershot ELPH SD600 - now that is a fantastic camera. In fact, we gave that camera to our seven year old daughter and the photos that she took are so much clearer and in focus than those taken with the SX260. Even the photos I took with my iPhone 5 are better, since I could focus reliably. I've never seen a camera that focused so poorly. After I realized that the photo quality was so bad, I began testing and took multiple shots from the same location within a few seconds of each other. The focus point would change betwen these shots and result in wildly varied pictures. The one thing that I noticed was that on highly zoomed shots of inanimate objects, the focus was much sharper and more what I expected from this camera.Even though I purchased the camera to use for pickup and shoot pictures, I did try to experiment with the various settings and took the camera off Auto mode. I got better shots using AV or TV mode, but even then the shots were just plain bad. It seems that there's something off with the flash (in addition to the horrid placement, more on that later) it didn't freeze motion like I'm used to with other cameras. Even flash photos are very blurry if there is any motion.And speaking of the flash, it is like a jack-in-the-box that pops up, right where your fingers naturally rest, at the most in opportune times. This either shocks and makes you miss your shot or requires you to restart the camera if you don't get out of the way in time.The horrible photos, the frustrating focus, the draggy performance and the poor design all add to to make this the most aggrevating device that I've seen in a long time.
camera|I have taken enough photos and test videos with this camera to know I am going to like it a lot. I already have a Canon Power Shot, so I was already familiar with many of the menu items. The primary reason I bought this camera was so I could have HD video capabilities in my shirt pocket that coupled with decent still shots as well. The images this camera produces are much less noisy than the images shot with my wife's Panasonic ZS20. The biggest negative I have found with this camera is when the flash pops up I always have my finger placed on the spot where the flash is. I have had to restart the camera 3 or 4 times because I have caused the flash to jam. Hopefully, I can get used to placing my left hand in another position. I have found the extreme zoom capabilities while videoing to be awesome. I don't really see the need for a dedicated video camera as long as I have the SX260. I don't regret my purchase at all.
camera|I had two cameras before purchasing this one, a small Nikon Coolpix which I liked to carry around and a larger Canon SX10 IS with good zoom and other features but a bulky size and often got left at home for this reason. I bought this camera because it looked like it combined the features and zoom of the larger canon with the pocket size of the Nikon. I have been using it a few weeks and am happy to report that it is a good replacement for both cameras. I even went on a vacation where I was taking a lot of pictures inside caves and most of them turned out very nice. When outside I got good blues in the sky on most photos, and got good macro shots of food and drinks. I did not have too many poor pictures, but I do seem to get more blurry pictures than with the SX10 IS, because this camera is so much smaller and lighter that it is less stable to hold, especially if you are zoomed in a lot. I loved the small size and don't expect I ever want to carry a larger camera again if I can get this kind of zoom and quality from a pocket sized camera. There is a bit of a learning curve at first, but I suggest trying different modes and settings and learning the camera before going on vacation as the "auto" mode does not always produce the best results. I do find myself changing the mode often.
camera|I have been using this camera now for a while. I come from the SLR film days and needed something that would provide full manual (just enough) controls that would allow me to tweak settings if I wished. This camera is a 90% fit for me in this regard. No use having all of the bells and whistles and not be able to grab it and carry it along and end up missing the shot. There are compromises, notably some quality, for the convenience. If all you end up printing on is letter sized photo paper, you'll be fine. I use a Canon Pixma 980 and the results are as good as my SLR stuff from 25 years ago, all instantly, compared to those days. Take the time and go through the manual (it's a pity that it only comes in pdf format) it is really worth it. That being said, it's a lot to digest in one go, so give yourself some time to work through the features (and there are many). Seems that each setting has some gems buried in sub-layers of settings. Unless you clearly understand the basics and what the terms mean, it can get quite intimidating. The auto modes do work well though, and if you understand the impact of high ISO, various shutter speeds and aperture values, you can always tweak things yourself. The bottom line is that it does a fine job of both auto and manual shots. The wide to superzoom is really great, and combined with some really good low/natural light capabilities, this camera is lots of fun. The most confusing thing for me when I first held it was "where do I hold it?" It's so small, that I really do not know where to place my fingers at times, but the metal feel is sturdy. The flash can be a bit annoying sometimes, but I've worked that out by mainly shooting in "auto" and setting "no flash" until I do really need it. The GPS feature is handy, but I would not use it unless travelling around. Get lots of spare batteries, you'll need them, as battery life is not too good. Also get a good case, as the lens can be easily damaged. There is lots more that I can say about this camera, nearly all good; but I'll leave it here for now. P.S. Do not be afraid of the digital zoom, this one can actually get a really far off shot if necessary, and the blur is understandable, but tolerable.July 17th 2012 Update:Still loving this camera. Pay attention to all of the features and experiment with P settings. Keep ISO at around 200 and you will get the sharpest pics, although the high ISOs in low light on Auto does do a pretty good job. The camera has what it takes if you care to take the time and learn how to use its many features. Sometimes a bit daunting for the point and shoot person, but nice to know that manual settings are there when you feel to push your photography skills a bit further.October 3rd 2012:It has been six months now, and this camera does not disappoint ....period. Want a solid point and shoot with great quality? Buy this!
camera|The Canon SX260 HS has a zoom lens of astounding power and quality that covers the range from an ultra wide 25mm out to a 500mm long range zoom that enables you to get a good photo of the batter from a seat in center field.Why do I love this lense? The photos in the wide-angle range of 25mm to 35mm are superior in quality to those taken with my Nikon and Minolta wide angle lenses that sold for twice the price of this camera. The lens is especially sharp in the 50mm to 150mm range where most photos are taken. And, surprisingly, the long-range photos in the 300mm to 500mm can be superb if you take the time to carefully steady the camera and lock in a precise focus.The stabilization mode enables you to take good photos at 500mm without a tripod, although supporting your hands on a railing or other support will increase the percentage of sharp pictures. The Canon will focus quickly at 500mm in bright sun light, but in hazy, or cloudy conditions, it may take a few seconds to lock in a precise focus.In the "old days", we used a heavy duty tripod and a magnifying eyepiece to get sharp photos at 500mm. So, I don't mind the fact that the Canon sometimes takes five or six seconds to get a precise focus lock on long range subjects...beats carrying a five pound tripod and two pound telephoto lens.The Canon's many manual modes permit getting exactly the photo you want, although studying the full 240 page manual, and reading Burian's "Canon Powershot G12" Guide will help you learn how to unlock all of the powerful features of the SX260. And, you can put the Canon into the "easy mode" with the red heart symbol, hand it to a ten year old, and most of the photos will turn out great.I prefer to use manual mode, with the ISO locked at ISO 100, and the aperture set near f/4 for the sharpest results. Under cloudy/hazy conditions, I use ISO 400 and I found that an 8 x 10 enlargement from the ISO 400 photos look just as sharp as an 8 x 10 enlargement from a ISO 100 photo. The quality of 8 x 10 enlargements at ISO 800 are noticeably lower, which is why I don't like using the Canon's auto modes...the auto modes often select ISO 800 when ISO 400 would be a much better choice.The SX260 has a "Live" mode that enabled me to take a photo I've struggled with for years. A building in my neighborhood has a facade that mixes white stone with gold stone, and brown stone. I've taken photos of it with about six different cameras and every possible setting. At best, I can get the color and tone of two of the three colors of stone just right, but never all three.The "live" mode puts an image of the building on the screen and then lets me move three sliders for the color balance, brightness, and color saturation. Just keep moving the sliders until the image on the camera's screen has all three sets of stone precisely the correct color, then take the picture. The photo will be perfect.The power of the "live" mode is that you are not chosing a "sunny" color balance or a "shade" color balance...the slider lets you dial in a precise color balance that may be somewhere between "sunny" and "shade". Likewise, the color saturation slider lets you get colors that are stronger than "neutral", but not as strong as "vivid". The live mode is easier to use than to describe, but the bottom line is: you will be able to get a perfect photo of any subject, no matter how challenging.Flash photos are mediocre. I get better results indoors by using ISO 400 and keeping the flash off. The "custom" white balance feature makes it possible to reproduce a candle lighted dinner or a Klieg lighted rock concert.The SX260 is the smallest and lightest camera with a 25mm to 500mm zoom lens that provides full manual modes. It is the best light weight travel camera on the market selling for anything close to its price. I suspect more than a few pros will have one in their bag.If you want to be able to enjoy the full power of the SX260, buy Burian's "Canon Powershot G12" guide. The SX260 and G12 share most of their key features, although some features have different names. Burian will show you how to take photos with the SX260 that look like photos taken with a $3,000 pro DSLR.
camera|We travel often, and I am a serious-amateur photographer, taking many photos on every trip, both in the US and in Europe. One of my criteria is that the camera must be one I can carry in my pants or jacket pocket so it's always ready, but still high quality enough to take excellent photos and videos, be versatile, and have a processor that allows me to take good shots without a flash in places such as museums, cathedrals, castles, and other interior sites. Most of cameras have been Canons, and they have performed well. Based on reviews in camera mags, I bought the Canon SX260 this fall, as I thought its amazing 20x optical zoom, new processor, stabilizer, and wide angle lens would make it ideal for travel photos. At only $270 from Amazon, it was well below the big SLRs and other cameras I saw advertised, but would still be in-the-pocket ready. We have just returned from a two-week tour of Scotland- lots of lakes (lochs), the highlands, historic sites - a real test for any camera. In every respect, the Canon 260 lived up to its claims, and, in my opinion, may be the best camera for travelers on the market. The 20x zoom, over and over, allowed my to get shots of scenery, people, castle and cathedral interiors that would have been impossible before. The amazing processor "gathered" light in even very dim places,so I never had to use a flash once; I turned in off on the first day of the tour and never needed it for two weeks! And - a small but appreciated detail -- in every Canon before, if you turned the flash off for a shot, the next time you turned on the camera, it defaulted to flash on, making you turn it off over and over. With the 260, if you turn it off, it stays off until you change it - a big time saver. I was even able to take night shots of the lights and harbor at Oban- no flash, handheld and stabilized. The improved video controls on the back make that job easier as well. Although a bit larger by about 1/4" and a bit heavier by about 1 1/2oz, it is still easily an in-the-pocket, ready to go camera for any trip or occasion. In short, I 100% recommend this new Canon, for travel or otherwise, I
camera|First let me say that I have a Nikon D80 that I love. However, I really wanted a compact camera that could fit in my pocket easily so that I didn't have to tote the big Nikon everywhere. After tons of research, I first tried a Sony and returned it after one day because the pictures all looked like water paintings. At that point, I was worried that no compact camera would give me the picture quality I was seeking and accustomed to with my DSLR. Oh, how I was wrong.I played with my new Canon Powershot SX260 HS and instantly fell in love. The pictures are amazing sharp and clear, and there are plenty of controls for those who are used to manual settings in DSLR cameras. The videos turned out nice and clean also, and although I can hear a slight sound when I zoom, it does not take away from the video or overpower it in any way.There are lots of fun settings in this camera as well. You can set up photo ID's of your loved ones, and this camera will automatically pick them out in a scene and focus on them. I have an active 4-yr-old, and so far, I've not gotten any blurry or unusable shots.Overall, I am very pleased. I took a picture of the moon last night without a tripod, and I could see the craters in the moon quite clearly. After seeing my photos with this little camera, my family and friends all started posting their large DSLR cameras for sale so that they could switch out for this compact camera. That says a lot as to the picture quality. I urge people to try this one - you won't be disappointed!
camera|NOTE: My previous review stated some strong concerns about a high-pitched audio frequency coming through all the videos. We exchanged the first camera, but the 2nd was not pronounced enough to ding the review significantly for. I have revised the star rating to match, though I'm not convinced it's gone...Let me preface by saying that I've been buying and recommending Canon digitals for over 10 years. In fact I still have my old silver PowerShot S60 stowed away in my drawer, and the SX260 HS is probably our 9th Canon. I'm starting to wonder if that's actually a GOOD sign or not, as the longevity of every new model seems to suffer...After our SX230 began putting out more and more WEIRDLY colored photos in P-Auto mode (in full, healthy sunlight no less where Canons have always shined), we started shopping other brands. There's a lot of good cameras out there but between the Nikon's noise, and the Sony's dull brown colors we always returned what we had and waited for the next in the SX series.Now that we have it, my wife has been really happy with the photo quality in most situations, however the AUTO mode which advertises as being "so intelligent" misses the mark on MANY occasions. Especially around kids and low light. Every kids photo comes out blurry, so inevitably I return to P mode and manually up the ISO or force the flash to compensate.The video of the last couple generations has been fantastic in HD, although there is a bit of ambient audio hiss in this model which we don't notice in our older videos.On average though, I can recommend this camera.
camera|After reading more than 200 product and customer reviews about this and several other cameras, I decided that more than anything else I really wanted the 20x optical zoom and I really wanted the quality of photo I've come to expect from Canon. Nevertheless, I was very worried about the whining noise other reviewers reported hearing during video playback. Although this is primarily a photo camera for me, I still like to be able to take videos of some things; and I especially like being able to do it with the same camera that I use for photos; because I don't want to carry more devices than is absolutely necessary. If you can't already tell, I'm a point and shoot kind of guy. That said, I know a few professional photographers, so I recognize the difference between a good photo and an average one.The good:This camera takes beautiful photos.The 20x optical zoom is spectacular (I've even taken pictures of Saturn, Mars, Venus, and Jupiter).The low and variable light focus is shockingly good with few pictures ruined by blur.I have not heard a whine during video playback.Although the zoom motor can be clearly heard during very quiet video, most of my video shots consist of the kids playing or singing at a school performance, or other somewhat noisy activities. Under those circumstances, even the zoom motor is completely drowned-out.The bad:The zoom motor is clearly audible in video playback if the activity being shot is quiet.I don't particularly like the positioning of the video record button (but I'll learn to live with it).In short, I don't know how I ever lived without 20x optical zoom! I love it.
camera|Like many other reviewers, I spent countless hours researching before purchasing. I seriously debated between this camera and the Panasonic Lumix DMC- ZS15 Panasonic LUMIX DMC-ZS15 12.1 MP High Sensitivity MOS Digital Camera with 16x Optical Zoom (Black) I read all of the reviews posted here (plus comments) as well as the in-depth reviews from c/net and dpreview (I would strongly suggest reading the reviews on dpreview - very, very helpful!) I was in the market for a point and shoot because I am having my first baby very soon. In the end, I picked the Canon over the Panasonic because I've heard that the Canons are more "user friendly" and I want to enjoy taking pics, not be struggling with a camera. I won't re-iterate everything already posted here, just some comments: 1) If you are considering buying the "red" camera, be advised that the color is definitely more of a pink/rose/plum. (I posted a pic above) 2) The camera does NOT come with a memory card. You will not be able to take pics without one - like the old fashioned film cameras, you had to buy the film separately - not sure why this is a huge problem for so many people. I would suggest getting a class 10 - I bought this one & it works great. I have NO ISSUES with it being "slow to focus" or delay between shots --> Transcend 16GB Class 10 SDHC Flash Memory Card (TS16GSDHC10E) 3) It does NOT come with a full printed manual - it is accessed via the included CD or online at the Canon website. At 238 pages, it's "greener" to not include it. It comes with a quick-start printed 35 page booklet only. HOWEVER, in EASY mode, step-by-step instructions appear on the LCD screen to guide you along. 4) Lots of reviewers complain about the pop-up flash interfering with finger placement and how it pops-up "unexpectedly" during a shot. The flash does not obliterate the entire corner. It actually takes up less than half of the depth. There is plenty of room behind the flash to rest your finger if you insist on placing your fingers on the corners (unless you have huge fingertips). Also, you can simply turn the flash off - it is very easy to turn on and off with each shot. 5) Auto mode vs Easy mode - Auto mode is fully automatic, all buttons except zoom, flash disable, and movie button disabled. Easy mode is ALSO fully automatic with all buttons except zoom, flash disable and movie button disabled HOWEVER on-screen instructions on the LCD screen guide you through each shot. SUPER easy!PROS (some repeats of other reviews - sorry, just can't help myself!) :-The zoom is just freakin' awesome - I didn't think I needed it, but wow!-Made from metal, not plastic - feels sturdy and well built, without being heavy.-Very, very easy to use - literally just point and shoot for great shots, but with enough options to "grow" with the you and/or satisfy the more camera-savvy-So many settings and options! Not just the fun stuff like fisheye and pinhole effect, but settings for red-eye correction, wind filter, checking for closed eyes, face detection, wink self-timer, smooth skin, customizing sounds, discreet mode, snow, fireworks, underwater...plus so much more-Simply outstanding pictures - clear, crisp, vivid, bright, no blurring or overexposed photos - just AMAZING!-Price - for under 200 bucks, its a steal!-Amazon's phenomenal return policy. If you're not happy, return it - simple as that.CONS:-NONE so far - but I'll update if anything changes-Battery life - I haven't had an issue but others do complain about it. I have the GPS off which supposedly makes a big difference.
camera|All the reports of a high pitch noise been recorded on video mode are true. I bought this camera at Best_Buy and it had the same issue, this problem is extremely widespread and if you see the camera been sold at a discount is probably because the store knows they have a problem and are dumping them on uninformed buyers. Do not underestimate this noise, it will ruin your wedding video for sure or any video shot in a semi-quiet environment. Shame on Canon for not issuing a recall. Sadly there is no way to test the cameras been sold on internet stores and they are not easy to return.Also the battery life on this camera is dismal even if you are not using the GPS function or autofocus mode, if you turn the GPS you will be lucky if you get 200 pictures with one charge. Another annoying quirk is that this camera does not create automatic Panoramic photographs, it simply does not stitch them together, that is just plain dumb.UPDATE: I exchanged the defective Canon SX260 for the same model, the new camera produces no high pitch noise but the Canon SX260 still introduces an unusually loud white noise, sounds like a "waterfall" on the background, it is always there, even when there is music or dialogue. It never goes away. Compared to my Sony Cybershot, the Canon SX260 background noise is easily twice as loud what it should be. Because of this, I still cannot recommend this camera for shooting in quiet environments. In my humble opinion the microphone automatic "gain" is set too loud compared to other digital cameras.Walllmart has taken all their Canon SX260 off the shelves around here, I wonder why. BB is still selling them and may be re-selling the defective ones that everyone has returned including mine, Canon does not allow them to resale open-box so they may very well put them back on the shelf with no warning. I cannot speak for Amazon, their cameras could be fine but others here will have to testify to that.
camera|So as to not repeat many other reviews, I would refer you to the review by E. Tam on March 20, 2012. This review is a good review and assessment of the SX260.As a long time user of Olympus point and shoots, I just wasn't convinced the last one I purchased was up to reasonable expectations. So, after searching, I settled on the SX260. I had considered its predessor the SX230 but just didn't want to pay another $100 over the Olympus I purchased instead at that time. I have never regretted the higher price for the SX260. It's worth every penny more.After 2 weeks in Europe as my first big camera outing with the SX260, I'm totally pleased. For the amateur, this camera has an excellent Auto Mode. Beyond that, it has myriad of features you can work with. It's all about how involved you want to get.E. Tam listed Video as a con. I would tell you that I am pleased with it. I've actually had other cameras which did annoying things like only zoom during video in the digital zoom mode or no audio when zooming. The SX260 does it all...optical zoom and audio. For a still camera taking videos, it does well.Low light/no Flash mode: This is absolutely terrific. I've always been frustrated with the poor quality of low light/no flash pictures of other cameras. Set to this mode, this camera takes 4 quick shots of varying exposures with one push of the shutter and then the internal software overlaps the exposures to create one amazing picture. You just have to remember to hold the camera very still because it is a slower shutter speed. No tripod needed. Many times at night the picture was better than what you could see with the naked eye. This feature alone makes this camera totally worth it to me.While the camera does a good job of not eating battery life, if you have the power save setting on, you should get another battery or two, especially if you think you are going to use the GPS feature. Set to on, it will drain batteries pretty quick. Amazon has some inexpensive generic batteries that work well.This camera does not come with a printed User Manual, only a disk if you want to print it off. Because the manual is 245 pages long, I opted to order one from "manualsink.com". It was worth the $15.If you want to protect your camera when you carry it around but don't like the bulk of a camera case, I bought a camera "wrap." Amazon and Ebay sell them. Search for "Pedco Wrap-up". It attaches to the tripod socket, wraps arount the camera and secures with a velcro flap. Once you get the hang of it, it's very convenient, quick to open/close, and will fit in your pocket.
camera|Today, I received this camera which I ordered online days ago. The camera looks beautiful and I like its design. I took several pictures, the quality of pictures is nice.But, after recording video using this camera and playback, I heard that squeal sound, like other people experienced and posted in here.I think it is the defect of this camera. I will return it to the seller. If they can find one which has no this defect, I still want this SX260 HS. Otherwise, I want refund.Seems this is the defect of this new released camera. So, I would suggest that if you want to buy this camera, the better to wait for next 2-3 months, then to see.There are video which were posted by the buyers who have this problem also. I quote in here (see comments )for your reference.UPDATE:After waiting for another two weeks, I purchased this one again. This is my fourth SX260HS after returned previous three because of high pitched sound of video.This new one is great! No high pitched sound of video, and pictures quality is still pretty good. I also satisfy its lower-light shot. Not bad.The con is, so far, the Auto mode. When focusing on yellow flower, on the screen, it is kind of whiten. Another con is a little bit of slow when focusing.
camera|I received my SX260 last Wednesday and have taken about 700 shots and a few quick 5 minute video. Without writing a novel, here are the high/low points of this unit. In addition to this unit, I also purchased a couple of aftermarket batteries (and after market A/C adapters for about $5.00 each) for about $5.00 each and the batteries work fine. With the battery (original and aftermarket) I was able to get over 300 shots (50% flash) with zooming and playback and the battery meter still showed about 25% charge remaining.Pro'sZoom - very long for a subcompact camera 20x optical, total 81x combined (yes 81 times!)Image Stabilizer - Excellent (far superior than the DSC-HX9V); Even at 81x the picture did not come out of focus, but of course not as sharp. I think it's still acceptableScenes - A few scenes; I think the portrait, sepia, B/W works real well (the Portrait+ suppose to blur the picture a bit, but it's not to my liking) It has a few effects (fish eye, toy, miniature) that's very effective and can be fun for creative shots.Auto Mode - was able to pick the correct type of scene almost all the time; it has an easy mode, and smart auto. Not sure why they have an easy mode, but the smart auto works greatSize/Weight - very compact and weigh's 8.2 oz. I would have prefer if the lens was flushed with the unit, but at 20x it may not have been possibleUniformity - the unit does not feel cheap, and beautifully curved; no sharp jagged cornersGrip - the right side of the camera has a nice plastic strip for easier gripControls - Dial extremely easy to use with one hand. The other buttons, if you're a previous Canon user, it's a no brainer; the menu and setup are practically the same across all their models.Screen - 3 inch TFT LCD screen very beautiful; nuff saidProcessor - Didn't notice that much difference between the DIGIC 4/DIGIC 5, but compared to the DSC-HX9V, this camera is like a Ferrari.GPS - Camera has it, but I never used it and probably won't; at least for the time being. Am more interested in a camera that takes excellent pictureCon'sVideo - compared to the Sony DSC-HX9V this Canon comes in a distant second; if you plan on using this primarily as a video recorder, look elsewhere. I think Sony has excellent lens on their camera but their processing technology is clumsy, painfully slow and unacceptable; whereas with taking videos, the Sony does not do any processing (not to mention it captures at 60fps compared to Canon's 24/25 fps) This is one thing I will miss dearly.Flash - not sure if there is a good place but I had to change my grip as the flash is on the top left corner. Couple of times, I had my left index finger on the flash and the camera gave some flash error message and had to power off and power on the camera to reset the flash.If you're a casual or intermittent photographer (or a professional wanting an everyday point and shoot camera without carrying a luggage everywhere) that is interested in looking for a well refined point and shoot camera, yet has manual controls usually found on higher end DSLR (or higher end point and shoot camera), this is it!UPDATE 04/14/2012 - I paid $349 and today I noticed it's selling for $299, a 15% price drop in less than a month! I thought cars depreciate quick ...UPDATE 04/18/2012 - The Live Mode works great! For those hard shots (for example, taking indoor picture with fluorescent lighting and without a flash), you can view the screen and make the adjustment right then and there. You look at what you plan to take, compare it to the SX260 LCD screen and press the shutter button.
camera|I am an experienced amateur photographer and I've owned many cameras over the past 40 years. I've had some photos published but photography has always been strictly a hobby, though a serious one. I shoot with a Canon 7D, Rebel backup, various 'L' lenses, and I also use an Olympus E-P1 occasionally as well as a Canon S90 and Powershot 1100S (kept in my glovebox for 'emergencies'). I enjoy taking pictures.I also enjoy traveling and have traveled around the states as well as visited many foreign countries. I'm sure I echo the frustrations of every photographer out there when I say that choosing which photo equipment to take on a vacation is the most agonizing process in planning a trip.Let me share two experiences--one pleasant, another frustrating. In 2003, I visited New Zealand and took one of Canon's first digital Powershots. It was very small, fit in my pocket, and I could easily whip it out for quick photos. Even though the pictures were not pristine SLR quality, it was easy and fun using that camera and I still enjoy viewing those photos today. I had a pleasant and memorable trip. Second experience: a 10-day tour of China in 2007. I took a DSLR and 3 lenses as well as an HD camcorder, all in the same shoulder bag. It turned out to be total frustration. Instead of being able to enjoy the moment of seeing all that glorious ancient history and the people of China, I was overly concerned with 'getting the shot' -- all the time. Also, HD video was new in those days and I thought I could record the 'trip of a lifetime' with the latest technology. But switching between video and still photography simply added to my frustration. Although I got quite a few good pictures and videos, I did not enjoy that trip as much as I should have because I let my photo-taking desires get in the way of my vacation needs and cultural immersion. As a matter of fact, my wife used a point-and-shoot to get some great candid photos of people and children that totally outshone my efforts.OK, fast forward to 2012. Like so many other photographers out there, when traveling I need a camera that's pocketable but can do everything. Impossible. It doesn't exist. But I remember the lessons learned from the experiences described above. Concessions must be made. With experience, I've learned what is a necessity, and what 'would be nice to have' when traveling. I have concluded that for me, a camera that takes 'very good' pictures, that is small and lightweight, is a NECESSITY. Anything else would be 'nice to have' but is not worth the enormous hassle.I've had the Powershot SX260 HS for about a week now and I think I may have found the camera that will adequately meet my travel needs. I've shot a couple hundred photos and I'm surprised at the results. They are sharp, contrasty, colorful, noiseless, and good enough to use as desktop pictures on my 24-inch monitor without editing. The 20x lens is coupled to a shake-free technology that is very, very good. It's pocketable and has easy to use buttons that are logically placed. Canon has done their homework in finding the right balance between sharpness and noise, as far as I am concerned. Although it doesn't shoot RAW (that's a debate for another time), I am very happy with the JPEGs and I use the included highlight-taming technology built in to the camera and it works very well.What I like:1) Pocketable. Pocketable. Did I say pocketable?2) Turns on quickly to get the shot.3) 20x lens -- 25mm to 500mm. The 25mm shots are corrected internally for distortion and the 500mm shots are sharp thanks to the IS technology.4) Very good noise control -- I haven't tested it at 1600 or 3200 but several other review sites reveal surprising, low noise photos at those ISO levels.5) My copy is very sharp -- no need to sharpen the photos it produces.6) Color accuracy is on par with my Olympus E-P1, which I consider to be the paragon of color accuracy.7) Full manual when desired.8) Takes very good HD video -- though that doesn't interest me so much these days. IS corrects for camera shake in video mode and zooming works well.What I don't like:Nothing yet, though I will update this review if anything comes up.Does this camera take pictures comparable to my 7D? No. My E-P1? Very close. My S90? Superior to the S90 in my view.The 20x zooming feature of this camera can't be overstated -- it's wonderful.So many reviewers nitpick about technical matters. Sure, I could do that with any camera, including this one. But the point is--what need does the camera serve? All I know is this: If this camera had existed at the time, the SX260 would be the camera I would have taken to China.Highly recommended.[UPDATE: Many people have asked me about the so-called 'squeal' in video mode. When ambient sounds are low, the condenser mic (as in all cameras) boosts the gain. Most cameras will then pick up the internal motor/electronic sounds. This camera is no exception. The noise I've noticed is a very subtle high pitched ring similar to tinnitus. Am I surprised? No. It's the same sound I've heard in every video unit I've owned in the past 25 years. Medium to loud sounds will cause the mic to adjust and the tinnitus disappears. Folks, if video is important, buy a dedicated video camera. This is a PHOTO camera that has video capability, which is what I wanted.]
camera|I couldn't decide between these three cameras (and their variants, the Sony HX30 and the Panasonic ZX20) because many of the reviews of each made the cameras sound very similar. So, I went out and bought (from merchants who accepted returns) one of each of these three cameras (I didn't need WI-FI or GPS, so that's how I settled on these less expensive variants). And then I took photos and videos in various conditions. I am not a professional photographer, and I didn't do Imatest or any other specific tests on the images (you can read C/net for that), but this is an experience of a regular person who was taking pictures and videos with these three cameras side by side, which is a comparison that you do not often see.The bottom line is that these three cameras are very similar with a few minor differences, but those differences set them apart and may make you decide that you like one more than the other.Generally speaking, NONE of these cameras is a DSLR replacement. Whomever writes that the pictures are as good as a DSLR is not speaking accurately. Also, none of the cameras is a replacement for a high end camcorder.OUTSIDE PICTURESIf you are taking pictures outside on a sunny day all of these cameras will take very nice pictures for small to medium enlargements (no bigger than 8 x 10). The cameras all produce nice fairly sharp images that would be well suited for that purpose. And, like most people, I don't remember ever enlarging a picture more than 8 x 10, so it is not a common problem.What might be an issue is if you are zoomed in all the way and wanted to crop a photo (which sometimes happens), the differences in the way the cameras' photos look when you "pixel peep" might make a difference. In good light outside, the cameras were close, but the best photos were from the CANON with the SONY and the PANASONIC a close second.INSIDE PICTURES - GOOD LIGHTIf you are inside and you are taking pictures in low light, you will see a different story. Again, at smaller sized prints 4x6, 5x7, most people will see almost no difference between the pictures of the three cameras other than the PANASONIC's colors are a little less vibrant than those in the CANON and the SONY. I am not sure whether those colors are less accurate, they are just a little less vivid.If you pixel peep at these pictures, the CANON's photos are clearly the best with the PANASONIC's being second. The CANON's remain very sharp through a good amount of enlargement while the PANASONIC's, although close, get softer a little faster. The SONY's pictures inside with good light became soft rather quickly and, I'm not sure if this is because the SONY has 18MP on a small chip (as some of the tech reviewers write), but there is a "watercolor" effect where after you enlarge it a little bit, it looks like a Claude Manet painting.INSIDE PICTURES - LOW LIGHTIn poor light, the hierarchy between the cameras remains the same, but there is less of a gap between the CANON and the PANASONIC. It seems as if the CANON takes somewhat worse pictures in low light, and the PANASONIC just doesn't get that much worse. As a result, the gap between these two becomes somewhat closer. The SONY's pictures remain the poorest of the three in low light.VIDEO - OUTSIDE GOOD LIGHTAll three cameras take very nice video outside in good light. If you are editing or nitpicky, you will note that the SONY and the PANASONIC take 60 frames per second, which is somewhat easier to edit, than the 24 frames per second that the CANON records. While you have to look for it, the CANON's outside video does have a couple of instances where it seems to be a tad jerky compared to the SONY and PANASONIC's video. But you really have to look for it and most people won't notice if you don't have another video outside for comparison.While all the outdoor video is close, I would give the edge to the SONY in video, with the PANASONIC second and the CANON third. But they are close for outside video.VIDEO - INSIDETaking video inside is a different story. Inside, the SONY shines and clearly has the best video. The video from this camera is actually good. It is not professional level by any stretch, but it is good solid quite viewable video from a camera that takes still pictures.There is a noticeable difference on indoor video between the SONY and the PANASONIC. This difference was perhaps most noticeable to me because I had both videos from both cameras and watched them over and over again looking for differences. While the difference is noticeable, it is not a tremendous difference. The SONY video is super smooth and seems to get as much out of the light as it can. The PANASONIC video also is smooth and gets a good contrast tone and color out of the available light, but is slightly less smooth than the SONY. The PANASONIC video is still very viewable and looks good, but not as good as the SONY.The CANON will take decent indoor video in good light, but in poor light, it just seems to struggle. The CANON's video had many shadows and dark areas that simply were not present in the SONY and PANASONIC videos. I did not notice any hissing in the CANON video as some of the other reviewers have mentioned. This may be an issue that varies from camera to camera.HANDLING AND SPEEDThis was a fairly subjective comparison between the three cameras as to how they felt in the hand and how quickly the camera did what I wanted it to do because if the camera doesn't take the shot when you want to, it doesn't really matter how sharp the picture or video might be.Based on my experience, the PANASONIC had the best handling of the three. While the PANASONIC and the SONY were both quick to take a picture, for some reason the SONY that I had would take a much longer time (seconds) to record the picture onto the card. This was despite the fact that both cameras had comparable cards with comparable write speeds. Both the SONY and the PANASONIC had rather quick autofocus which also made them seem to react faster. The PANASONIC is noticeably thinner and lighter than the SONY while maintaining a similar full raised rubber grip on the front which made the camera easier to handle. While both the SONY and the PANASONIC were quick, the blazingly fast (by comparison) write speeds on the PANASONIC compared with its almost non-existent shutter lag made this the best handling camera of the three by far.Even though it consistently took the best pictures, the CANON was the worst handling camera. The autofocus often had issues focusing and there was a constant shutter lag while it was searching for its focus. We did miss some shots because the CANON was so slow to react. Also, the CANON is somewhere in weight between the SONY and the PANASONIC, but has the worst grip of the three. That little rubber strip on the front is not as effective a grip as the fuller grip that appears on the SONY and the PANASONIC.With respect to handling, I've read many reviews and each of them seems to state different things about each of the cameras. Many of these reviews seem to indicate that the SONY is a very fast camera, and that might be the case, but the write speed of the 18 MP pictures (which are 50% larger than the CANON's photos and almost the same for the PANASONIC) was so slow, it was distracting and detracted from the experience of using the camera.VERDICT AND CONCLUSIONSNone of these cameras is the best at everything. The CANON has the best pictures, but is slow to focus, somewhat awkward to handle and has the worst video of the three. The SONY handles okay but is heavy and has noticeably slow write speeds, its picture quality varies greatly with the light (and will deteriorate rapidly with any significant cropping) but the SONY has the best video, and it is noticeable.In the end I decided to go with the PANASONIC. While it only was the best in handling, to me that was a significant portion of the photographic experience. It is not DSLR fast (instantaneous), but it is a zippy camera for a superzoom, is light in weight and has a good grip which makes it easier to hold. Also, it does not have a pop-up flash which I found always seemed to come up under my fingers where I was holding the left side camera. As noted above, the PANASONIC's videos were good, perhaps not as good as the SONY, but the PANASONIC was certainly capable of capturing some nice video, even in low light. The photos also were not as good as the CANON's, but they were close and very close in low light. With respect to the vibrancy of the colors, if you set the photo vibrancy on the PANASONIC to "happy" (which I guess is their "vivid") it is less of a noticeable difference. The photos look very nice and certainly are competitive in quality for this type of camera.Hopefully this comparison and these observations will help you decide between these three similar cameras so you can choose the best one for your needs. Good luck.
camera|Canon SX260 HS: I'm happy to say that I was one of the first people to buy this camera. I bought it from one of the sellers on Amazon Marketplace, before it was officially released (it wasn't even available on amazon.com itself when I bought it).It's a good camera & quality clear pictures, with a clear & sharp LCD screen.The camera has the option of changing the aspect ratio for the pictures; you could choose from 16:9, 4:3, 3:2 & 1:1. You could also change the amount of recording pixels from L, M1, M2 & S. In auto mode, it has many predefined scenes. The camera could also be set to various scene modes, including portrait, Smooth skin, smart shutter, High-speed Burst HQ, Handheld night scene, low light, underwater, snow, fireworks, discreet & stitch assist. It does not have the scene modes for Kids & pets, foliage or beach, which other Canon powershot cameras have, but I don't think that would make a big difference, as it takes great pictures anyway. It also has creative filters which I haven't yet used, including fish-eye effect, miniature effect, toy camera effect, soft focus, monochrome, super vivid, poster effect, color accent & color swap. It has the movie digest feature & face ID. It also features continuous shooting.In manual mode, there are many different options, including setting the ISO speed (speeds available: 100, 200, 400, 800, 1600 & 3200), flash output, changing the compression between fine & superfine (superfine is not available in Auto mode, but is available in P mode), white balance (settings available: auto, daylight, cloudy, tungsten, fluorescent, fluorescent H, underwater & custom), my colors (including: vivid, neutral, sepia, B/W, film, lighter & darker skin tone, vivid blue, vivid green, vivid red & custom) & light metering. Manual mode has the option to have the flash forced on (forced flash is not available in auto mode, but is available in P mode). You can also set the shutter speed anywhere between 1/3200 of a second & 15 seconds (with speeds slower than 1.3 seconds, ISO speed is set at 100). Aperture value could be set anywhere between f/3.5 & f/8.0, but it also depends on the zoom position (with maximum zoom, aperture value could be set either at f/6.8 or at f/8.0).There is also a P mode, where various functions can be set. (Many of the options available in manaual mode are available in P mode also, including forced flash). I'm not here to describe every detail of the camera, as there are many more functions available as well (including setting the focus & exposure, plus some more that I haven't yet figured out), but for those that would like to know everything prior to buying the camera, they could go to Canon's website - [...] (find the camera, click on brochures & manuals) & download the complete user guide.Movies: Good quality with very clear sound. Optical zoom could be used for movies (& the sound of the zoom during the movie is extremely faint, not like some of the previous canon powershots). Options available are: Full HD (1920 x 1080, 24 fps), HD (1280 x 720, 30 fps) & VGA (640 x 480, 30 fps). Maximum clip length is approx 30 minutes for Full HD & HD, & approx an hour for VGA (or until the memory card is full). Movie format is .MOV. It also has iFrame (1280 x 720), & super slow motion (640 x 480, 120 fps, or 320 x 240, 240 fps). Please note since the primary function of this camera is for stills (as this is not a camcorder), therefore when you shoot a movie, it uses quite a lot of memory & the files will be very big. On an 8GB memory card: Full HD will be approx 30 minutes, HD - approx 42 minutes & VGA - approx 1 hour & 28 minutes, whereas on a camcorder, for the same amount of memory, the shooting time could be much longer, even in HD. But for shooting small clips here & there, it's very good.Zoom: zoom is very good - 20x zoom. It zooms quickly. Wide angle is 25mm which is very good & for some pictures you might want to zoom in a bit; otherwise it might be a bit too wide. In full maximum zoom, you may want to use a tripod; otherwise it might take some time to focus (but you could get good pictures even without a tripod). I found that in full maximum zoom (indoors), auto mode might not get the right ISO speeds etc. & you might need to use some manual settings, but that shouldn't be a big problem (plus you don't have to always use the full maximum zoom).Playback: It has some cool features for playback, including giving you various transitions between pictures (fade, slide or scroll), or watch them in a slide show on the camera. Erasing pictures is very easy; you do not need to go into the menu to erase pictures. You could also organize pictures in categories, or set-up a photo book. It has red-eye correction in shooting mode & in playback. You can also trim pictures or resize them in playback.Camera body: I find that the camera is very solid; the door for the memory card & battery compartment is sturdy, though the cover for the (AV & HDMI) terminals is flexible. The tripod socket is metal. The feel of the camera is smooth & it has a rubber grip on the front. In the USA, this camera is available in three colors; black, red & green. In other countries it's also available in dark silver; I don't know why this color is not available in the US.GPS: I have not yet used the GPS, so I can't give any info on that. In other countries, Canon also makes the "Powershot SX240 HS". The difference between the SX240 & the SX260 is that the SX240 does not have the GPS feature, whereas the SX260 has the GPS feature. The SX240 HS is not available in the USA.Flash: The flash is a pop-up flash. Some people might think this is not convenient. However it's ok & it's more convenient than the previous model, the SX230 HS. In the SX230, the flash takes up the entire depth of the camera; therefore there's almost nowhere to place your left finger. In this model however, the flash only takes up half the depth of the camera, enabling one to place their left finger behind the flash. The flash does not pop up automatically every time you turn on the camera. It pops up (in Auto-flash) when it determines that it needs to use the flash, or when you set the flash to (forced) on. If your finger is stopping the flash from popping up properly, it might tell you to power-off the camera & then to power-on, in order to be able to pop-up completely. After a while of using the camera, you should get used to the pop-up flash.Software: I have not yet used the software on my computer, so I can't say anything about it. But you can still connect the camera to a computer (via the USB cable) even without installing the software.Included in the box are: The camera SX260 HS, Battery NB-6L, Battery charger CB-2LY, Wrist Strap WS-DC11, USB Interface Cable IFC-400PCU & the Digital Camera Solution CD-ROM.The camera comes with a printed version of the "Getting Started" guide. The complete "User Guide" is to be found on the disk that comes with the camera (together with the software), or it could be downloaded from[...] . If you would like to get product updates from canon, you could register your camera on usa.canon.com .For those who are aware of differences in other Canon models between being made in Japan or in China, the camera that I purchased was made in Japan, & the battery & battery charger were made in China.Memory Card: The memory card of a camera is like the processor of a computer. The faster the memory card, the faster the camera. Canon recommends a "Class 6 or Higher Memory Card". I got the SanDisk Ultra Class 10 Memory Card 16GB Sandisk SDSDU-016G-A11 16GB Ultra SDHC UHS-I Card 30MB/s (Class 10). It's also available in 32GB & 64GB (The 64GB is SDXC, not SDHC). Please note: if your memory card is SDHC or SDXC, make sure you have a card reader that could read those types of cards, as some card readers only read SD cards, but not SDHC & SDXC (or it might not support a certain class speed). (You might be interested in the SanDisk USB 3.0 card reader that I purchased SanDisk ImageMate All-in-One USB 3.0 Flash Memory Card Reader (SDDR289A20)). But even if you don't have such a reader, you can still connect the camera to a computer via the USB cable (even without installing the software).Camera Case: Personally I prefer a case with a flap opening (as opposed to a zipper opening) together with a shoulder strap. The Canon cases do not have a shoulder strap. For my previous model, I had the Lowepro rezo 10. For the size of this camera, the Lowepro cases that were big enough have zipper openings. So I searched for a case. Eventually I came across the Tamrac cases. First I tried the Tamrac 3819 Case, but it was extremely tight. So I got the next size - the Tamrac 3821 Tamrac 3821 Neo's Digital 21 Camera Bag (Black), & it fits perfectly. (It's available in 4 colors; black, red, green & rust). It has a Velcro opening, small pocket (but make sure nothing falls out) a belt loop & an extendable shoulder strap.
camera|I purchased this camera a full month before it was released on Amazon for an upcoming trip to southeast asia. As luck would have it, it arrived the day before my flight took off. I've had good luck with Canon cameras in the past and their picture quality is among the best. The SX260 caught my interest mainly because of the 20x zoom. There are already a couple of reviews going into detail about all of the features so I won't be redundant. Just let me say that there are more features than you will probably use. I will play around with the myriad of shooting modes from time to time, but mostly I will do 99% of my shooting in P mode, tweaking settings as I desire on the fly. I love the GPS feature; I will keep it permanently on so that all of my pics are geo-tagged. The Canon imagebrowser software that comes with the camera will show you the exact location on Google earth where the pic was taken. Pretty cool! I used the movie digest feature during my trip and like it very much. The camera will record three second snippets of video before each pic is taken then stitch them all together into one video. Again, pretty cool! The battery life was a major complaint on the previous model SX230. I did not have any battery life issues with this camera, but then again, I only take about 50 to 60 pictures in a day. I spent several days exploring the Khmer temples in Cambodia, taking my 50 to 60 pictures and at the end of the day the battery level indicator was at half. If you take a lot of pics then you may want an extra battery. With my shooting style, the battery life is fine. The picture quality is excellent. The somewhat slow lens gave me a little pause when I was making a purchasing decision, but it turns out that the CMOS sensor coupled with the HS system more than makes up for it. Turns out this camera is the best low-light performer I have had. I love the zoom. 20x optical plus 4x digital means a full 80x. I took a lot of pics at 80x during my trip and was pleased with the results. Even at 80x, the image stabilization was able to give me a clear pic in full sunlight. I found that I needed to steady myself in lower light to get a clear shot which is to be expected. The camera feels sturdy and has a nice "heft" for its size. I did drop it twice onto solid concrete (not like me at all) during my trip with no ill effects, thank God. So I guess it is solidly built inside as well. My only gripe with this camera is the very annoying location of the flash. It pops up where you naturally want to put your finger. Many times, my finger was in the way when it tried to pop up and it "jammed" causing an error message that said to turn the camera off and then back on. That always corrected it but I was afraid I would eventually cause it to break. I considered downgrading the rating to four stars because of this but eventually I trained myself to place my finger behind where the flash pops up and no longer do I have any issues with this.
camera|This is the best camera you can buy at this price. I feel like i wasted money buying my SLR camera because I rarely take it out because it's so big, heavy, awkward, and even embarrassing. Please go to a huge retail store and play with this camera and compare it to all others, you'll see it's the best camera out now based on specs, design and performance. I also have a nikon s9100 which is slightly inferior to this camera in both design (accidentally turns on all the time) and performance(and we all know its either canon or nikon for best photos). Please read the cnet reviews and and any other reviews on this camera. Compact megazooms are taking over. Any review you read will be comparing this camera's performance to a thousand dollar SLR set up. I print flawless 8x10 pictures with this camera. Save your money and buy this camera because the best camera is the one you have on you. Who wants to carry around a backpack when this canon fits in any shirt pocket and gives you excellent photos with excellent manual controls and an excellent auto mode. Go play with it at the store, and than buy it on amazon where you know its cheaper. Probably the best point and shoot of the year.
camera|As many other reviewers, even folks who typically prefer SLRs, have said, sometimes it's just more convenient and spontaneous to use a point and shoot than a full-blown SLR. You just pull it out of your pocket or bag and go. I bought this camera to replace a Canon PowerShot SX210 IS which I bought a couple of years ago and was never really happy with. It took fairly good pictures, but somehow was not that fun to use. The SX 260 was the perfect replacement. It's basically an update of the older model, but in my opinion, is a vast improvement. The pictures look much better to me, and I rarely use anything but the Auto modes and presets. The combination of 20x zoom and great image stabilization get fantastic shots. We were recently in New Orleans for JazzFest and took a lot of pictures far from the stage, zoomed in to a single performer and I was shocked by how good the images were. It was daylight, so take that into consideration. It also is very quick to be ready to take multiple shots without waiting a long time. The wide angle shots also look better to me, as the SX210 seem to blur those shots considerably at the edges. I mostly use presets for certain conditions, like low-light shots, as opposed to effects, but they all seem to work well if you're into that. The video looks ok, but we don't shoot much. My wife and I typically take hundreds of pictures when we go on trips and have been since the days of film. We never bothered with a film SLR either, but when we look at shots from the film point and shoot days, there is no comparison. Digital wins hands-down, especially on this camera. Often many of the shots we take are multiples of the same scene to make sure we get at least one good one. (We sure didn't do THAT in the film days!) With this camera, we usually have more than one good one from a single series and it's even harder to decide on a keeper. If you are looking for a great quality replacement or improvement from your current digital point and shoot, or an alternative to your SLR, this camera deserves your attention. After around half a dozen digital point and shoots over the years, I feel like I finally found one that measures up.
camera|We just returned from a trip overseas and brought both the S95 and the SX260. We have owned the S95 for the past 2 years and really liked the camera but we wanted to get another camera as a backup and also to get one with a higher optical zoom. We tested both cameras in multiple situations on the trip and came to the conclusion that the S95 takes better night shots but the SX260 takes better shots in the day and the 20X optical zoom is extremely useful. The S95 allows you to go full manual but the SX260 gives you many options to play with your photo taking. Overall, if I could only take one camera I would take the SX260 because the optical zoom and picture quality is great. The night photos were pretty good too but not as good as the S95 (obviously if you are planning on taking more night shots, then the S95/100 would probably be better for you). On a side note, the GPS on the SX260 sucks battery life very quickly and the camera has a difficult time finding the GPS signal (we left it off for most of the trip)
camera|I am revising my review because I just returned the camera to Canon. On reviewing the videos taken in quiet rooms, I found that I had clicks and whirs. Perhaps it is something about the autofocus mechanism but a properly designed microphone shouldn't be picking up internal sounds.The quality of the video, apart from the sound, is excellent. The camera's performance indoors in situations like museums and restaurants is great. The AWB is not as good as the one on the Nikon S8100 (but the lens mechanism seems to be better than Nikon's, which failed). The zoom and image stabilization are fantastic for both video and stills. I am hoping that Canon gives corrects the problem because as a travel camera, having this much zoom and quality of video in a pocket-size package is great. If they can fix the sound problem, I'll change the review back to the 5 star I first gave it.Here's the rest of original review:I just got the camera yesterday so I haven't gone anywhere. How can I say it's a great travel camera? Last summer I traveled for 30 days in China, carrying a backpack, roller bag, and a ScottEVest. As much as I would love to take an SLR, the weight of the camera and lenses I would need, plus being alone with a prominent camera, make taking an SLR impractical and unwise. I was very happy with the NIkon S8100, but I went through two of them (scratched lens on the first; "lens error" on the second. After reading other's experiences trying to get Nikon, I decided to come back to Canon. I looked the Sony travel zooms too and they looked like excellent choices, but I have had good luck with Canon.While I had glanced at the manual online, once the camera arrived, I wanted to start shooting right away. I didn't wait to give the battery a full charge. The controls are fairly intuitive (finding the scene modes takes a bit of practice). The Auto and Easy focus modes work great (I need to read up on the difference; apparently you can easily change settings in the Easy mode, but I have only turned off the flash.). Reviews of the SX230 had complained about the flash automatically popping up and the position. When you are out of the Easy mode, the flash stays down even after you turn it off. In the Easy mode, it pops up after you turn it off if it needs light.The default for the GPS is apparently off when it comes out of the box. When I found I had no GPS data (there's map software that uses Google Maps), I turned it on and took more pictures outside. The SX230 reviews had complained that the camera often wouldn't shoot if it didn't have a GPS fix. I didn't experience that, but I also have an acre and clear shot of the sky. When I checked the track log in the software, I found that at the closest zoom level I had a track that showed all of my wanderings around my yard. iPhoto picked up the location data without any problem. Pictures in Picasa showed the precise location but the default setting hides the location so you don't have to worry about your privacy if you wish to hide it. With the proper setting in Flickr, you get a nice map of the locations in your uploads with precise locations you never even heard of. iy home shows up with the name of the subdivision plot. The only other place I have seen that is on my property deed and the county assessor maps.. I have both a Mac and a PC; there are versions of the software for both. However, I probably won't be using it since I use Lightroom and iPhoto. Both the Mac and the PC had no problem recognizing the camera and transferring the pictures.I tried a few of the scene and effect modes and they seem to work fine. The Supervivid gave a very impressive brightly colored picture of my neighbor's field and horses (see my uploaded images). The "fisheye" worked as expected. I shot some "Very Low Light" pictures and the camera worked well even though I didn't use a tripod; however, the version that showed up when I tried to upload it to the Amazon gallery didn't show a tree caught in the moonlight. I guess that was because of the compression.The video mode works fine and is accessible with a red record button so you don't have to dial up the video setting which is on the dial. The microphone is very sensitive. I could hear the cars passing on the street 150 yards away (we don't have any buildings between the road and us that dampens the sound). HOWEVER, you can also hear the zoom motor sometimes so if you are going to make video, it would be best to shoot, stop the shot, zoom in or out, and then shoot again. You can see some of the video in my Flickr photostream; I am eslbruce. Of course, when you zoom at the extreme ranges, you do get camera jerking and moving when you are just holding the camera with your hands.I have ordered three extra aftermarket batteries and a charger for my travels. I expect the GPS to drain the battery; hopefully , four batteries will do the trick. In an unusual setting like the Forbidden City or Summer Palace in Beijing, I can easily shoot over 1000 pictures in a day. One review said they got 300 shots from the camera using flash half the time; I am not sure they had the GPS on though.The choices of size of pictures leap from 12mpxl to 6 mpxl for medium. I would prefer 8, but 6 mpxl would still be plenty large enough for a 5x8. The camera comes with no SD card; I ordered four of the AmazonBasic Type 6 SD cards for less than $9 each. It handles the HD video fine with no stuttering or buffer overrun.This review is after less than 24 hours. If something comes up and I decide that the camera has problems and is less than five stars, I will come back and revisit it.
camera|After reading many reviews about the video, I originally thought my video sound was okay when I got my new SX260 until I compared it to my SX230. I shot a quick video with both using the same SD card. There is definitely a sound difference. My SX230 sound is totally clear. On the SX260 it's not a squeal like the other posts, but an evident equipment hiss during playback. I'm going to try another SX260 and compare. I don't mind a subtle sound as long as it does not cover up my video subject sounds.UPDATE:The second SX260 DID have the so-called "squeal." Again, my first one only had a hiss (kind of like air), but not the squeal. The second SX260 had the squeal for certain. I can see how others are annoyed by the squeal. I know this is a camera and not a camcorder, however there are those precious moments that need to be shot by video from time to time. My decision will be to keep the hissing SX260 or my quiet SX230. The squealing SX260 is going back.UPDATE II (5/17/12):After trying 4 of these cameras, I found one that did not squeal! It was worth the extra time and effort as I truly enjoy this camera and will give my SX230 to my daughter now. I find myself using my SX260 more than my S100 and my SX40. I also have two DSLR's that I use when I need exceptional quality, but for ease of use, the SX260 takes the cake!!
camera|works well and pretty much as the other assessments rated it. Taken some great photos and I am very happy with the product.
camera|another good Canon camera I have 4 different Canons and all are good. This is a bit heavy but again worth the weight for the zoom and ease of use. As all the reviews noted this is an excellent camera.
camera|wow. the technology has greatly improved. the zoom on this camera is amazing and the picture quality is exceptional. We were working with &#34;old&#34; digital cameras... I guess it's like computers this one blew me away... worth every penny.
camera|Bought this over the 16 M pixel whose reviews were not that good. I made the wise choice. Pictures are very good quality. And after years of owning Kodak cameras (two of the last chewed through batteries every 5 or so pictures) I am glad I now have a camera that can take quite a few pictures before needing a battery charge!Very happy with this camere!
camera|This is a great camera and takes awesome pictures. I am not camera savvy but this camera is easy to use. However, the downloading to my PC is not as easy and still trying to figure that out.
camera|Absolutely love this digital camera. Easy to use. Like the zoom. Pictures are lovely. Video quality is nice. Audio is good. Great purchase.
camera|Great simple camera with a great variety of features. Simple, fairly easy to use and has excellent zoom capability for a small camera
camera|The shooting result is like the review: [...]Nice options in AP TP, tune, darkness,Quick shots to freeze waterQuick vidieo to make slow motionWorth the Price
camera|Crisp pictures and a nice stable zoom. Controls are intuitive and the camera body is easy to handle - great size for pocket photography.
camera|The reviews I read before purchasing this camera were really good and it has lived up to them. I love the fact that it takes pictures quick, little delay allowing you to get the shot you want. Very easy to use and picture quality is outstanding. If you want a point and shoot camera, this would be a great choice.
camera|the sx260 is an impressive camera. The only thing keeping me from rating it higher is the lack of a proper grip.
camera|Just got the camera (for myself) over the holidays so plan to take it out and test what it really can do. I wanted a light camera and while this is not the lightest of those now on the market, it can be placed in a pocket with no difficulty. I had read that it took good pictures in low light situations, without a flash, my preference, and it does. It also takes great closeups with good details. The button and dials are fairly simple to see and use, and review of the previous shot easy to pull up. I was not thrilled that the battery has to be placed on a charger since I am afraid that the charger wlll get misplaced or won't be available when I need it. I'll just have to train myself to check the battery status before I go on a photo jaunt. It has a major zoom range but I find I hardly ever use it for long distances. Again, have to take a test run.
camera|This camera takes very good pictures (both near and far). The reason I gave it only 4 stars is the battery doesn't seem to last very long. If you buy this camera, you will need at least 1 extra battery. Other than that, so far it has been a great camera.
camera|A great camera, takes really nice photos, and is loaded with features, some of which I love, and others I'll probably never use.Add a touchscreen onto this camera and it will become the perfect camera of the future. For now, it's just plain great
camera|I am happy with canon. The best part is the low light shooting. The zoom is good also.I think the fit and finish is better than the zs 20 The only setback is the placement of the flash it is in the way of your left hand
camera|This camera has all the features I need for my travel pictures. It is easy to use and does not require much education to understand..
camera|I am using the camera and i can say that the pciture quality is just great . It is so easy to use and if you do the right setting you can click really nice pics with it . Anshu
camera|For the most part my wife likes this new camera.The picture's quality is excellent, same for the video.But, the flash sometimes pops up when you are in the middle of trying to take a picture and is distracting ...Also seems a slow to auto focus and allow second shot
camera|I purchased this as a replacement pocket camera for photo ops with the grand kids.The camera takes great pictures without the flash. I like the 12 MP and the 20x zoom. The camera has a good, quality feel to it. For my needs it is perfect.Good value. Arrived on time.
camera|Its a great camera, at least for my purposes. I love taking close up shots (especially of nature)so the zoom is perfect. One problem is that when you zoom in, you must hold your breath so that the picture does not come out blurry. The shutter speed is extremely fast. So you usually end up with the picture you wanted plus an extra shot, maybe of the grass that was surrounding that deer. But otherwise with a little more practice I'm sure this camera will be perfect......
camera|Every few years we seem to buy and replace our prior digital camera...they either stop working or as the last one (Sony), it developed a black spot in the middle of the lense and it would have cost just about as much as a new camera to get it fixed. As usual we received it quickly from Amazon (Prime is great). The camera works well...filled with features that my wife is enjoying exploring. Since she is the photographer (I am point and shoot...she is &#34;lets be creative&#34;), she likes the clarity of the pictures, she loves the small size (she says the weight of the camera is right...but it is heavier than our last camera). All in all...it has been a good buy.
camera|very good photo quality, with wide and long range, nice and compact.much cheaper than buying a telephoto lens for an SLR
camera|This camera is Great for taking Pictures outside! This is the First Canon Camera I've owed since my Canon AE-1 and my Canon T-50, both were great camera's! I Like the Smaller SX260HS Much better, because its lighter than my older cameras! I am Not a Professional Picture Taker, I Just Enjoy taking Pictures for my from to Northern California from were I was born there!I also love taking Pictures of Oregon Now were I live. There are many beautiful Places in the USA to Visit. I am Still Learning how to use my newer SX260HS right now.Take Care Everyone!~Kristi
camera|I am by NOOO means a professional photographer. I am a scrapbooker, and like to take pictures simply, without 100 lenses, filters, ISO adjustments, and other complicated stuff. The modes on this camera are AMAZING. The face smoothing feature is great (makes me look like a model-oh yeah!), the color swapping is awesome, the zoom works great, and the red is actually really pink, which I like better. This is the BEST camera for easy users who don't want to spend their trips adjusting and fiddling with lenses.
camera|This camera gives you the professional feel with the great pics it takes, and best of all the GPS feature adds history to it.
camera|I wanted a camera that was lighter and easier to carry than my Canon EOS Rebel. While I love my Rebel, I wanted something small to carry for a trip to Disney World. This PowerShot is the BOMB! Easy to use, and the the 20x zoom was amazing.I need to play a bit with the GPS, since that is the only option I am not 100% sure how it really works (and, of course, I will try to figure it out without reading any of the directions.) Love, love, love the PowerShot!!
camera|This camera is excellent in capturing good qulity images and also takes high quality video (thiugh not sure it would be really Full HD in the low light but in daylight it's almost close to perfect HD).Only problem I faced regarding the position of the flash - its kinda awkward !! Definitely a good camera I would reommend!!
camera|takes GREAT shots, many settings, nice big screen, easy to use...i just wish i would remember to keep my finger off of the flash that pops up when it needs to. have a little trouble uploading my photos from the computer to facebook though. not sure if i'm doing something wrong or if it is the software. i would definitely recommend this camera to anyone that asks.
camera|Just what we wanted. Good pics for reasonable price. Easy to use. Canon cameras are my favorite. have bought several.
camera|Pro; Excellent photosThe zoom is incredible.Cons; A bit heavyMust learn to hold differently due to GPS and pop-up flashPrint out the manual, it needs to be studied
camera|Great camera! Lightweight, attractive, excellent auto features but still able to manually change settings. And the pictures are usually clear even when my hands shake significantly.
camera|I've always like canon, so when I order this one to replace my old canon I was excited,downside of this camera has low performance of battery drained that fast. The I hate the software that come with it. After installing ImageBrowser Ex I cxant even opened it because it has a conflict the Microsoft silverlight. When I called canon help desk they said they been having a lot of problem with this and they are trying to fixed it.Oh and if you are using windows it and trying to installed this you have to go to canon website to get that version.Aside from that everything else was good.
camera|Liked everything about this cam. Works great and performs great.I have an Nikon DSLR, compared to the DSLR, it performs good for the price range.
camera|Love my new camera, has almost every function a DSLR does. Have yet to find anything I need that it can't do
camera|Camera came quickly, works wonderfully! Clear, concise pictures. Great resolution, lots of different options for photos. Worth the $$. Not too bulky.
camera|Bought this as a gift for my partner and though it has an amazing zoom, good quality and size/weight - the pop-up flash feature is annoying as the flash is located directly where most people place their index finger.
camera|The range of conditions the camera will handle is great. Being shock resistant is a big plus. I accidentally dropped it about 3 feet to a wood floor. You can imagine my horrified reaction, but there was no apparent damage and it worked fine.The only things I wish they would change for future renditions of this model would be to allow exposure compensation for high speed video, that is greater than 30 frames per sec. and offer a mode for time lapse photography.
camera|It's a great size and weight that makes it easy to use. The camera has more capabilities than i'll probably ever need and many that will come in very handy.
camera|Honestly I was lookin for a Nikon camera. But with lower cost, Canon is the best camera you could get in the market. Picture clarity is it's best quality & it has an excellent zooming capacity.Best value for money I spent.
camera|I purchased this for my wife for Christmas, and she loves it. She can take her pictures and even movies, and they come out fine. With her lack of knowledge about photography, it fits the bill perfectly. Thanks Canon.
camera|It has almost all the features of a SLR camera, but is small enough to fit in your pocket. Picture quality is excellent.
camera|Great camera. Fantastic zoom for this size camera. Takes very clear photos and is easy to use. Great battery life. Quick shipping from Amazon. Very pleased with my purchase.
camera|I just got the camera a few days ago and my initial impressions are very positive. I bought this camera to replace my older Olympus 550uz or 7.1mp and 16x zoom. I wanted a more compact camera that fit in my pocket for travel while still being able to accomplish the same things as my old camera.I have tested it out and the pictures look as good as indicated in many other reviews. However, I do not yet know if my video will have the noise problem some others have encountered. Looking at video from the camera viewfinder and listening through the camera speakers have only indicated some light backround noice, but nothing that seemed offensive to me.This camera also gives the user quite a bit of freedom to set their own speed, aperature or full manual mode as well as fully automatic. This is a major reason I chose this camera. One feature I liked on my old camera was the SCN mode that I used frequently when shooting through glass or on a bus. Although this is not part of the SCN function on this Canon, the camera is smart enough in to take a great picture through glass in AUTO mode.I have learned that it is necessary to read the manual and understand how a camera works and what it can do before evaluating the camera itself. I have seen many reviews mentioning blurry pictures. I originally had this problem with my old camera and had to learn how to use the auto-focus mode. Once I did, I now get clear pictures. Using this technique, which involves letting the camera get the exposure correct with a 1/2 button depress followed by a quick full press once set allows for the best pictures. When objects are in motion, I always go to fast exposure in Tv mode with 1/1000 setting or faster, depending on lighting. The face recognition function also looks quite useful.I have not yet tried all functions, but most seem like my old camera, and that makes me satisfied with the purchase. One thing I especially like is the slow-motion picture mode in video that lets you shoot video with over 200 frames/sec and plays them back at normal speed to allow for the slow-motion effect.Lastly, the handling of the camera is nice and it feels well build (not cheap) when holding it. The flash is in an awkward spot but I have learned to work around it and don't take many flash pictures anyway.For any new users that worry about fast battery use, I have learned to turn my camera off when not in use and then back on when I plan to use it. Leaving a digital camera on indefinately will use up your batteries pretty quickly.
camera|Hi,I've seen the reviews for Sony, etc. which are better at this or that but this is the best looking, roundedcorners, slimmest & made of METAL (love that solid feel, hate plastic). Yes, sounds like a superficial reviewbut looks count! I bought this nice red/black lanyard on Oakley where you just attach it to the wrist strap andwrap the lanyard around your neck in case the camera slips out of your shirt pocket. Slide one of those largesunglass micro bags over it to protect the lense (put it into your left carhartt t-shirt pocket & your goodto go). It leaves to soo much more comfort & safety when shooting in different or tough locations having bothof your hands free! The SX260 with it's 20x optical (digital 80x) & full HD, gps, etc. is a lot of fun insteadof those TOO serious types carrying around luggage bags for multiple lenses & those DSLR cameras, heck no!Another thing, don't throw away the instruction disk (actually has a small MOV editor). I made a vid for 19minwhich is over the 15min Youtube limit. I tried to find any simple video editor (although, they all promise toconvert but they don't!). It seems the Quicktime/Apple MOV is a very complicated format, not an easy conversion!Yet, this little editor can cut the MOV format; although the conversion takes FOREVER but my shorter vid is onYoutube! Just a little helpful reminder?Oh, forgot to mention, you can't really edit the movie. Look to the right of the screen under the Histogram,there's a small scissors & click-on it. You can cut but not edit, so load to Youtube save as a MP4 & use yourfavorite editor to improve it!
camera|Best camera I've ever owned. I just popped in the battery and SD card a few minutes ago, and started clicking photos of my dachshund running all over the yard. I've never caught such great pictures before. LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT!
camera|I haven't gotten to use it much yet but what I have seen it seems to be a good camera.
camera|I bought this point and shoot camera because I wanted a smaller lighter weight camera to take on vacation. I love this camera. It was so easy to take great shots that came out crisp and colorful. The one touch video feature was perfect. The sound quality gets an A in my book. Also the 20X zoom was wonderful. I didn't need binoculars when I had this camera in my pocket. It's small but powerful.
camera|Takes excellent pictures at concerts. Good video as well. Feels solid and survived some heavy duty drops. Pretty good battery life.
camera|I've owned this camera for three days and put it to use at a fancy reception on Day 1. GREAT portraits and party ambiance has been captured - along with sunset photos and night skyline shots from the 26th floor overlooking the bay. I took hundreds of photos with flash and the battery lasted beyond the evening. I've also taken it out on a hike and photographed little birdies and water and clouds and flowers and mountains and all of them look stunning with minimal editing!I am in awe with the mega zoom, great colors and how quickly it starts up and takes the picture. Aside from preset modes, this camera also allows for a lot of manual handling to change settings as needed! I have only a few more settings to explore and I have not found a thing yet that I don't like. (I upgraded to this camera from a Nikon Coolpix)I named her Karla. :)Enjoy!
camera|I got this to be able to capture my toddler in motion and it is fantastic. It focuses and takes the pictures quickly, allowing you to capture the perfect shots. I know very little about cameras, but the pictures turn out perfect. It is fully automated for someone like me, but has manual features for someone who would know what they were doing. I wish I would have gotten one sooner. I haven't had it long (3 weeks?), but I think I've taken more pictures than I have in the last year with my old one. It's a keeper!
camera|A lot of features for a relatively inexpensive camera. It takes some time to learn to use it. great bargain.
camera|turns on fast. takes great pictures. lot of options. zoom is incredible(need tripod if you shake any on full zoom). I would recomend to family and friends.
camera|It is a very good machine. One of the best i ever have. The GPS is a kind of plus. The quality of the picture is wonderful and the 20 X zoom awesome. Hundred porcent i wll recomend
camera|This is a great little camera. When you throw in the Amazon pricing, it is even better. The picture quality is outstanding. The zoom feature is very effective at bringing distance objects closer. Combined with the image stabilization, the zoom is great. I've only had the camera for a few weeks, but know it is superior to the other point and shoot cameras used by others in my family. I also appreciate how intuitive the controls are. I highly recommend it.
camera|I would definately recommend this camera. Loaded with plenty of features and excellent picture quality (even in lower light, thanks to back-lit CMOS sensor). HD-Movie quality actually surpasses my ditgital camcorder. This camera is a lot smaller than our old one and it took a little bit to get used to holding it correctly without interfering with the camera's automatic flash. LCD screen is large and easy to see. This camera is very convenient to cary everywhere and takes great pictures.
camera|Small, slim but packs a lot of features, for taking pictures on the go....this is the camera. Takes pictures in a snap, no lag. Pics come out crystal clear and I can fit it in my small bag.
camera|I take pictures of family and wildlife and this little camera is perfect. The 20x optical zoom lets me catch the animals outside our back door and still takes beautiful indoor pictures. The only con is the location of the flash, but I've gotten used to that and take most of my pictures without flash anyway. There are lots of features that I don't even know about yet, but that just makes it even more interesting. I would recommend this camera to anyone wanting a powerful camera that is small enough to carry with you anywhere.
camera|Wow, This is a terrific little camera. It fits into a change purse for protection, I don't need a big case hanging around my neck. The zoom is great when we are at concerts. The picture is clear, and it's easy to use, not complicated at all.I love it!!!Kathy
camera|Great camera. Great zoom lense. Sturdy construction. Worth what I paid on Amazon. Would buy again if needed a new camera.
camera|So far so good...taken lots of photos inside and out...great camera for point and shoot on the go folks who don't have a clue what an ISO is.
camera|I am the biggest fan of the Powershot cannon's..This camera has met my goa;s and needs far beyond my expectations. I give it a 5 star for everything it has to offer on a small camera/Great pictures!!!!
camera|So far this Camera is taking great pictures that will add hours of memories as the children grow up. It fits in a pocketbook and is always available for that special moment.
camera|I really love this camera. It is so small but does big things in taking pictures. I would reccomend it to all.
camera|Love that it has a rechargeable battery.Takes great pictures also.Nice and compact for keeping in pocket.It is always fast to get to and snap a picture
camera|I bought this camera to replace my sx230hs this camera is what the 230 should of been, no wireframe firmware problem with the flash popping up on start up no slow zoom it just works. Also never buy from best buy bh photo you get quality I can beat my chest about how long I've been a photographer but I've found buying from bh I never had a problem also this camera is not for the amateur photographer you will find this camera complex and hard to you use, buy a lower series camera. I bought this camera for the features and you can't beat 20x optical zoom. The only thing I wish was different was the feel of the buttons my sx230 had raised buttons where the sx260 the buttons seem more into the body of the camera. But this does help with keeping the camera smoother and easier to slide in and out of pockets as a good travel should be able to do. One last thing make sure the GPS logger is off and buy a second battery due to the large zoom it does eat battery's quicker than a typical point and shoot should. Also get yourself a class 10 name brand sd card to truly see the speed of the camera when I'm in program mode I endup taking 3 pictures by time everyone else has taken just one which is nice.
camera|I have a good DSLR camera, but I wanted something I could stick in my pocket and use quickly. After doing a lot of research, I bought this camera because it looked like it gave me the most features for the least amount of money. I'm very happy I went with this option. It's so easy to use that I didn't need to crack open the manual at all. I may have to read it to figure out the stitch assist mode, but otherwise, it's pretty straight forward.Two things really stand out with this camera. First, the lens is very big for such a small camera, and the zoom is amazing. Second, it takes the best low light photos I've ever seen. I'm guessing the image stabilizer helps with that.It has its limitations, but so far, I'm in love with it. I also like the color I bought. I got the Red camera, but don't let the name fool you. It it most certainly pink or perhaps magenta.
camera|This thing takes seriously awesome pictures. The best camera I have ever owned by far. Small, compact, but with an awesome zoom. Highly recommended.
camera|I got mine a couple of weeks ago, and it is does all I would want in a P&S camera. These cameras have really come a long way since my PowerShot A630 back in 2007.
camera|This is a really good camera. I love how detailed the pictures are just from the auto function for beginner users. but then you also have the manual options for advanced users. Manual shutter speed, iso, colors, pretty much anything you cand think of and/or would need for pictures. You can even adjust the flash brightness.
camera|I use a DSLR a lot. I wanted a small camera with GPS capability. This preforms very well with GPS.Also takes better photos than I expected.
camera|Because it's the best camera I have had so far - excellent picture quality even in low light condition etc etc.
camera|I recently owned a Canon an loved it . but this camera takes clear and great photos. the 20 zoom is great . my other canon . 12 zoom . love this camera . only complaint is the flash . but with the way this camera takes photos . Will lib with . I recommend . Photos are clear. Really takes good photos
camera|I bought this SX260 for my daughter for Christmas, she loves it. It takes great pictures, the pictures are really clear and sharp, she hasn't had to use the flash yet, because this camera takes the best low light pictures I've ever seen. I bought this camera because consumer reports gave it such a high rating, I figured I couldn't go wrong and I didn't. The 20X zoom works great, my old A560 power shot has a 4X zoom and I thought that was something at the time, the A560 takes good pictures to but nothing like this SX260, all I can say is wow !! The rechargeable battery lasts a long time and she can take plenty of picture's, unlike some cameras that run on regular AA batteries which seem to drain right out even when your not using the camera. So I cant say enough good things about this camera, My daughter loves the fact that its so easy to use and her pictures come out Great, it makes her look like she knows what she doing. And she finally gave me back my camera, because it doesn't take good pictures any more. :)
camera|I always liked canon cameras, had a sony and many times the lens cover did not open. this ones is the best in compact size.
camera|we already own an EOS Rebel Canon for superior photography but this is a pocket camera that you don't notice nor 'feel' all day long and takes good snapshots..in fact, better than I anticipated..Wife is teacher who is always counted on to take photos at special events [field trips for instance.] She loves it more than me..
camera|The camera itself is excellent, the problem I had was with the seller. The ad stated, when you purchase this camera you also get a free memory card, which was a lie. Christmas morning my significant other opened the camera and could not use it as there was no card and the seller after numerous attempts refused to forward us a card. I explained I could not find any promo code, as I said, the ad stated, comes free with camera. This has put a bad light on Amazon and Aodrama.
camera|Bought this camera days before leaving for our first transatlantic cruise from Rome, Italy. My husband's video camera didn't work from the very first day to his disappointment so I ended up taking over 700 pictures. The 20X optical zoom was wonderful and all the pictures turned out great. Hubby is a bird watcher and I had to take some pictures of different birds at a distance for him, the zoom helped and the pictures turned out great. Recommend this camera.
camera|This camera is excellent. I got it for my wife and she is very pleased. The pictures it takes are crystal clear even in low light.
camera|Bought this for my wife to replace a sony camera we never seemed to get crisp photos from. What an improvement! What a zoom! Its amazing, I was able to zoom out my back yard, and take a photo of a house number plate across the could-e-sac (about 150yds) behind me, looked as if I was standing on that persons driveway.
camera|This is one heck of wonderful camera. The only issue i see is, the flash in the wrong place. We keep our hand in the place where the flash is, to hold the camera and it pops up.....first time i used this camera i almost dropped it, because the flash was popping up. I took one star for that.We really need second battery!
camera|Its small yet has very high resoluton . ai take it fish and hiking with me and of coarse visiting grand children without having a big bag to lug around
camera|great point and shoot - superb picture quality inside and outside, sun and rain, night or dawn - great video!!!
camera|I received this as a very unexpected Christmas present. Rouge color is quite cute too. I'm still in the learning process of this camera since there are so many more features on it than my last Sony point and shoot camera. I also purchased an EyeFi card for it and it seamlessly sends my photos to computer wirelessly. How cool is that?This is the only point and shoot camera that I know of it 20X zoom. You can also have the camera use presets or you can make it totally programmable by the touch of a button.GET it -- you won't be disappointed.
camera|I have been searching for a camera for years that shoots well at dusk and night time and this camera definitely does just that! It has a lot of cool filters and features. I also love that it has an independent movie button, so you don't have to search for the movie mode to shoot. It also has a slow motion movie mode which is really cool as well! A lot of reviewers complain about the battery life, but is better than I thought it would be. Lasts a few hours of continuous shooting, however, I did purchase a secondary battery to switch out and I have had to use it on several occasions of all day shooting.The cons of using this camera though is that is does not like shooting things in action unless you are familiar with setting up correct manual settings. The other issue is the pop up flash - until you get used to this feature, it can sort of be a pain.
camera|bought it for $199 and it seems to be a very easy to use camera with high quality - signed up for the credit card and applied the $50 discount right to the camera, and now I have an amazon credit card
camera|I love the camera. It is easy to use, packed with features. MY wife loves it too and she hates tech.
camera|Nice camera, works great. Slightly larger than expected. A little concerned with the mode selector dial and it's potential for getting damaged. As it sits a little up and out from the camers back.
camera|I love traveling and now I can take quite good pictures with it during my recent vocation. It takes much better pictures than iPhone or the basic canon. I will not compare it with DLR, because I think DLR is too complicated and heavy for my simple purpose--taking nice pictures during traveling and everyday life easily.If you want to buy it, I recommend you buying an additional battery. In this way, you don't need to worry about the battery thing anymore.Something I bought together with this: (this is not advertisement, just for your convenience or comparison)1.case http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003F7DWH8/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_52.additional battery. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004EYSNBG/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_33.memory card http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B007M54E08/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_6I am happy with all of these items!
camera|I think this camera takes great pics, and I like all the extra settings that it has (The color accent setting is my favorite). It has a little weight to it but its very small, I carry it in my pocket. Super happy with it so far
camera|My initial impression is very good. I have been taking christmas photos and other things and aam quite favorably pleased. However, I am a Master Gardener and bought this camera so I could have a smaller camera with me at all times to record things of interest to my Master Gardening. It is winter In NJ and I won't get to see if the canmers meets my expectations for a few months. I have no reason to suspect that it won't pass with fluing colors
camera|After trying a similar Panasonic and Nikon, the third time with this Canon was the charm. Really nice feature set, incredible pictures in good light (exceptional outdoors), reasonable 'pocket to picture' time. BUT, I am finding it a little slow and finicky indoors in situations where the flash is needed. Takes a few extra seconds to adjust focus for the flash I guess, which can mean the difference between a good and bad picture when the subject is little kids like ours. All of my previous Canons were made in Japan, this one is made in China. Sign of the times, I guess, but pretty disappointing. I'd rather pay an extra $50 for quality for something as important as a family camera.
camera|I have used this camera on our trip to Europe last summer and the pictures came out amazing. My favorite features of this camera are the super long zoom lens, how motion pictures look, and the great presets it has built in.
camera|Endless hours on the computer, comparing different makes and models, resulted in this purchase. Pleased with the camera--except it has a slow recovery between pictures.
camera|I wanted a camera that was hassle free and took great pictures. It is compact but still small enough to carry easily in a purse. I took this on vacation in the BVI and my pictures are gorgeous.
camera|Cannon hit the sweet spot with this camera. I bought it as a gift for my wife and she's very happy with it. The auto or &#34;easy&#34; setting does a good job making bad pictures look better and the manual setting is easy to use if you need to make adjustments to ISO or f-stop settings. I would highly recommend this camera to anyone.
camera|Great little Camera, easy to use with a great zoom and excellent image quality. My only concern has to be with battery life, but I guess that is something that can be dealt with.
camera|Camera is very impressive,Many advantagesThe only disadvantage position of the flash and battery consumption implemented quicklyBut you can avoid the flash and take precaution to buy an extra battery
camera|Technically its a great camera in terms of variety of functions and picture quality. My problem is the controls are a little complex and often buried in sub-menus. That's if you know which menu and sub-menu among many. You almost have to carry the manual with you whereever you go.
camera|so easy to use, and such great quality and options for both video and pics...lots of fun guaranteed!!!if you want something easy to use and great quality go 4 it
camera|Bought this camera based on Amazon reviews. Needed a replacement for a 'pocket camera' for casual use. After taking a few hundred shots I must say I am very impressed with the sharpness of photos and the ease of operation. The camera turns on quickly and is quiet. The auto flash seems powerful in most situations where it activates. The very large view screen makes photo review easy. The stabilization feature works well except in low light situations, where the camera is not held steady enough. With an 8 GB card, I can take photos over weeks of travel or activities and download at leisure. The default setting is for 6 MB pictures - odd with all the high tech features, GPS tagging, etc that I will probably never use, that this camera's resolution default is for making large size paper prints. Who prints pictures anymore? I had to install the camera manual from the included CD, which also threw various photo programs on my computer that I didn't really want, in order to find out how to lower the resolution down 4 notches to .3 MB for email sharing. Or I could use Photoshop to crop and reduce size for individual pics.
camera|It's a canon. The 20 optical zoom in such a small body is a big plus. It takes large and fast cards.
camera|I love this camera, it takes such beautiful pictures, so crisp and clear. There is alot of features on it that I haven't used yet, although I hope to use soon. The other cameras that I had doesn't measure up to it. I had a Sony and it was so heavy and confusing to me to use, I think I got talked into buying this one by my husband, he thought it would be a better camera. He took it over and he doesn't even use it, because he forgets what the operation of it. I wanted to sell it, but he said no.
camera|I used the snapsort.com to find out wich would be my next Travel-All Purpose-Point and Shoot Camera.This one turns out to be a great one and for the price (without Wi-Fi) that's a great deal for sure!I'm pretty happy with it and now I can only think about when I'll have the budget to spend on a Mirrorless Camera!
camera|I've only had it for a while but I have so far been happy with the photos that I've taken. My last point-and-shoot was just o.k. The SX260 is really fine. I haven't even yet explored all the features. From the most basic settings to the most advanced. It has it all. I do recommend this camera.
camera|Another excellent Canon product, with a lot of features. I would give it a five stars, but it's a bit bulky and the panel tabs look a bit &#34;plastic&#34; and cheap. It is, however, &#34;made in Japan&#34;. Functionality wise, a very good investment for your money. It also has a large LCD panel which is perfect for viewing. Just make sure you put a screen protector to avoid scratching.
camera|Perfect camera for the price point, functions, user-friendly, dimensions, and not to mention that the image quality is beyond superlative!
camera|I'm still learning all the features this camera has but so far I'm very pleased. I just returned from a vacation trip with lots of memories to process. This was a good deal from Amazon.
camera|Our new Canon camera can do amazing things. The zoom lense allows great close-ups yet collapses into the case so that it is thin and easily placed in pocket or purse Great bargain
camera|Excellent ability for perfect photos. Very happy overall. My only comment for improvement is the pop up flash is tricky to get use to, although for the compact features of this camera I don't see an option for better placement.
camera|The camera is exactly as described, great price. We cruise a lot and will definitely use this on the next one. I would highly recommend this camera.
camera|Camera is very compact and takes great low light shots. Haven't explored the manual settings capabilities yet -- I find it a nuisance that the manual is on a CD, (not able to refer to it in the field). Zoom definitely needs a tripod to be useful.
camera|I was hoping for some really clear shots - I'm big on sharpness. But I guess I learned that blurry photos aren't the fault of camera necessarily; it's me. This camera is sturdy and easy to use. Recommend it highly.
camera|I need new camara to replace an old Canon but even I have used this camara only twice here my comments. Everything is ok except for 2 things: 1) the flash pops-up automatically from the top and usually on a place where you have your fingers. Something happen to the flash mechanism that even you have the flash forced on the flash don't work any more, so you need to turn the camara off and turn it on again taking care to have your fingers off this area to let the flash comes out free. 2) I can not find the way to adjust the power level of flash. Sometimes the light of flash is to intense that make pictures look very white on the background.Compact, nice design and very good quality of pictures thanks to its 20X optical zoom. This is the best feature of this camara.If you take care of the 2 things described, go and get it. Very good pick compared to other options for the same price. Don't forget to buy the extended warranty.
camera|I have decided for this camera for its reviews, now I can just approve them. It is really is a GREAT camera! Pictures are perfect quality, zoom even at its 20x optical makes great sharp pictures! Fully satisfied.Only the flash is positioned not that thoughtfully - I tend to have finger in its way- but that is only matter of time to get use to it.Highly recommend this item!- perfect quality of pictures- fast booting- fast and most of the time sharp focus- many great features- aluminium body- easy to use- very good stabilization- flash not thoughtfully positioned - but easy to get use to it
camera|I really like all the features on this camera, especially the automatic tagging with the built in gps. Its great to see your pictures laid out on a map.The only bad part of this camera is that I have had several problems with the lens covering. It seems to bend inward easily, so any pressure on the face of the camera can cause the covering to stick and only open partway. I have already returned one under warranty, and it seems like the replacement has this happening as well. This is caused by even slight pressure, like putting the camera, in its case, inside a pocket.
camera|Value for money, performs well and even comparable to an SLR picture and zoom quality........pretty good low light performance. I am glad that i made a good decision to buy this incredible piece of craft.
camera|I researched this Canon PowerShot camera so knew what I was getting. Received on time with no problems. It is a replacement for a much older PowerShot.
camera|I really like this camera.Even someone with no photography skills could take very nice pictures with it.But it also allows a lot of tweaking in focus and aperture time for people with more knownledge.The only things I don't like in it are that it has no panoramic picture mode and the popout flash.You have to be aware that the flash will pop out from a spot usually people uses to hold the camera.I would anyways recommend this camera, it's a good buy!
camera|Nice camera with multiple functions. Easy to use, and nice shots of scenery and other things. I do like it a lot. Thank you.
camera|I needed this camera to photograph small items and my hands have a tendancy to shake, but no problem with this camera at all! It's simple and the pics are very clear and sharp. Price is right too, and I highly recommend it for someone who is unsure about settings, etc.
camera|This is a great travel camera. Size and weight are perfect. Couple with large magnification it is great. I will still carry my SX40S for most shots but for short treks sight seeing I will always have this beauty in my pocket. Canon made a winner. Only criticism is that Canon did not make battery to fit in other SX charger. Why is unknown except to sell you another charger. But rather than haul 2 chargers I bought an after market charger which handles both HB6L & HB10L batteries.
camera|I love the size of the camera, the heft of it. It's easy to hold. The screen is large and it focusses fast in order to shoot. The flash pops up automatically.
camera|I got this for my husband and I love it so much I want one for myself. I have an old sony which takes good pictures but the zoom is only 5x which is basically for up close shots. This one is amazing,even on 20x it take's amazing pictures.
camera|Completely average in every way. Lens error occurred on second day and it wasn't even dropped. Returned it fast. Not good and not worth the pricey price tag
camera|I am having a great time with this camera. I am quite familiar with Canons, so it is easy to adapt. However, I am looking forward to taking advantage of its myriad of features. I have been using auto for the most part, and it works great. I love the 20x focusing and the image stabilization. It brings out things that I cannot even see with my naked eye. The color reproduction is very good too. Some people may think that 12.1 MP is not enough, but it works well. I amgoing to have fun with this camera.
camera|This is a fantastic little digital camera. I highly recommend purchasing this camera as it takes wonderful photographs! Highly recommend!!!!!
camera|I bought this camera for my wife, and she loves it so far. I have not used it much myself yet, so I can't give a full review. I do know it took some great photos of our trip to New Orleans.
camera|Great zoom, rechargeable batteries, good viewing screen. Only draw back is very small On button. Checked other cameras and this is actually bigger than most new but still hard for quick On.
camera|I am not going to write a long review... I just wanted to say that this camera is superior to the little $79 point and shoot type cameras in about every way. The picture quality is excellent and I love the zoom.The only downside is that not all features are intuitive. Other than that, I am happy with the purchase. If you are a blogger / casual photographer, this is an incredible, affordable option for you.
camera|Still shots are fantastic and works well in my real estate business. However, if I take a picture and the subject moves just a little, its blurry. Very frustrating. I'm on my way to visit grandchildren and I'm sure I will not get decent pictures. I had to get a new camera because I misplaced the one I've had for many years and I'm not happy at all with this camera. I read all the reviews and was expecting something better than what I have. Does anyone have any ideas why this is happening? I've tried all different settings.
camera|kinda slow in its response time, like the G12 that I also own, far from quick performance but maybe that is just the pricepoint, regardless of manufacturer....
camera|I have been using a Canon super-zoom compact camera that I bought in 2008, and I have been happy with it but I wanted to upgrade to a newer image sensor and technology. I bought this camera at $200, and it's been solid. Canon cameras have two weaknesses, in my opinion-- longer shutter lag and a little bit worse battery life than some competitors. I have also found that when other people use this camera, the pictures tend to come out &#34;soft&#34; because they move too soon, before the lens has closed. That being said, the zoom with image stabilization works great and the basic settings are very easy to change if needed. The picture quality indoor tends to be a little washed out at times with the flash set to auto-- I leave it adjusted two settings lower than full flash to compensate for that (I just leave it set that way for all pictures unless my subject is 12+ feet away). Outdoor pictures are awesome.I have an DSLR camera for more advanced functions, but I think this SX260 is a good choice for most people. I bought one for my mom too as a replacement for her 7-year old Canon. She's been happy with hers too.
camera|I loveee this camera to death- I've played with this camera for the last two days now- I'm so obsessed with this camera and the shipping was pretty fast and the item is in really excellent condition. Thanks! :-D
camera|Given to my daughter per her SPECIFIC request for Christmas. She said it was easy to set up and use and took great quality photos.
camera|Takes great pictures. Had to get used to holding it differently since the flash is on top. I put my left thumb on side of camera and my index finger under the lense and tip of index touching the bottom of the rubber strip. This keeps the camera from falling forward. Hope this helps someone. Bought the Wasabi charger with two 1300mha batteries. They last forever and the charger comes with car battery attachment. This one solid camera and look forward to using a lot of its capabilities,
camera|I agree with the other reviews that the pop-up flash is akward where it is located and that your index finger at times gets in the way when it is popping-up.. However, this is a great quality camera because 1) it is CANON, and 2) the zoom is great!... I just need to get used to the flash, but this camera is excellent for traveling.
camera|Pros:This is a nice point-and-shoot. It has the potential to take amazing photos. The clarity can be excellent at times, and the color pops. I like that it has manual/aperture/shutter priority options. It allows for more creativity. I'm still working on discovering every nook and cranny in the settings but there seems to be a wide variety. I had fun playing around with the slow motion video setting. I like that the camera came with a cord to hook up to the computer via USB. That is extremely helpful and it works fast. The LCD screen is nice and large and it's very bright (of course you can change how bright you want it). My Cybershot memory stick Pro duo doesn't fit into the Canon. However, if you have a micro-sd card with an adapter, it fits right into the Canon and works perfectly. I'm glad I discovered that because I didn't want to go out and buy another memory card. I spent too much money as it is.Cons:All of these cons are superficial. Everything is in perfect condition, these are just my observations and preferences.The flash is kind of annoying at times. I'm used to having my finger where it pops up. I also find that the autofocus is a bit slow. Again, I'm still figuring things out, but it seems that it doesn't always focus on what you want it to. I've handed the camera over to friends to take a photo and sometimes it will just come out blurry. This camera is also heavy. I compared it to my Sony Cybershot and the Canon is probably about 1.5x heavier. Not a great addition to my already heavy hand-bag. The power button is in a weird spot. It should be on the opposite side of the shutter button. I've had friends try to take a picture and shut the camera off. It's just an odd spot for the power button. The camera beeps and noises are quite annoying, so I just shut them off.Overall, I'd say this is a great camera. With a few tweaks here and there, it would be an amazing camera.
camera|I use a camera in my work as a contractor and often take 500 to 600 pictures a day.under various conditions (dark attics and crawlspaces to full sun). I am still new to this camera and all of its features, and so far I am very pleased with photos and ease of use. It does what I need and the zoom is powerful and clear. Up close it does well and is clear.The wide-angel lens is amazing.The reason for the 4 star over a 5 star is the battery life. The old AA batteries lasted me nearly all day and these new batteries are good for maybe 200 or so pictures, so I carry three batteries with me and bought a car battery charger. This Canon has a longer battery life than most I looked at.I am very pleased with this camera.
camera|I did extensive research on cameras, this one exceeds my expectations. It is simple to use and docks quickly with both a PC and iMac.
camera|Although the images get blurry when the ISO is higher than 800 maybe, it does offer a amazing long zoom for the daily use
camera|Meets all my requirements for a point and shoot camera. It is simple to operate, great quality photos and easy to carry.
camera|Fantastic camera. Small but loaded with options. as good as my SX40HS except for the zoom capabilities. Actually it is probably better than the SX40HS or at least equal to it. Really easy to handle.
camera|I paid $299 for this in August after having lost my previous model the CanonSX240. This has an even better zoom. You can see the craters of the moon. I was 23 rows back in a dark theater and took a photo of Hugh Jackman on stage (w/o the flash) and it turned out well lit and super close up. In Cathedrals and museums and other large indoor spaces it does an amazing job when the light is minimum. It was worth the price of $299, but now I see it is $189, what a deal!!!! Don't hesitate buying this!
camera|This is a great camera. Picture quality is good, zoom is good, just a good point and shoot camera. You can't lose with a Canon.
camera|I bought this camera for my daughter as a nice point and shoot that wasn't too big--she was able to take a photo of the moon with the crater detail--with just this little camera--amazing! She picked it for the features; I rate it for the results.
camera|Takes good pictures. Took me about a hour with the mannual and I was shooting great photos. The zooms are great especially when I take time to attach a small tripod.
camera|This is the first camera I have had in a long time. I love it's ease of use and photo quality.
camera|This is the best canon ever. I have used both Canon and Nikon. The Canon Powershot series is the best for the average user. For travel the Canon sx260 has it all. ease of use, 20X Optical lens, and a strong body.
camera|Very good camera. This camera has a lot of features, and lens quality are very good. Battery life is short due zoom. But flash might be blocked by your fingers when activated.
camera|It is a very handy camera and useful if one wants quality pictures without going through the burden of carrying heavier cameras. The only problem which I find a bit annoying is the flash cover which pops up. Looks like canon engineers forgot how people click photos
camera|This camera has everything i need, it is easy to use, is lightweight, nice color, looks good, tip top model.
camera|I bought this camera to replace a Nikon Coolpix camera that stopped working properly after a year and three months. This is a great point and shoot camera and very easy to use and set up. I recommend this camera to anyone who wants an easy, affordable point and shoot. I did try the video camera, the picture is wonderful and you can hear focus adjusting, but nothing out of the ordinary that I haven't encountered using other video recording devices. Very happy with this purchase.
camera|This has to be one of the best cameras I have ever owned! The stabelized zoom is amazing and the shots all come out very clear.
camera|I love the camera, Great compact, the pictures are great, and the zoom is awesome for a compact camera. My only issue is with the location of the flash. I know where it is but my fingers always seem to be in the way.
camera|Compact, simple to use, and takes great pics. Zoom is outstanding. Fits nicely in a pocket. Would recommend to anyone.
camera|Can't ask for a more full featured point and shoot, just now getting to test it out and so far I'm verry impressed.
camera|It's my second Powershot. It has way more features than the previous one, so I haven't had time to learn all the bells and whistles. The clarity of the images is great.
camera|I ordered this camera after a long research. I was undecided between Canon PowerShot SX260 and the Sony Cyber-shot DSC-HX20V. I found this camera on sale on Black Friday, ordered it online and it arrived on my door the next day! The fastest delivery I have ever had - great job Amazon!For the camera itself, I am still exploring all the functions. One feature that was attractive to me based on the reviews I read is its versatility in manual settings, in addition to automatic or pre-set functions. I have not explored that part much yet, but I have tested and have been enjoying a few tricks that this camera has. I like pre-set effects such as the fish-eye, miniature, vivid colours and night-shots. I think its night pictures are particularly good.To be honest, initially I was gravitating towards the Sony camera but bought this because of the good price. But I do think they are more or less the same, so the more difference in the price, the more reasons to go with Canon. For anyone in the same dilemma, I would not go for Sony Cyber-shot if it is more than $30-40 more expensive.Overall, I am very pleased with my choice, I think it is great value for money and very versatile. The 20x zoom is also amazing. I might update my review when I explore details that I might have not discovered yet.
camera|This camera is great. Shutter speed is very quick and you can capture whatever image or moment you want. Many different settings to choose from.
camera|My wife lost our camera while on vacation so needed to find one that worked better than the last one; this camera by far out performs the Sony that was lost! I love the clarity of the pictures even when using the zoom. The flash does an excellent job of reaching out and revealing! This is by far the best small camera I've ever owned.
camera|I bought this camera to replace my 10-year-old Olympus, this one looks pretty and has good performance so far, light and cute. Really love it.
camera|I wanted to get my daughter in law something that She needed ( old camera is damaged) and would truly be excited about. Your camera hit the mark. I worried because I didn't think it would arrive before Christmas but it did ever thought I ordered late. Thank you! The added bonus is I will get more pictures of my grandchildren. Thsnks, Jane
camera|It has many extra features and does take some time getting used to it but is worth it. I was not happy that it did not come with a manual which you have to down load, many pages long.
camera|Needed something to use when I can't haul around my beloved Canon DSL. So far, this camera seems perfect for my needs. Compact, takes great pictures, nice zoom, and fits in my purse.
camera|It is the second one that I purchased, and I don`t see any problem. Works as must, very good for price.
camera|I've never had a digital camera so I really studied up before choosing this one. I haven't had a lot of time to use it yet, but it's obvious that the instructions manual is going to be really easy to work with, the steps laid out clearly and the camera really responsive. I chose the Canon because reviews like mine emphasized that it's a great camera for a beginner but also has a very long menu of really exciting applications and special features once I get comfortable with the basics. Thanks Canon!
camera|Canon comes through again. We lost our 3 year old Canon SX110 and were looking to upgrade. This is a great small camera with fantastic zoom capability. A perfect complement to my Canon EOS when you don't want to bring all of that equipment and still get great pictures.
camera|As its name implies, it takes great pictures with little to no effort on the photographer's part. We've been taking pictures for a week. Each and every picture has been great.
camera|The camera takes good pictures and is easy to use (which is important to me as I am not a camera expert). It seems that batteries never last long,, but this one lasts longer than I expected. Overall, I am pleased with my purchase.
camera|Takes great pix & better movies than my old Canon. A bit heavy in my purse though. I love the color! It's not really red: it's more of a soft dark rose. Lovely. Glad I bought it.
camera|all the features are very good, the stabilizer is amazing good when I making a film in max distance about one and half miles.
camera|I love this camera! Easy to use! I get great pictures! Great looking movies too! I would recommend this camera!
camera|it feels like a quality and professional camera even if it is a &#34;PowerShot&#34;. The only negative aspect that I have found so far is the amount of time that it takes to shoot each picture.
camera|Very powerful zoom with matching image stabilizer. Clear sharp images but short battery life. It is recommended to carry spare battery.
camera|The camera fails to take proper Colors photos in auto mode indoor. They all turn out very unpredictable and uncorrectable yellowish. Cannot be trust to take any quick snapshots indoor in parties, on any objects that cannot stay still! I had older Cannons that work much reliable and give good snapshots both indoor and outdoor. I would not recommend it to folks who expect a all around point and shoot cammer.
camera|This is the most infuriating camera I have ever owned. It does take pretty good photos in good light and has a great zoom range, but the controls are terrible. The multifunction wheel is dreadful. Trying to use the rotary function while adjusting one parameter is impossible without accidentally activating one of the several other menus that it also controls. For example, when Manual Focus is selected, rotating the dial will inevitably activate another unwanted menu such as the self timer or compensation function. It is essentially impossible to use the manual focus without changing other settings unintentionally. Or likewise, adjusting the compensation by rotating the dial will ususally result in another menu being opened and that parameter changed unintentionally. In addition, the autofocus is worthless for close-ups and macro work. I have spent many infuriating moments trying to take photos of flowers and the camera is completely unable to focus. And, as noted before, the manual focus is impossible. So basically this is a good camera for portraits and scenery, but forget about macro work and still life photos. Simply infuriating.
camera|I like this camera. The only issue I have had was a little bit with the focusing, but I think that is user error (me).Also, the recommended case (you know the buy with this product thing) isn't the right case. Don't buy that.
camera|Great zoom; improved hand hold. Took excellent pictures in difficult lighting conditions. Exceeded my expectations. Lots of great built-in features.
camera|I wasn't sure if the camera sold as used on Amazon, but the camera I received looks brand new like never been used, even the pacakgin inside were sealed. I love the camera, and thanks for fast shipping, it was wonderful.
camera|Camera arrived as advertised... haven't really had it long enough to give it a full evaluation yet, but from the preliminary handling I've done, it appears to be a very good piece of equipment. Probably contains more features than I will ever need or use, but it's nice to know they are there if I ever do need them (and can figure out how to use them). If you can deal with a 246 page Users Manual, and are in the market for a camera of this type, then by all means, go for it. Do think Canon should have included a memory card of some type, but they didn't.
camera|A very cute, small camera that will slip into your pocket and give you amazing pictures with incredible zooming capabilities. I have been through a few different cameras and none produced as crisp and clear photos with this kind of zoom.
camera|First of all, let me tell you that I am no expert in cameras. I have little clue of what aperture and iso is etc. This was a gift to my mother in law who is just as clueless as I am. She was always complaining of blurry pictures and slow picture taking of her previous camera. This one takes no time to snap a picture, it also has a good crop factor (as my husband says). Very light and easy to handle.
camera|After reading all of the reviews about this camera, I had decided to purchase it. Let me just say, that I am extremely pleased with the results I have gotten from the first use. I am not a professional photographer and do not know a whole lot about cameras, but I have to say that the images produced from this little digital camera, were amazing! I was even able to take a breathtaking shot of the full moon up close- hand held and full zoom, no tripod required. I would definitely recommend this product to anyone looking for a small and compact, but very powerful and affordable digital camera. I have posted some of the photos I have taken along with what I used to obtain the image, under the "images" section of this product. Oh, and just in case anyone was curious about which one I bought, I ended up purchasing the green SX260 and also bought the Transcend 8gb SDHC card.
camera|This is a great camera for the money, just keep your finger off the flash. The quality of the pic is outstanding.
camera|I have two Canon Point and Shot, and this is my new one. I use it recntly in my last trip, and the quality and stabilization is amazing. The menu is very easy to use, a the Auto option is great how it change according to the picture. Excellent Zoom.
camera|Even though I know next to nothing about using a camera, pictures turn out great using this camera. Not blurry or out of focus like my older Canon. Can take 2nd and 3rd pictures without waiting for the battery, which recharges very fast! Camera has enough features to impress my daughter, who is a professional photographer. Happy with this camera!
camera|Check out the CNET review... that gives you a good indication what you would expect to see at your hands.
camera|Light weight easy to use and takes great picturesLots of cool features. I only wish I would have bought it sooner.
camera|All the functions as a camera and a video recorder are amazing and I don't want to speak anymore of that. But has some things that make bored to use it.So my recomendations are:The flash position is very uncomfortable to grip, Cannon have this error in many previous models indeed.The button to take the pictures should be at the end of the right side because is easier turn it off when you are trying to focus.Finally as and advice It only works fine with a sd card 10 class
camera|I bought this camera after my PowerShot S70 was showing an E30 error and I couldn't get it to work after that and I lost many photos shots thinking that they were on the disc. I bought this camera and wow... very nice so far. Only drawback is the pop up camera flash. My hand/fingers get in the way when that happens. Oh well, making brain learning that behavior and now it doesn't happen. Takes wonderful images. Sometimes if objects move, then you will get blurry photos if shutter speed is off. Still learning all the functions, but is well worth my investment. I'm still awe on this camera.oh - On my PowerShot S70 error - the error was operator error.. memory disc was full and after deleting the images stored on the disc, the camera worked as good as OEM. Now I have 2 great cameras to use. No - I won't sell the S70 because I've invested in many accessories and won't get near what I invested in it back on re-selling.
camera|The zoom is amazing! I still have much to learn about it, but love it! It's wonderful to own and use.
camera|Really like this camera, just what I was looking for/needed. No Problems yet or unusual noises. BUT, just came back from BJ's and the exact same camera in black is selling for $70.00 less. Can't decide if I should mail this SX260 HS back or not. Kind of bumed out at AMAZON.Edit: Should have been clearer, price at BJ's: $167.00!!!
camera|Amazing camera for the price, I literally can see the craters on the moon in photos.Video is good and nice to have the 1080p, but the Slo Motion feature is only available very small resolution, not 720 or 1080. Still a cool feature, just wish it did higher resolution slo mo. But I bought the camera for the compact zoom not for slo mo. :P Amazing camera for the price.You won't be disappointed!
camera|I love this camera. I am having so much fun with it. It is very easy to use but also has a lot of advanced functions. It has changed my photo taking life.
camera|This camera is easy to use and has an amazing zoom. Quality pictures. Easy download to computer. I love this point and shoot camera!
camera|I did not buy this camera from Amazon because of the cost of shipping; but I choose it thanks to Amazon reviews. This camera had the lowest 1 star rating of all other similar products(around 5%) and this is what tipped the scales for me. I have had this camera for a few weeks now and it lives up to its name 'power shot'.
camera|This camera is perfect for the person who likes to shoot photos while traveling. The digital zoom allows you to reach out for some of those 'animal' shots that used to turn out as small dots in the distance. There are features on this camera that I may never figure out, but the photos that I have been able to take so far have been pleasing. There are some times that I wish there was a view finder as well as display screen, but I have learned to cope. The big plus is the fact that this camera fits in my pocket so nicely.
camera|Good camera with great range. Good telephoto lens, very good Canon quality images. Above average in low light situations. No raw image setting though. Good improvement from the SX230. Been shooting with it for 3 months, will post again when I have more time with camera and try out more of the features.
camera|it is a great compact camera, we had fuji camera with higher pixel but this one has the most amazing pictures. easy to carry . it is not like you have to carry big professional cameras for a perfect photo. we bought it for our new coming baby:) we believe it will work perfectly and take great memories for us in great colors:)
camera|i was looking for a camera which could be called a &#34;bridge&#34; since i did not like the bulky ness of SLR type cameras . This one suits my needs ! The night shots are good and so is the optical zoom. So this should be helpful if i go out for a night camp or a safari!
camera|I got this camera because I needed a small camera to use at work. The zoom works very well and I've been able to capture really good photos of natural scenes such as evening sky shots, snow scenes, geese on a pond etc. It's easy to use and the controls (iso, exposure, shutter speed) are easy to set up and change as needed. This camera definitely doesn't take photos with the same clarity and overall quality as the Canon S 95, which I also have. It also cannot shoot in RAW mode...BUT it's a lot easier to use than the S 95 and is the camera I use every day at work and which I carry with me in my purse.
camera|Just a little slow on processing the image to the screen. It does take great clear pictures. I would have given more stars if it wasn't for the design of the flash being right where my finger is. because it is slim there really is now where else to hold on. but I still like it. It doesn't have as many shooting options as the panasonic I replaced, but it will do for the amatuer shooter who just wants to get the shot.
camera|Pros: Read what others have been saying. Overall, this camera has some outstanding features. It's a bit clunky looking, but MUCH smaller than a DSLR and bridges the gap between my T4i and Sony WX-10. Extra-wide angle is a plus.Cons:- As others have reported, the Flash system is BROKEN on this camera. If you hold the camera naturally and the camera thinks it needs a flash, it has a motor that pushes the flash up. If you block the flash as it comes up, you get an error message that requires taking the battery out to clear. Solution? I haven't found one. I've had this happen a dozen times or so.- Second star comes off for the lack of a Panorama setting. Canon, if you're listening, GIVE US IN-CAMERA PANORAMA PROCESSING! Why? Because EVERYBODY ELESE IS doing it.
camera|iI did my homework and found out this was the camera for me. It was hard to find in our area so ordering through Amazon was a breeze, and I got the price and color I wanted. I've used the camera on two trips and really like the ease of using it and the quality of the pictures. It gives great zoomed-in pictures. The only reason it's a 4 start is because it was delivered and left outside in the bitter cold. I did not see it until the next day because it was behind a planter. That's really the delivery person's fault, but maybe if the envelope would have stated &#34;fragile&#34; or &#34;camera&#34; this might not have happened. I warmed it up gradually and even set it in a sealed container of rice to absorb the moisture. It appears to work find.
camera|I work in Guatemala bringing nursing groups. The camera works great. It's a little heavier than I thought it would be. I'm on the go and need to keep it in a jeans pocket.
camera|I'm using it for 2-3 weeks and I am very satisfied with the camera. It does what I want so for that I recommend it. I don't understand why Amazon did not want to send it to a APO location but another seller sent it (for 20$ transport fee). And that on the Amazon site and through them. Strange policy.
camera|amazing zoom amazing quality of pic, i recomend this camera to everyone the price is good too, . , ..
camera|This camera is perfect for everyone! I love how professional my pics look, even though I'm an amateur! I upgraded to this Canon from a Kodak Easy Share. Huge upgrade!
camera|I can't honestly give this camera less than 5 stars, because for what it is, it's amazing. It's perfect for anyone wanting to take amazing shots without spending hundreds on a bulky DSLR to lug around.My only complaint is that it doesn't have an Exposure Bracketing feature for HDR shots. This fact really makes no sense to me, as many a lesser camera have this feature.Overall, though, very impressed with this camera. A steal at $220, but if you're looking for a camera to shoot HDR, steer elsewhere.
camera|After a long search I found that it is the best camera I would like to buy and I bought it from Amazon.
camera|My only complaint with this great little camer is Canon's placement of the on/off button. I'd rather it was in the middle of the top of the camera, otherwise I'd have given 5 stars.
camera|The title says it all, not what I was expecting. The sound quality of the video is noisy as in all powershots i've previously owned. Was hoping that the stereo mics would take care of that....Also, hard to get a good, solid grip with this camera.
camera|I just started to use the Canon Power Shot SX 260 but it seems to be a very handy and user-friendly camera.
camera|Its the best camera i've ever had... For the 189$ i paid for is way much more than i expected
camera|The camera takes great pictures and is easy to use. Only negative is the flash. It is located on the top of camera where I place my finger to steady the camera when taking a picture. The flash raises up when a flash picture is taken and malfunctions with my finger on top of the camera. Canon needs to relocate the flash.
camera|The digital zoom on this camera produced inferior shots compared to the regular zoom. If you buy it, regard it as 20 zoom, not 80.
camera|It is a good camera. Nice colors and definition.It is useful for long distance shots, but if you want to take a picture of near objects it distorts the image. You can go around it, but it is a serious issue.Some bright colors also &#34;glow&#34; in the picture.
camera|A major reason for choosing this camera was its GPS feature. The camera is noted as having the feature but I don't think the reviewers ever tried to use it. Canon does not provide any way for printing images with the GPS data (location)! I checked with Canon support and they acknowledged that there is no way of printing the location data on the image. This would appear to be a simple addition to their ImageBrowser utility but it is not there and customer support could not say if/when it would be added. Amazing that one can display the GPS data on the camera screen and map the points, but not print the images. I am very disappointed in reviewers who just consider features as check marks and don't look at usability. The camera has other nice features, but GPS was critical to me and I am returning this camera.
camera|This is my 2nd attempt to get and answer to my problem. When I purchased the Canon camera there was an add with it stating if I purchased this particular camera I would receive a &#34;free&#34; 4 gb memory card as an added bonus. When the package arrived there was not a memory card. I want to know why it was not part of the original purchase???I have no complaints on packaging, shipping or product but I am concerned as to why this insignificant item was missing...JimK
camera|Bought and returned this camera. In auto mode, the camera almost always picks iso800 and produces blurry pictures. Without flash pictures are still blurry. I bought the Sony hx30v because its indoor pictures were by FAR sharper and more pleasing, flash or no flash. When I returned the canon at target, the SA commented that others had returned the camera due to blurry pictures. I'm still shocked by the glowing reviews and I am hoping I save someone from similar disappointment and possible restocking fees having to return the canon sx260. I expect to get bashed for this review. Sorry- I really wanted to like this canon as I'm a fan and it was $100 cheaper than the Sony but IMHO the indoor pictures were unacceptable.
camera|The reviews on this camera are what influenced me to buy SX260. It is a nice compromise between a entry level SLR and an aim and shoot. I have had several Canon cameras to date and this one is as good or better than the past. The telephoto option works very well, a little hard to use with the smallish display but I like it! I also am a big fan of the small size....fits in a shirt or pants pocket. Most importantly it takes great pictures!. Plenty of inexpensive aftermarket batteries to be found, and I bought several that work very well! The price keeps dropping, so go buy one for Xmas.
camera|Good camera. lots of options. it is a little too hard to completely master it. I am still learning but it works nice with auto, easy or scene without a hard learning curve.Love the zoom! It works great but it works best outside on sunny day; if you use it indoors in a distance that is not reached by flash then you'll notice a fair amount of noise in the picture.My biggest complain so far is the battery life. Took around 100 pictures and battery died!. My previous canon sd550 lasted at least twice as long. I did not record yet but I am worried about battery life in that. Just purchased a 2nd battery to make sure i don't get stuck if I am in a long trip (i imagine a Disney trip and no battery...)My last issue is not very important but I was a little surprised to find out that the wrist strap does not adjust at all; I like using it to make sure camera does not drop but as it does not adjust or tighten then it is kind of useless.
camera|Worked great for three months. Took it to France for vacation and took some amazing photos and videos. Then for some reason the LCD screen decided to wash out and you could not review the images. I sent it back to Canon and they are sending a replacement.I know this review is about the camera not Canon's customer service but when you pay many dollars for a product its good to know if things go wrong the company will support you.Back to the camera. Best digital I have ever owned. Great images, tremendous zoom and impressive video.
camera|I have found this camera to be quick to boot up and have little shutter lag when taking photos. I love the long zoom, and the stabilization works well. The flash that pops up under your fingers is a minor annoyance, anyway I don't use flash much. It is light and fits in a pocket. The battery life is fine as far as I am concerned. I like almost everything about it except for . . .The color quality is a major disappointment. Many pictures are too bright or washed-out. I spent a weekend with my cousin who had a new Panasonic Lumix point and shoot with equivalent features/price point, and her photos had much more realistic color. One unusual tree that had strange green and orange bark came out blue and grey in my photos but accurate in the Lumix photos.I had planned to buy a Lumix but purchased the Canon on impulse and because of the many strong reviews. Wish I had stuck with my original plan.
camera|If you are looking for the best camera...this is it!! FOR SURE.It takes fabulous closeups...I take a lot of those and in the Northwoods you like to take pictures of eagles in nests and loons on lakes and the zoom on this camera is INCREDIBLE. I found a You tube demoing it and was so impressed I hit purchase right after that...so take a look at You tube on the demo of the zoom. REALLY great. SO, close up, dark rooms, zooms, this camera will be your favorite ever. I can't take a bad picture with it. I am telling everyone I know to get it. Cannon, You "did good" on this and the price is very reasonable for the super quality. 7 stars as far as any camera in all my buying.
camera|I really enjoy using this camera... It's nice for someone who doesn't really want a proffesional camera, but still offers features that are not found on the lower end models :) highly recommended!
camera|This was the first time I have ever bought a camera online. I was hesitant at first to buy something so pricey with out ever seeing it. After doing a little research, i decided on the canon power shot hot pink camera and am SO HAPPY! The color is PERFECT - a bright fuschia - not red as in the specs. The photos are clear and the color is perfect. I love all the settings - I have also made quite a few videos. I travel a lot around mexico and the U.S., so i wanted something easy to carry in my purse every day and something that gives me great photos - this camera is it - small, compact, easy to use, professional quality, tons of settings. A 5 star purchase for sure. In the first month I have owned it, I took over 800 photos and 20 videos and have had no problems or complaints.
camera|I purchased the Powe Shot SX260 HS 12.1 MP camera which we will be taking on our next vacation, the camera produces very sharp and clear pictures which I alwais wanted to buy
camera|since i just got this camera the other day and have just barely started using it, this isnt really a "product review" that said, i do want to mention a couple things ( i must feel like talkin'!) over the past 6 months i have been seriously updating my cameras and have purchased quite a few, some i bought locally and some here on amazon (which BTW is a GREAT place to shop for 100's of reasons!) a couple cameras i took back pretty quick and those were mostly oly's ( wanted the tough underwater gig and gave up with oly) i was actually replacing an old canon elph that never died just got so far out of date that i REALLY wanted more than... 4 pixels! but i will say that that camera NEVER NEVER failed me, and it was fast as a whip at taking the shots, i donated it to goodwill so i am certain someone is STILL havin' fun with it!ive bought 4 little point and shoot set ups and canon BY FAR is the best for ME, i cant even imagine why anyone would want a point and shoot that doesnt turn around and shoot AGAIN like lightning and canons DO. every one, every time. the others... sony. nikon, oly etc... JESUS you have to wait for the thing to figure out what its doing i guess, who knows! so FOR ME if it cant shoot and shoot and shoot NOW then forget all the other bells and whistles PERIOD when i am out shoooting i want what i see to be captured and frankly whatever i get i can edit and work with if i have to just make sure I GET IT, thats the cameras JOB (JoyOfBeing) and the rest is MINE!so this little baby is a GREAT CANON and its got some fine zoom goin' on too AND (and im big on this too) its a FUN COLOR! a tealy green and i love THAT about it too! it flatens out and gets right in the neat little case i have for it and its quick as a whip. THANK YOU CANON!Feb 15 2013this is still my main camera and i will say that i am OVER the top pleased with this thing! i took it with me on my first ever "cruise" to alaska and got over 800 of the BEST shots in the world as well as some pretty fabulous video. the "live" feature is priceless and now i dont even ever want to USE a camera that doesnt offer this. i love love love it! i shoot about 500+ pics a month in all sorts of "weather" conditons and this camera never fails and always amazes me.
camera|I would have given 5 stars for this one but the flash has been placed in such a awkward position. Also you have to switch to program mode to activate 'flash ON'..
camera|I'm constantly flipping my point and shoot digicams for the latest and greatest within my budget. My recent purchases were the Panasonic Lumix DMC-ZS3 and the Canon PowerShot SX230 the SX260's predecessor.I use the camera mostly for eBay still photography, family photos, and indoor concert footage and snaps. I don't have a discerning eye for photography so all these cameras performed equally well for me, with respect to picture quality. I rarely use the presets and fancy photo filters unless I need them in special situations. And I never use the GPS function; if the SX240HS were available in U.S. Amazon, I'd buy that one.Unlike real photographers, my primary issues with a camera are how it feels in my hand and whether the functions are intuitively accessible via menus. I prefer the Canon menu system and buttons, over Panasonic's. I like all of the the SX230 functions but ... I couldn't comfortably park my fingers in order to easily adjust the back dials. The front of the SX230 had just the scratchy logo to hang onto. Owners of SX230, you probably know what I mean.Canon solved my pet peeve, with a rubber grip strip on the face of the SX260. That little piece of ergonomics VASTLY improved my user experience with this camera. My enthusiasm for this baby has been restored.I attached comparison photos of the SX230 and SX260.
camera|closest thing to a professional camera, without all the lens changing and expense. Highly recommended for those who want high quality photos without breaking the bank
camera|I am always nervous about purchasing electronics online, but I am thrilled with my new Canon Powershot. I am a very amateur photographer. This camera is extremely easy to use, it takes great pictures, and I think that the price is reasonable. I recommend this product!
camera|I love the camera. It works really well, it has a fantastic zoom lens, and it takes great pictures. The only problem I have is the battery charger. I charged the battery once when I first got it, no problem. Then I didn't use the camera a whole lot for a while. I had no need to charge the battery for a couple months. When I went to charge the battery a second time, the charger would not work at all. I had to buy a new one.
camera|pros1. Portable: This small camera is so portable that it can fit into a pocket easily.2. its shutter speed can be 1/32003. start up quickly and almost no shutter lag, comparable to my Canon 20D.4. long zoom range (20X)5. picture quality is very good and the build quality is also good6. can take HD movie clips7. good price (less than $300) for its functions8. camera control is very similar to Canon SLR camerascons1. the aperture is only from f3.5 to f8 in wide angle and f6.7 - f8 (two steps) at 20 X zoom. This is a limitation. I think it should have f11 and f16.2. digital noise is apparent when using high ISO, this is probably due to the small sensor size.
camera|Delivery: it is awesome! Thanks, Amazon!Product: This point and shoot camera is great. Very good quality images and decent shooting range (20X optical), acceptable video recording according to traveler point short camera. I highly recommend it to those who want a decent traveler camera.
camera|Very happy with new camera. The zoom is powerful, which is just what I wanted, and why I bought this camera. Have use Canons for many years. Very satisfied.I would prefer that initial setting would be normal instead of wide angle though. I prefer to control both wide angle and zoom. And Amazon, never lets me down.
camera|I've used an SLR for years but wanted something that would give me good pics that was more portable. This camera was recommended to me by a clerk at Best Buy so I came home and did some research and I saw a lot of great reviews so I purchased it on Amazon. I don't know if I have a lemon or what. There is so much lag time when you take a shot that you miss the right moments. It's so slow. Just about every pic was blurry, even posed ones in optimum conditions. It's so frustrating! I have tried adjusting to all different settings and have even had friends toy with it to see if I'm missing something. I'm generally really great with cameras. Also, the battery ran out VERY VERY quickly. I'm so disappointed because I read and was told so many great things about this camera. Now I will have to return and may not even get all my money back. Complete bummer. I would not recommend this camera to a friend or anyone at all. I gave it one star because it showed up on time. Don't waste your time or money. Junk.
camera|I bought the Canon sx 260 HS in July of 2012. I used it two times and the lens would not open. I returned it to Canon repair who said they could only send me a refurbished model.DEFECTIVE is the word I used and they state in the warranty "no defective parts within one year." However, look at the fine print and you'll see it is up to them to give you not a new one, just a refurbished one. GREAT, it already doesn't work!!DON'T BUY THIS CAMERA AND EXPECT IT TO LAST.
camera|I broke my Nikon D60 DSLR and then I broke my Sony Cyber-shot DSC-WX50 16.2 MP Digital Camera with 5x Optical Zoom and 2.7-inch LCD (Black) (2012 Model) and so I set out to find the best of both worlds in one camera. After reading all the raving reviews, viewing countless sample photos, and researching the competing cameras, I went to Best Buy and purchased the SX260.I'm disappointed but I want to love this camera really bad because it has everything I was looking for, or so I thought: great optical zoom, great image quality and stunning colors, black and white shooting mode, compact point-and-shoot style.So why am I disappointed? Because of the image quality. Seriously I'm feeling a bit alone in my opinion after reading through the other reviews to see if I'm loosing my mind but to me the image quality is well below standard. Low light, bright light, optimal light, any setting, flash or no-flash, the images seem to be blurry. Not blurry like going without your glasses blurry but not sharp, crisp. For example a shot with my Sony with 5X zoom was so clear I could zoom in and crop and still keep amazing detail. When I took it to New York City I took some amazing shots at night from the Empire State Building without a tripod, just resting it on the concrete wall. With the Canon, night time shots of the city are near impossible and forget zooming in on any shot regardless of the lighting. Once you zoom in you'll see distortion, smoothing, dull images.In summary, this Canon is well built, easy to use and user friendly. Loaded with features and shooting modes. The 80X digital zoom is very impressive and the built in image stabilization works surprisingly well. The image quality is left to the eye of the beholder and to me it significantly lacks, especially for the price of this camera. Video quality is decent to great depending on lighting but expect to get a lot of inner mechanical noise feedback. I think I am going to sacrifice the optical zoom and find another camera.
camera|Good quality of images. Easy to use telescope lens and simple way in operation. I thinks this is the best one of its class on the market now.
camera|The picture quality is very good and the small size of the camera means that this can be carried anywhere. The long zoom lens is one of the best on the market. With the camera and its lens, you can capture very natural stills of people unobtrusively.
camera|Bought this camera for my trip to the Galapagos and it takes really great pictures but it is slow especially when you zoom and battery life is short. It only lasted me 2 months and after that, it had a black screen and only would turn on&off and nothing else. I had to return it.
camera|Nice little camera: excelent features, great pic quality, great price for the bucks. It is rather small but a bit on the heavy side which, combined, makes if difficult to handle. What irritated me to the point of returning it to Amazon after the first day of tests is that in video mode it captures a LOT of noise from the zoom engine to the point that it spoils the video. My old Panasonic Lumix (great little camera but with a less powerful zoom) never did that, it was as silent as any zoom should be. If you like videos and wants to keep the original sound they capture, do not buy this camera. Sorry Canon, I think I will go back to research mode...
camera|I purchased this camera to both replace my aging 5 MP digital camera and to eventually also use underwater with an Ikelite housing (haven't done the latter yet). After a two week vacation with it overseas as my first real use of it I have to say that I am impressed with the size/weight of the package, the quality of the pictures, the acceptable speed of operation, the battery life, the image stabilization, and the zoom.I was expecially pleased with how the 20x optical zoom and the image stabilization seem to work together. I had no problems zooming the full 20x and shooting crisp, clear photos. Going beyond 20x -- using the in camera digital zoom -- didn't work quite as well expecially beyond 30x, but in many cases was acceptable.Speed of operation is acceptable but just barely so -- this with a 32 GB Type 10 SDHC card.Battery life is reasonable -- I was able to shoot a full day of photos (100-120)with mixed flash on a single fully-charged battery. I also purchased two of the after-market batteries and kept those with me, but never had to switch out during the day (although I came close a couple of times).Regarding controls, the camera is comfortable to hold and the control layout is acceptable. I did have one problem with the auto-focus fighting me for a picture of a church steeple framed by trees -- the closer trees kept fooling the auto-focus to give them preference. Admittedly, this is more lack of my not reading the fine manual than a defect in the camera.
camera|This is a fantastic camera, and while it has many wonderful modes, you'll rarely need to take it off the auto setting.My only gripe (and this is only somewhat related to the camera itself) is that the camera has an underwater mode, but Canon doesn't currently list a compatible case for this model.
camera|A great camera, versatile, fast GPS, no blur at 20x, only problem is selector moves off P in pocket. highly recommended, best yet.
camera|I've been a fan of canon since my first 35mm years ago! Now the sx260 has a 3" screen, 20x zoom with Image Stabilization and being able to take photos without the flash indoors!! Not to mention all the photos that my old canon 5x just couldn't quite bring to life!! I'm finding this camera in my purse on my dash & ready for the moment... I am super amazed that I can take some of these photos and they turn out really good... I'm not a professional and only take photos of family and things that catch my eye, so when I capture the moment it still surprises me! This camera is easy for the amateur and has more to offer even the experienced photographer. I've only touched the surface of all the interesting things this camera can do. The quality of my inside photos without flash really surprise me, where the camera finds the light I don't know... but I Love not having to wash out people with too much light. I have used the flash & it is powerful, for the really dark situations it works perfectly. My outdoor photos of people, animals and scenery all turn out really nice and when I enlarge a photo and frame it family have asked where I purchased them!! shhhh... it's our secret. My Canon sx260 is my go everywhere camera, small enough for my purse or even a pocket. I've taken photos of a local pageant from about 40 feet away, using only the stage lights (no flash), zoomed in and came out like I was taking them from on stage. It's nice to know I can take wedding photos in a church, without noise or flash, spoiling the moment! I Love my Canon sx260. I received within 5 days from Amazon!
camera|This is wonderful camera. I bought it just before going on a trip and the pictures turned out excellent. It is easy to use, the battery lasts a long time, and the images are very sharp with great colors. Highly recommend this product.
camera|Having briefly defected to try a Nikon S9300, I am happy to be back in the Canon family. SX 260 gives me everything I am looking for in this family of cameras. I have yet to find a feature of the SX 260 that disappoints. I am picky and it it's great!
camera|Insane zoom on this thing. Makes my DSLRs jealous, especially with how little it weighs. It makes some very nice photos, especially in the right hands. Great for a little PaS to walk around with or to make yourself look touristy so people won't be unnerved when you start taking photos. Sometimes people don't like it when you whip out a pro-body camera with a two foot lens... or any pro-body. Suddenly, you're a terrorist or predator. Whacky.
camera|I've been a long-time Canon user. When I decided to update my camera, I did my research and the SX260HS came up as one of the best options. I bought it in October from Amazon, and have used it for a couple months now. All in all, I absolutely hate this camera. Among other things - such as a ridiculously short battery life - the pictures are horrible.People in the side or top of the photo have either warped faces or elongated heads. If people are moving, they show up as a blurry 'streak' in the photo. Looking at my recent Christmas photos, I'd say that maybe 1 out of 10 actually turned out. (and yes, I've checked the settings twice now, and they seem to be correct)I'm going to call Canon, as maybe it's a mechanical issue that's under warranty - you never know. But as it stands right now, I would absolutely 100% not recommend this camera to anyone.(UPDATE: Following the above review, I sent it in for warranty work. Appears there was a problem with the camera, which would probably account for the problems I was experiencing. For their part, Canon's warranty process was excellent, and I got my camera back VERY quickly. Haven't really used it since, so can't comment on how a properly-functioning camera works.)(UPDATE #2: Had a chance to use it during spring break. The outdoor pictures (sunshine, blue sky, etc) are amazing. The indoor pictures (with and without a flash) still don't seem that good. Still some blurry streaks, out of focus, and quite a delay from when you press the button & it takes the picture. Sorry, still can't recommend this camera.)
camera|I use this as my walk-about pocket camera. The zoom is flippin' amazing, and the quality of the images it turns in are VERY good. It is JPEG-only (Bummer!) so you lose highlights in clouds and can't bring up shadows like you can in a RAW image, but hey, its a pocket camera, right?PROS:Amazing zoomFits in a pocketcovers its own Lens when you shut it offit has the normal canon setting modes: P/T/V/Myou can set aperture and speedHigh ISO (over 1000) looks ok.did I mention the zoom?CONS:The on/off button is a little temperamental when I want to quickly reopen it - but that could just be me.It is a-l-m-o-s-t a little small for my older, larger hands.Summary:It's the best point-and-shoot I've ever owned. Yes, I prefer to shoot with a Canon 5DII or III. But I sure prefer slipping this guy in my pocket to lashing a DSLR around my neck. And the best camera for a photo? THE ONE YOU HAVE WITH YOU! And I always have this one.Canon - give me RAW and its perfect....
camera|I bought this because I was looking for a camera with good zoom but that was smaller than my bulky ultra zoom. This camera fits the bill. It is small enough that even in its case I can slip it into my purse, which is average in size, not small but not huge either. I do not use it daily so battery life is not a real issue for me. I have taken hundreds of pics and a few videos and even with reviewing them I still have battery left. I carry an extra battery just in case but usually I can take all the pics I need with one battery. The zoom is great. I have found the 20x is adequate for my needs so this camera works perfectly. Picture quality is great. I do find sometimes I have to refocus though as it focuses on something other than my subject. The color is definitely more of a pink rather than red. The only real issue I have had is the flash, which I believe others have mentioned. Sometimes I find my finger over the flash when it wants to pop up. Being a small camera though there was only so many places they could put the flash I suppose. I have not used all of the features, mostly auto which works great.In summary if you are looking for a small camera with good zoom and picture quality then this may be the camera for you. I really like it.
camera|Great point and shoot camera with a great 20x Zoom. I've gotten many shots that could pass for professional and look like they were taken with an SLR.I would definitely recommend it to anyone.
camera|I purposely bought this camera and housing for SCUBA. After spending $100 to $1,400 on cameras, I was stunned to see how great the pictures and videos came out. The description of all the other functions of this camera are listed, but I think the first reviewer here nailed the camera's qualities. It is an easy point `n shoot camera with some extras. The GPS is a gimmick, but it does work well in placing your photos if you want to display them on GOOGLE Earth. However, the housing restricts that feature. The 12.1 megapixels are great for even posters or flat screen televisions (I use mine through my Blu-ray disc player for YOUTUBE). The function set, display, menu and the dial are all easy and intuitive. The zoom is remarkably steady (I recommend a small tripod). I've never cared for Optical Zoom, but the 20X works as well as any.This is really a remarkable camera for the price. I have yet to test the stereo microphones, but I can imagine that for the family filmmaker, this might be fun to watch and listen to on a television with stereo speakers. The software that is included is also very simple but important. The features are numerous and it's nice to have something that directly deals with the camera features other than just `Windows Movie Maker&#34;. If you ski, snorkel or particularly SCUBA, you will love this camera.
camera|Was in need of a compact camera with good image quality and powerful zoom. This camera has it all. The image processing is great with very stable and clear pictures even with maximum zoom. Very impressive! The only draw back is the lack of night image capturing mode.
camera|This is my 7th point shot camera. Canon know well produce user friendly products. Especially one shot dijital cameras.Picture is brilliant also camera quality same as handcam devices at daytime. Ergonomy is very good.I thing this is the best one-shot product.
camera|I went to the store to specifically buy this camera. I was so disappointed when the LCD screen went out after about 34 days. I contacted canon and they wanted me to send in the camera, but who wants to go days/weeks without their camera, especially around the holidays, so i took it back to the store. They exchanged it for me. I noticed that both cameras have difficulty when trying to view the photos and with the second one when i tried to delete photos it froze and eventually corrupted the files on my memory card. The camera is slow to take pics and the video quality is poor. I thought that maybe I just got a lemon the first time, but I have a feeling its just a matter of time before the new one breaks just like the first. So this one is going back too. I buy a new camera ever 1-2 years and they have all been Canon, this is the first time that I've ever really had an issue. I'll prob still buy a canon, just not this one.
camera|Ok, so I received this camera for my birthday, and I must say, this camera is freaking awesome!! The manual controls are perfect, and there are priority modes for you to practice manual, where you can set the apeture and the camera sets the others automatically, etc. The automatic settings produce incredible image quality. There are really cool effects available, which included but are not limited to: miniature mode, toy mode, poster effect, color exchange. Color exchange is cool: you choose the color of an object, and apply it to another object!!! I could make my eyes brown or black. I could turn my couch purple. It is pretty awesome.The only con is the GPS feature. Why is there so much hype about it?? As far as I can tell, it gives you the COORDINATES of your location, it does NOT put your location on a world or country or state/providence map!! I was in washington dc, and when I took pictures I wanted them to be labeled as photos taken in Washington D.C. Instead, they were labeled with coordinates!! Pointless. Thank god I have an excuse to turn it off, to save battery life (which really isn't all that bad).I know I didn't cover all of the features/specs of this camera, but there are unlimited things about this camera, I could happily rave about it forever.If you have any comments about the camera, critiques about my reviews, or any questions about the camera or my review, say so in the comments to this review.
camera|I had read all the reviews and had carefully chosen this camera due to size, zoom and photo quality and features. Because warned regarding the video, I specifically ordered this camera in 2 different colors, hoping that one of them would be "perfect." The picture quality is fabulous, but BOTH of them have an obvious and annoying squeal to the video. Even though I'm getting it primarily as a camera and don't currently take a ton of video, I would certainly like the product that I am purchasing to function as it should. To be specific, I ordered one red and one green. Both were made in Japan. Sadly, I am going to return them and must continue with my search.
camera|This is by far the best point and shoot camera I have ever owned, great zoom & with a little adjustments it takes awesome pictures, if you are int he market for a great point and shoot camera you should definitely consider this.
camera|I purchased this camera after doing hours of exhausting online research. I wanted and affordable, but not cheap, camera built by a reputable manufacturer. The pros of this camera would be that it is compact, feels solid, rubber grip, excellent picture quality, AMAZING speed compared to the Sony it replaced, rechargeable battery(a personal must have), a large viewing area and it has a built-in feature that protects the lens without the need of a cap.The only con we have found is that the flash comes up out of the body right about where my fiancee and I rest our fingers on top of the camera.
camera|This is the highest rated camera on Amazon and I'm not sure why. The price point is nice. The picture quality is good, but it is so slow! I called Canon to find out if it was broken and they said it's just really that slow in low light. It was fine outsite, but in any kind of low light it took several seconds between pictures. Very annoying! I returned it and got a different camera.
camera|I bought this for my daughter for Christmas and thought it was the perfect gift. Unfortunately, there is a very distinct buzzing or white noise sound on the video feature. We sent it back to try again and the second camera had the same problem. She is a college student and really wanted to be able to take videos and pictures so we returned and are still searching.
camera|I upgraded to this camera from my nine years-old Canon S1IS, so of course I was blown away in many ways by this camera, including by the size and ease of using the LCD, the speed, the size of the camera, the power and stabilization of the zoom and generally speaking the sharpness and richness of color of the photos I can get out of it. I very nearly returned it, though, and have resigned myself to it with mixed feelings. Because there are so many options to tweedle with that I'm not sure I've mastered them, I won't lay down an absolute verdict on everything that dissatisfies me about the camera, but I have to let out a yowl over the funhouse mirror effect in the corners of the wide-angle images. People's hair-dos and heads splurge into the corners like lava lamp blobs, and I find myself having to throw away some of my favorite compositions (unless you like the cliche tourist snapshot with your subjects centered against that sunset or mountain range, you want to frame them toward the side, in which case, you can take the shot but won't want to show it to anybody who knows the person in the upper left or right hand corner). The auto-white balance is very untrustworthy indoors, the default the colors are surreally intense and over warm (as has become the standard it seems) and to my surprise the artificial intelligence can't tell you're under trees on an overcast day, so I have to stop down in order not to overexpose my photos. Even though there are many options, there is no mode that gives you all of them, so you don't get to take advantage of everything you might like. I find I can't easily stay away from the high ASA settings, over which the sharpness drops steeply. Partly it's just a slow lens even at wide angle, but also it seems pumping up the ASA to 1200 or higher is the camera's favorite way to get the exposure right. I also miss the spot-focus/spot-metering button of my old Canon (you have to enter the everything menu to do anything), and wish it either told me or had a stop mid-zoom for the equivalent of a standard lens (i.e. neither fish-eye nor telephoto). What else? It's not nearly so small and light as the less zoomy point-and-shoots--I was particularly surprised by how heavy it is--and it's just absurd how you're forced to hold the camera to avoid blocking the popup flash (fortunately for me, I don't use flash much, and just set it to off). Still, the thing is a marvel. As every reviewer says, you get a lot for the compromise it represents.
camera|After a few months.1. It's primary feature is the 20X optical that allows for some good photos of birds and wildlife. I've had some great results from such a small, inexpensive camera.2. Defeat the digital zoom. It provides nothing but an unstable image. With optical defeated, you can run it accurately to max optical (getting optimum resolution) and then crop your images later, as desired.3. This camera is way too complex; especially without a printed manual.Trying to find what you want in a .pdf on your computer is not user friendly. Without a hard copy to carry in the field, your learning curve is way longer.
camera|This is a great camera, if you want a large zoom and need a compact body that will fit in your pocket.This camera had two major competitors when I was deciding what to buy: the Canon S100 (+ larger sensor, + larger max aperture, - less zoom, - more expensive) and the Panasonic ZS20 (+ touch screen, - shorter zoom). I didn't put the Sony HX20 in the 'race' because I found it's image quality to be subpar, although it seems to have better video capability (which is not rather important to me), nor the Nikon S9300, because of it's lack of manual controls (PASM).After a lot of research and some quick hands-on experience (I was lucky to find some people who let me use their cameras for a short while), it was very difficult to choose - all three are GREAT pocket cameras.I'm not a touch-screen type of person, I have big fingers, and I find it easier to navigate using buttons, specially in shaky environments (moving vehicles and such), but I have to agree that the Panasonic ZS20 has a cleaner working area.In the end, I valued the zoom range more than the larger sensor, so I had to drop the Canon S100. If I shot more indoors, and had a deeper pocket, the S100 would have a far better chance.After some pixel-peeping and *very* close inspection, I decided that the pictures from the Canon SX260 had a slightly better contrast and color vibrance than the ones from the Panasonic ZS20.In the end, they both performed great, yielding fantastic pictures and videos, most of them keepers. I ended up choosing the Canon SX260, mainly because it felt better in my hands, its price was a bit lower and the zoom reached a tad farther than the ZS20.Now for the ugly part: Amazon has a terrible habit of pushing its prices through the roof when their inventory is low - when I was in the market for the camera, the price here was $279, and everywhere else was $229 or lower. I finally got it at $209 at a flash sale, at Walmart. Once again, shame on you, Amazon! I would have waited, had you just told me 'more are on their way', and offered me a better price.----------------------------------Update - March 23rd 2013: I have shot over 500 pictures with my camera, and although I already knew that battery life was rather short, I didn't realize exactly what that meant. I had to change batteries during a party, because they go dead all of a sudden. This brings me to the second and third points: buy extra batteries (2 Pack Battery Kit For Canon PowerShot SX260 HS, SX260HS, Canon PowerShot SX500 IS, SX500IS Digital Camera Includes 2 Extended Replacement (1200Mah) NB-6L Batteries + LCD Screen Protectors + MicroFiber Cleaning Cloth are great, and cheap), and install CDHK in your SD card - you'll be able to shoot RAW images, use bracketing, live histograms, control your battery life and much more.All in all, this is the best pocket camera I have used in years!
camera|The main reason i bought this camera was because of the zoom range and that's why iam giving it 1 star cause the zoom of this camera is terrible and extremely difficultto take a picture the second con is the handling its very uncomfortable with no grip and that stupid pop up flash pops up right were you put your finger i ended up with the Panasonic zs15 and i am very happy with that camerai highly recommend it to anyone looking for a good travel zoom camerawhatever your new camera will be ENJOY IT
camera|I was so excited to receive this Canon SX260 after reading rave reviews from owners and digital camera websites. I wanted a camera to slip into my pocket (sort of) that would take good quick photos, and this seemed to fit that description. The camera is blazing fast to start, focus, shoot, flash, reshoot, wireless transfer, and just feels well balanced and sturdy.Too bad the pics are soft and fuzzy. I took over 400 photos in the first couple of days: inside, outside, macro, telephoto, portraits, candids, and some on a tripod to verify what my eyes were telling me.Regardless of lighting conditions, this camera just does not take crisp photos. On a tripod to reduce the possibility of movement, the photos are beautifully color balanced, just nothing is sharp in the photos. I let other people look at the photos on my computer and on my HDTV. The same comments over and over, "I can't figure out where the camera is focused. There isn't any place that is sharp."I'll continue to use my old Sony DSC-H5. Slower (a lot!), with lower resolution (7.2MP), but the photos it takes are much sharper and stand-up to zooming and cropping for prints. I took some test photos side-by-side with the H5 and this SX260. Hands down, the H5 takes better pics, even if it is slower to use.Maybe it is the new sensors?
camera|After hunting for a long time I finally settled on this camera. I wanted a camera with great picture quality, but small enough to take on walks and night outings.+ Picture quality, features, zoom, software & size.- Tad heavy, flash in a silly position.
camera|As other reviewers have noted, this camera's flash pops out suddenly right under your left fingers. This would be ok if there was another way to hold the camera, but there is no ridge and not enough space on the camera body on the left side for your fingers. The 20x zoom is amazing, and the focus and stabilization seems to work very well even when zoomed all the way. The manual settings are the same as in other comparable point and shoots, and nothing special. All in all, this camera was a disappointment and I returned it.
camera|We have taken some very nice pics of our kids outdoors, but the indoor pics have disappointed us. I have an old Canon 4MP camera that's about six years old that's better indoors. The flash photos are slow, in my opinion, and the photos did not look like they came from the same camera as the pics we took of our kids playing in the backyard. I'm no camera buff and have not owned an SLR since the film days, so I don't pretend to be an expert. Just want to share my experiences as someone who bought this for an all-around-use camera. It's too heavy to put in a pocket or even for long hikes, so really I wish I had just spent some more money and bought one of the higher-end cameras. If I am not using it as a compact camera anyway, something a bit larger and more ergonomic would have been better. Plus - and this is my fault - I should have gone by Target or somewhere and felt the camera - a mistake I won't make again. I bought this because it was rated highly on Amazon and by a consumer magazine, but overall think I should have spent the extra $100 and moved up. I would suggest putting any camera in your hands before you buy it - lesson learned.If you want a camera with a nice zoom to take outdoor pics of your kids, this is a good one, but for birthday parties and other indoor uses, based on my personal experience here my suggestion is look elsewhere, as the speed and quality of the flash photos left us disappointed. We are keeping this, though, because for $200 it is still a good deal based on the zoom/outdoor capabilities - just not the all-around camera we were looking for.
camera|I bought this camera due to the good reviews, and the camera does live up to its reviews. Nice quality pictures for an amateur like me. Easy to set up, I took pictures mostly of my dog and my backyard, and they came up really good, both in good light and low light. So why did I only give it 3 out of 5 starts? I just can't stand the flash poping out on me whenever it decides to, because that's where my finger is as I'm holding the camera. More often than not it startles me and I almost dropped the camera once or twice. It became so annoying that it had to go back. This is a problem with a lot of cameras which are otherwise very good, and I am very disapointed by the flash location. My old Panasonic has the built in flash that always shows and doesn't pop up on its own. I wish I could keep it as I otherwise really liked it.
camera|Looking forward to printing the picture to see if the resolution from the screen is what shows on the prints.
camera|I tried this camera, the Sony HX10 and the Panasonic ZS20, and ended up returning this camera. All three take excellent pictures. The Canon may look the best at the pixel peeping level but at a normal printing level, there is very little difference. The flash is in a very awkward location on both the SX260 and the Sony. Panasonic has the best flash location. The SX260 had by far the worst battery life among the 3 cameras. It also has arguably the worst movie mode and fewer features such as sweep panorama, 3D, etc. Of the 3, I was most impressed overall by the Sony.
camera|It is good deal. I am happy for bought it. it is very handful and easy to use. And powerful.
camera|This review may have something to do with all the time I spent reading camera ratings, or the fact that I was left with crappy pictures and video on Christmas morning; but a camera labeled as a &#34;travel-zoom&#34;, needs to be able to TRAVEL. Durability, and build quality should be guaranteed. Looking at other bad reviews, this appears to be a common problem.
camera|The pictures appear to be out of focus, could be caused by my tremor. My older Nikon took better pictures. At this price just satisfactory.
camera|The camera takes OK pictures, but it's so slow. I have a class 16gb 10 SDXC card in it, and it still takes too long for the next picture. Get the shot on the first try, or you miss out.
camera|After using my Canon SX260 on a trip to the southwest my overall impression of the camera is very good. However, I do think they could make a few improvements. The major complaint I have is the flash. It is in a very poor location. When holding the camera my left hand usually restricts the flash from popping up and even when it is up, it is difficult to hold the camera without interfering with the flash. Also there is no way to force the flash on for fill in light in the Auto mode (you only have a choice of auto or off). You have to change to one of the manual modes to get the choice of flash on, auto and off.
camera|Great little camera. The pictures turn out great, easy to use on auto. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because it really should come with a manual. I do not know who's bright idea that was but I hope other manufacturers do not follow. I would probably reconsider this purchase if I had known how much I need a manual. This camera has a lot more settings than my old Canon and its harder to learn when you can not look at at manual and you can"t take your computer with you on vacation to glance at.
camera|I'm very happy with this camera. Its a bit bigger than my old SD1100 but still a compact size. The zoom is excellent but it has a bit of difficulty focusing on objects when fully zoomed. The quality of the pictures when indoors and in low light is really grainy. Other than that i'm really happy with this item.
camera|The camera seems OK, for the most part, if all you want is an expensive point-and-shoot camera. However, the main purpose for which I purchased this camera was to have geo-tagged images from GPS.The GPS receiver on the SX260 HS is so weak or whimpy that it surely doesn't pick up a signal indoors, and even outdoors it often fails. On the other hand, I have multiple iPhones and they get a strong GPS signal anywhere and everywhere, even in the basement.I called Canon (800-652-2666) and they played dumb. I asked for a Level 2 or Level 3 technician. They said they have none. The tech (Richard) that I did speak with said anything could cause interference... "Even if you are standing near a tree, it can block the signal." Where I live in rural Wisconsin, when aren't I near a tree?If you want geo-tagging from GPS, don't count on the PowerShot SX260 HS. The GPS receiver is a toy.
camera|I have experimented with several compact superzooms (Panasonic ZS19, Sony Cybershot DSC HX20V and HX9V, Samsung WB750, Nikon Coolpix S9100, Casio Exilim EX ZR100) and I can say Canon gets the basics right better than the others. It feels thinner and lighter than most compact superzooms (though Panasonic is technically the most compact as the Canon's lens assembly is not flush with the body). The flash is pop-up (unlike Panasonic, Casio, Samsung) but there is reasonable amount of space to rest your fingers behind it. It does pop up automatically (unlike the way Nikon does it) and you can't push it back down with your finger (another thing I expect from pop up flashes). Even with the pop up flash there were way too many white spots in nightime photos. The optical image stabilization works well and photos come out nice even with 20x optical zoom fully extended. The 'Live' mode is an interesting novelty as it allows you to adjust colors before you take a photo, though the default setting results in the most natural colors. My daylight videos were just fine even though many reviewers believe Canon to be behind competition in this department. I liked the external charging unit which doesn't require the USB cord and allows the camera to be used with another battery while the first one is being charged. The context sensitive menus are easy to navigate.The biggest disappointment was lack of in camera Panorama mode. Canon instead has a stich assist mode which allows you to align multiple snaps and use supplied software to manually put together a panoramic image on your computer. I'd suggest Canon incorporate Casio style in-camera panorama mode, the best implementation I have seen so far. The ability to take 3D pictures would be nice as well. I don't care much about GPS and Wifi in camera's but lack of panorama mode and 3D images puts this overall nice camera which gets the basics right behind the others in terms of capabilities.
camera|It's a super wow... I'm so in love with this camera. I love it when it's come to downloading the pictures to my computer it rotates the picture by itself. I like the zooming feature also and the pictures are so alive and so clear...
camera|I am very pleased with the performance of this camera. Great quality, easy to use, and compact. Perfect for my upcoming Europe trip! Can't wait to capture Beautiful memories.
camera|Like it very much,Video good,Photo also good,Zoom in / out nice.Overall this is a good product I lkie
camera|I bought this camera at a bestbuy in new york city while I was on vacation because my other camera (CANON G12) broke. I was able to use this camera just fine for 2 weeks while I was on vacation, but when I got home, something must've happened because the LCD screen turned off and started blacking out in the middle of the screen. It was the weirdest thing, but I was just very disappointed in the craftmanship in this camera. I'm glad it was within the 30 days so I was able to get a full refund. But for a $300 camera I feel like this shouldn't have happened, I didn't even drop it, I only used it for 2 weeks!!
camera|I owned a Canon Powershot SX230 hs and the SX260 was given to me from Canon as a replacement for the SX230 when I began experiencing problems with that camera and sent it in to factory service, in which not all concerns were resolved. Although I only had the SX230 for a couple of months and the SX260 is supposed to be an upgraded version of that camera, I preferred the SX230. The pictures taken with the SX260 are extremely bright and untrue in color, even with the lcd display turned down to the lowest setting. There are supposed to be over 50 settings for the camera to choose from in AUTO mode; however, I've only seen a few of the icons displaying which setting the camera is using, and each time, it's been incorrect for the scene. I have two girls, ages 3 & 5. I was told by a Canon Rep that this camera would take excellent action shots of the kids. I have yet to get one. The pictures turn out completely distorted and blurry if there is any movement. The camera has also not detected that I'm trying to take a picture of children (as that is one of the icons, as is a child in motion). Basically, I am now stuck with a camera that I absolutely hate. I used to take daily pictures of my kids and now I take only a couple every couple of weeks. I have tried using different settings and although some do turn out well, it's going to be very difficult for anyone else to pick up this camera and use it, so pictures of me with my kids are out. I am extremely disappointed and just want the SX230 back, but it was discontinued. I actually had Canon send me a second SX260 since I felt mine was defective, but I got the same results with that one. We're getting ready to go on our first family vacation to visit relatives, go to Disney, and to the beach. I am worried about getting any good shots. I must also note that the Kids & Pets, and Beach settings are not included on this camera.
camera|the camera takes great pictures in light & dark conditions but I find it hard to hold when the flash attachment pops up and its somewhat difficult to operate different situations.I still like my Kodak easyshare Z915 better.
camera|camera is more than I expected very happy with it and super easy to use for a camera dummy like me
camera|I bought this camera for my wife with high expectations - I already have Canon SLR and with this I was hoping to get something handy which will take Canon quality decent pictures but with added 20x zoom.Unfortuantely even in P mode, the pictures come in with slightly yellowish greenish tinge! I've tried all kinds of settings but it hasn't helped.I was able to get better pictures in Shutter Priority (Tv) and Aperture Priority (Av) modes without the problem - but that's not what I wanted from a camera for my wife.Other other major design issue is the pop-up flash - it sits right at a place where you would hold the camera at - don't know how it got thru Canon's QA!Overall, If I knew these issues - I wouldn't have bought the camera.
camera|I bought sx150 and sx260 in a gap of 2 months. I see mostly things are same in both except the zoom. For people with less experience in photography this might be little complex. Better go with sx150 which is damn cheap now a days. Then people with some more experience will love this one. Maybe people who understand photography its the best choice.
camera|I am a big fanon Canon and this is another great camera from them. It is going to take me a while to get over the loss of an optical view finder but I expect that will happen. In the meantime, it takes great photos and HD videos.
camera|Quality product that has 20x optical zoom in a compact form. Quality product that has 20x optical zoom in a compact form.
camera|I really love this camera it takes great pictures, just one thing I loathe the stupid placement of the so called flash feature, just where your finger wants to be to hold the camera. I mean in this day and age why does it even need a pop up flash anyway?
camera|Nothing special, just another camera! I'm sure that if I read up on it a little more, I'll find that it has more features that my current camera has!
camera|This was is a Christmas gift for my wife. She loves cameras and picked this one. I guess she likes it.
camera|I've have prior versions of this camera. I love how compact it is and each year Canon keeps expanding the reach of the telephoto...now at 20X!. That said, i am sad that the feature that allows you to just pick up one color leaving the rest of the background in black and white seems to have been removed from this camera (at least i can't find it). That feature allowed for some very interesting photos.
camera|The website (Amazon.com) stated on the date I ordered the camera I would get a free memory card, hoping that the memory card comes w/ the camera. I just like things to be as promised. Can not wait to get my camera
camera|I'm no expert. But this is a decent device.Still plenty to explore. I wish it could be lighter. That's it.!
camera|I'm not sure what Canon did with this camera.There's not a single photo of people (potrait) that doesn't have some blurring in the photo. It's like the camera applied a "Make up mask" to the people skin, that is SO anoying.I bought this to replace a Canon SD700, that was MUCH better than this SX260.Used it to take indoor pictures in Christmas and New-Year's hollidays, and the pictures are crap.
camera|I bought this camera for a trip to Europe, and was utterly delighted with it... until I was in London and suddenly discovered the lens wouldn't open and shut properly, because the little metal plate over the iris had gotten bent in so it touched the shutter iris blades. This happened while the camera was in its case in my pocket!!! A lovely man at the local camera store used a pair of pliers to do a quick fix, and the camera (although a bit the worse for wear, cosmetically) worked fine for the rest of the trip.Last week I sent the camera to Canon for repair, with an initial estimate of no charge to me... but yesterday they told me they were going to charge me $250 to fix it or replace it with a refurbished model. Needless to say I was shocked -- especially because the damage was the direct result of the inherently fragile design of the shutter assembly. I told them just to send it back to me, and I'm just hoping it still works when I get it back. I've never had anything like this happen before, and certainly not with a camera that was brand new!In the future I will certainly think twice before buying any Canon product, and I will examine the sturdiness of any camera's design much more closely. And yes, I will probably pony up the bucks for that &#34;super-warranty,&#34; because the Canon warranty is not worth the cost of the paper it's printed on.
camera|I bought this camera new from a reputable shopping website. Arrived inappropriately boxed with rattle inside box. Set up charge & camera, & worked with the video 3 times, chatting all the way through for the microphone to record in stereo. I must have gotten a dud because not only did I not have the "squeal" everyone has noted, but also didn't have the audio on playback, either. No sound whatsoever, even with my chatty voice. It's a brand new camera with a hefty price, so can't figure out why it continues to have problems. No, didn't mess with the controls before the video, just started the video with the correct button. Video was nice with bright colors, but still wanted some sound. Of course, had to return it and it was nice as I got the green one. Going back to Nikon.
camera|I just purchased this camera used it for a couple of days while it does take great photos the flash is located right where you hold the camera. I even had others take photos and they kept putting their finger right where the flash pops up. Due to this I am returning it not sure why Canon would place flash in an area that your finger would be placed.
camera|I recommend Canon digital cameras before I would recommend any other brand. I have been buying Canon products for several years now and they consistently take great pictures and are very user friendly. The battery life is also very good. However, if I had one complaint, it would be that the camera is a fragile. I dropped my powershot during vacation and it was gone. Dead. The shutter was smashed in. I have since replaced my camera, but I was a bit disappointed by its low durability.
camera|It not right in Low light...Inside shots are yellow if you put on a light....Very slow to go to the next shot....Heavy for a camera of this size.....and whom ever designed the flash was not right in life.....it's very confusing to get the right settings..You never know what you have....I've had it two weeks and if I was the type to send it back it would have went back two days after I received it....Short battery life...!Pros Pictures are Ok....Now....if you buy this camera, like me you deserve it! Please Amazon call me to give me a refund!
camera|camera doesn't seem to live up to its reputation, pictures are not real clear. Thinking of sending it back. I have an older Kodak and the quality is much better than the new Canon. Learned a hard lesson, not the cameras fault it was the type of print I had, will be more careful next time. Camera is doing fine.
camera|I was very excited to order this camera because I have had great experiences with Canon Powershot cameras; however, this camera was a dissappointment. I used the camera mostly on Auto. Many of my pictures were blurry with very minimal movement which is surprising since the camera says it has "image stabilzation".
camera|I recently purchased this Canon SX260HS from a retail store. I have a Canon SX110IS which I have owned for 4 years and have been very happy with. I had been looking for a camera that will do some short hi-definition videos. The SX260HS has 12 megapixels, 20x optical zoom and HD video at 1920 x 1080. After taking it home and trying it out, I found the pictures and video quality to be breathtaking. The photo and video detail was absolutely amazing......BUT......there was this annoying constant high pitched squeal that was just loud enough to drown out the sound of birds chirping in the distance or other "not so loud" noises. You could hear it whether playing back the video either in the camera or on the computer. The only time you might not notice the constant squeal was if the video was being shot in a very noisy area. After paying about $360 for the camera, I decided to take it back to the store. I'll wait after reading many many more reviews before I make my next camera purchase. For now, I am happy with my very QUIET playback SX110IS, even if it isn't high definition.
camera|I will ad to this review in time.Disappointments:*Claims 240 fps high speed video. HELLO! This only works when the video resolution is 320 x 240.... This video is for a cell phone and is a JOKE.*Flash pops up where your left hand index finger lays. If the flash pops up while holding it, the flash stops half way up and a message pops up telling you that you must restart the camera... bad bad...*I can not see any difference in wither jpg compression.More to come
camera|Need more infomation in description of the Canon PowerShot SX 260 HS as to what comeswith it. I for one didn't know that a battery and charger and cable for down loadingcame with the camera. Because I didn't know I ordered a charger and 2 batteries thruAmazon,and searched for a long time for a cable here localley only to find out uponthe arrival of the camera that the afore said items came with it. You need to add theitems that come with the camera to the description including the disc. Other than theproblem I just mentioned the camera seems to be a great investment.Thank you.
camera|Haven't used it that much, feels very sturdy and if you have already used a Canon like me you already know everything is ,,The price was so right!
camera|Not as good as last one. I wish it had a paper instruction book cause my pictures inside are blurry and I don't know how to fix that. Love the zoom.
camera|This is a Canon. For me, that means tradition. Everyone in my family has a Canon. Even my in-laws had Canons, which was ironic. So when my previous orange Canon got submerged in water and stopped working, I looked for another Canon. First off, this is not a deep red. It has some pink mixed in. Guys, it's not a masculine-looking camera. Second, the pictures come out clear...as long as they are not blurry. I thought this little problem might be fixed since the write-up bragged that it was, but apparently not. You still get A LOT of blurry pictures, which is not just the fault of the user. I can be holding completely still, the flash will not go off in a dim place, and voila, a blurry picture. I still haven't figured out the manual options for the camera. The instruction book that came with it is vague and doesn't even begin to touch the myriad of potential options this camera seems to offer. Which leaves me, the inexperienced, unprofessional user, with a normal point and click camera that does nothing extraordinary for the price. Sad for me. A professional could probably work magic on this little device that still takes good pictures as long as everything is perfect. It is compact, which is nice for sticking in a purse to capture those little moments that may come unexpectedly. Guys, go for a different color. Seriously. But do enjoy this camera because it is still a Canon, and I think a Canon is still the best point and click camera for amateurs like me.
camera|If you are in the market for a dependable camera from a manufacturer that stands behinds it products, do NOT consider the Canon Powershot SX260HX (or anything else by Canon for that matter). I just had a horrible experience. We purchased the SX 260 about six weeks in advance of our once-in-a-lifetime European vacation so that I could thoroughly learn the features of the camera. Lo and behold, three days into the vacation, the display dies. I understand that this may have been a fluke and that all man-made products are subject to breakage, although this DOES seriously call into question Quality Control at Canon. But what REALLY enraged me was the way Canon chose to stand behind their product and make it right (which they didn't in any meaningful way). So I repeat, if you are in the market for a dependable camera from a company that stands behind their products, I suggest you look at Nikkon, Sony, anybody but Canon. I for one will NEVER spend another dime on any Canon product.
camera|I did not care much for this camera. I am by no means a pro, but I am no amature either. I bought my first camera in the 5th grade and I have always been the one who takes lots and lots of pictures. This is the most I have ever spent on a camera and I expected excellent pictures all the time. For the most part, they were a little blurry and looked like there was a fog. Sometimes I held the button down and couldnt get the picture to take. Maybe I had it set up a weird way and I just didnt know how to use it properly. But I went ahead and returned it. I am going to look for a more simple point-and-shoot camera with a good zoom. I gave this camera 3 stars only because a few of the shots I took came out very good. And like I said, maybe I just wasnt doing something right or had it on a different mode without knowing.The zoom was GREAT though!
camera|I am stunned that this camera has such high ranking feedback. I assume the picture quality is very good (I've yet to download and see my photos.) The issue is--TAKING THE PHOTOS! Good luck. There's multiple huge issues: The mechanical FLASH is placed exactly where most people hold the camera with their left hand. The shutter release button is right next to the Power on/off switch on the right side top of the camera. AGAIN? After All These Years!? How long have digital cameras been around now? I remember having this crazy-making issue (accidentally shutting the camera off rather than snapping the photo) on cameras years and years ago. After inadvertenly shutting the camera off, now you have the ten second restart cycle and the picture is gone. WHY HAS CANON NOT LEARNED THIS? (Yes, the power button is shaped differently. So what? When taking a picture, one's left and right brain are most likely occupied with the subject and the picture.) I'll tell you why the on/off button is next to the shutter--because the engineers put it there and do not care about what the consumers/users want or need. It's a classic example of "The Inmates Are Running the Asylum: Why High Tech Products Drive Us Crazy and How to Restore the Sanity"--This is a book written over ten years ago and available here on Amazon. BTW, I am an engineer with an MSEE---I know when I see tech decisions that totally ignore common street smarts. (I owned a Ford Explorer where the change holder was immediately next to the CD player cartridge door. Coins would fall into the player and destroy it. Ford's solution---they placed a sticker on the CD player which read: DO NOT DROP COINS INTO THE CD PLAYER--making it YOUR PROBLEM.) 'pretty bad, but it really gets worse. The brilliant, crack engineering team put the flash unit (which mechanically rises out of the camera) on the exact opposite (top left) side of the camera, where most everybody (symmetrically) holds the camera. Your right hand/finger are on the right at the shutter/power button, and your left hand/finger are now on the left side, covering the flash unit. SHAME ON YOU! So what happens? You're trying to get a picture off---you're lucky enough not to shut the camera off with the power button, then the flash struggles to pop up through your finger...then it jams. Not only is the picture lost---but it gets user-unfriendly WORSE from here. The camera's software now goes into an error mode. The flash can no longer be used with the camera. An ERROR MESSAGE comes up on the screen telling you that you must restart the camera before the FLASH can be used again. WOW!! I'm writing this from the floor. Really? Imagine if airline software or even automobile software was written this way. You'd have to pull off the road and restart the car because you didn't get your seatbelt on right. WHY can't the software itself reboot without your attention? BTW: Canon's solution to this: MAKE IT YOUR PROBLEM: In the instruction manual they tell you how you should hold the camera---palm down under the bottom. Really? Good thing Canon does not (re)design forks or knives. We'd be holding them in some foreign way. So now, again, you are in a power-recycle mode trying to get a picture taken. FRUSTRATING frustrating FRuStRaTiNg! We want to take pictures of our ACTIVE five year old. The reason I bought this specific camera after hours of research was because its response time was supposedly quick. We completely miss the shots with all this nonsense---and guess what? Its response time is miserable anyway---pathetic---even if you manage to get your fingers in all of the right places. Lastly (in the physically ridiculous department) the battery goes in MORE EASILY backwards. One needs to struggle to get it in correctly. It's easier to "plop" it in backwards. You only then know it's backwards because it will not seat the remaining 5% of the way down. YIKES again! I am so disappointed with this design-disaster. I believe the optical/electronic engineers did their job, but the interface engineers were out to lunch. Shameful---after years and years of people using cameras, they ignore how people use cameras and the booby traps that they so easily fall into. I want to cry or smack a designer after all of the time and trouble I put into choosing this camera FOR MY WIFE for Christmas. Rather than showing her how easy it is to use, I have to show her the many things to avoid, watch out for, and how to RECOVER from the problem once engaged. Sad.
camera|Overall I am satisfied with the quality of this camera. I wish that it took better pictures in less light, as they ALWAYS come out blurry. But as far as everything else, it is easy to use, takes great pictures in average light or outdoors, takes them quickly so I miss less moments, and I am overall happy with it.
camera|Just not what I really wanted in a camera. The zoom function is a little wonky and takes too long to focus.
camera|It was a good camera but was expecting a better quality pictures than what it gave me. Good uasability as far as I experienced it.
camera|I was Very happy with my new camera when suddenly two months after I bought it, The LCD display began failing. I saw everything black and couldn't see the picture through it (even though it took the photograph).... So now I have to tap it several times for it to work as if it was a really old camera! I'm so dissapointed!, and I think I can't return it anymore because I no longer hace the original packaging and everything.
camera|I love the camera. Everything about it expect the charger stop working after the second time I used it. I had to get a new charger for it. As well as, I just hated how long it took to get to me. It took over 3 weeks addition to come. (Said be here in two weeks but took over a month to get it.)
camera|The pictures are very nice but it is slower than my old canon SD770 IS. The first thing that I noticed was how long it takes to view the picture on the lcd screen after taking the picture. Also, it seems to me that the focusing takes longer as well. You think you have the button pressed down half way but if you rush it to get a shot it is out of focus. Just first impressions since I have not had a chance to learn about it and use it more. Will hang in there with it and hope it lives up to all the great reviews.
camera|I hate this camera. Truly, truly hate it. I bought it to replace my last Canon Powershot. Pretty sure my last four cameras have been Canon Powershots....each an upgrade over the last and I've always been super happy with them. I don't even look at another brand. I picked this one, specifically because of the ridiculously long zoom and image stabilization. Outside, in bright sunlight, under optimal conditions, standing perfectly still? It take a passable picture, and the zoom is nice. Anywhere else, it's just awful. Low light pictures are horrible. Focus is awful. If your subject is moving at all, the picture is blurry. Forget about taking pictures of kids or animals, not going to happen. Takes forever to respond. I seriously haven't found anything that I like about it. I'm not a photographer. I take most of my pictures on the &#34;Auto&#34; or &#34;Easy&#34; setting. I've always been extremely happy with my Powershots...but not this one. I wish I would have returned it when I had the chance, but the first set of pictures I took with it (Jazz Fest in New Orleans) were predominantly taken outside in daylight, so I thought it was ok. After that, I thought maybe I just needed to &#34;get used&#34; to a new camera. Boy was I wrong.
camera|It also saves the videos as .MOV files and they have a wierd audio bitrate and will not be remuxed with TSmuxer without artifacts.You must reencode the videos to get them to be standard for Blu-Ray which means a loss in quality.Other than that the videos look good.
camera|Zoom is nice to have but you lose clarity and focusing power when zoomed out. This thing had a really hard time focusing in on my child from the back of the room. I was really frustrated that I didn't test this before the school event. Really disappointed and returned. I miss my s95 that I sold to get better zoom capability.
camera|This camera is a poor-quality one that produces images of same quality. The function menu is counter-intuitive. One would be hard-pressed to identify a situation where it would be a good choice to use this camera as opposed to a ten-year-old point-and-shoot. Color capture is sub-par at best, and probably unacceptable to most with any experience in photography, digital or otherwise. The camera feels bulky despite the advertised measurements, most likely due to the protruding lens (even when fully retracted). The battery life is laughable - be prepared to fork over three spares' worth to feel you've got it covered for (jeez, can it be that long?) two hours of shooting. Think twice before you buy - there are less expensive and more functional alternatives out there.
camera|Sent back for refund, because I decided it was not worth the price.Pros: impressive zoom, relatively good indoor low light performance, simple operationCons: auto focus is slow which results in blurry pics at times, the flash is difficult to control, it is either auto or off, but you can't turn it on when you want to. It seems to fire randomly. The hd video is laughable, bad quality, and has a buzzing back ground noise. Pics are also not as sharp as I had expected from a canon. I suppose one needs a larger cam if one wants a power zoom, or stick with a 5x zoom. I had a 5x zoom regular canon power shot before and I got better portraits with that one. Not sure what super zoom I am going to try next.
camera|At first, I was impressed with the camera because of all that it had to offer: the zoom, well mostly the zoom. My husband and I have had many digital cameras since they have been out in the market and Canon has made some good ones, and some not so good. What I didn't like about the camera is how the overall sharpness and crispness of the picture was not there. In certain lighting, details get washed out. Colors are not bad, but what good is true color if the details are not there? Yes, in some pictures it was perfect, but you have to mess around with various controls to get the ideal picture. The choices of modes were redundant: easy mode? really? When there is auto and live mode? That takes away the credibility of Canon because between you and me, that seems flat out dumb!The pop up flash is in a very bad position because it may startle you at any time and you could lose your grip on the camera.With 12 MP, the overall size of the pictures were not very big and zooming in on them once in the computer, you see many artifacts.I am returning this camera and getting the Olympus SZ-15 which has an even better Megapixel count (16) and longer zoom (24).I have had Olympus cameras before and their build as well as their picture quality have been excellent. Then again, it depends on the camera you opt for.
camera|The one thing I hated most was the pop-up flash. It pops when you are least expected it to and it closes unexpectedly also. It opens/closes so quickly that one can drop the camera or have their finger pinched. the pictures taken also looks very artificial. I buy point-and-shoots at least once a year. and currently still have about 5-6 working ones. This is one of the worst that I have ever owned. I will not recommend it.
camera|To be fair, I just got this camera today, so I haven't had a lot of time with it. However, my initial impression is not great and I'm thinking of returning it and going with the Panasonic Lumix ZS20.My issues with this camera aren't different from what others have noted, but I'll reiterate them here:It really is quite slow when recording the image - almost as slow as my phone.I find it heavy to hold, made worse by the awkward way you have to hold it because of the pop up flash.I found it difficult to figure out how to set things - that may not be the case for other Canon owners; I've had Sonys in the past, so that might the issue.I'll test it out more over the next few days and revise my review if necessary.
camera|I have the Canon 300 HS. The camera is great but I wanted a camera with a stronger flash that could take photos in an indoor theater setting and could fit in my pocket. I was told there Powershot SX260 is their newest camera. I bought it. On the automatic settings (which is what I use) the photos were no better than my Canon 300 HS. It does have different settings such as a fish eye lens. When I called Canon and complained that they camera they recommnended to me was no better than what I had, they told me to put it on a manual setting. I found no difference. Also this camera is heaviier and bulkier than the Canon 300 HS. I found at times photos taken on an Iphone were shaper.
camera|it takes descent pictures, although indoor pictures are a little weak. However, my biggest complaint is the weak battery. I take about 15 flash shots and 20 other shots, and few days later, batter is drained. I used to have other canon camera and even the cheaper ones has much stronger batteries.
camera|I bought this camera for a gift. I also bought an extra memory chip-thank goodness, because this camera did not have one.
camera|Great Product. It meets my needs. Picture quality is amazing, Need to get use to the Flash position as we click. Trial and error to get the max out of this camera.
camera|I have had this camera for less than six months, and the display has died. It turns on just fine, and then grows darker until it's not usable at all. I have had other Powershots that I've loved, but this one is a severe disappointment.
camera|I'm so upset and disappointed with this camera I'll make it quick - PIECE OF JUNK. The camera is SSSSSSSSLLLLLLLOOOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWWWWWWW. It is slow to take pics, slow to warm up the flash, slow in terms of shutter speed (fastest aperture is F3.5). Every single pic I've tried to take of my puppy has come out awful - blurred, dark, crap (this is outside at 1pm in the California sun without a cloud in the sky). Generally, even without the flash, it takes about 2-3 seconds from the time you click the shutter release to the time the picture is taken. That's in direct sunlight. If there's low light, forget it. My experience with the flash was inside in darker conditions.. Oh, and be prepared (as others warned) - the flash will pop up without warning RIGHT where you hold the camera. Your finger will then block the flash and you will have to reboot the camera. Again, losing any chance of a good candid photo at a party, etc.. I'm just not sure why this piece of garbage is $300. I have used Nikon, Sony and Olympus point and shoot's (as well as Nikon DSLRs) and I will say this - I will NEVER, EVER buy a Canon product again. My Sony (now 6 years old) takes MUCH better pics at 6 megapixels than this Canon junk does at 12.1!!! As many others mentioned, the battery life is also pathetic.AVOID THIS CAMERA AT ALL COSTS.
camera|It doesn't come with a memory chip. It won't save any pictures without a memory chip. I Have to order memory chip seperately. Very Dissapointing. I expect much better.
camera|Just received my replacement camera (the LCD display on the first one failed after 20 days) and the LCD on this one is terrible quality; extremely grainy. Hard to know what I'm shooting. Think the lens quality is OK, but that's about it. Not a very intuitive camera. Very hard to set manual controls. Overall, extremely disappointed in my first Canon. I'm just going to eat the not-insubstantial cost and go back to Panasonic Lumix, a much better point and shoot camera for the price.
camera|I think it is very good, but I have not found chance to use it yet!I am going to take my vocation next month, then I will have opportunity to write my review again!
camera|I recently purchased this camera wanting a small personal one for my purse...replacing my other Canon that flipped out of my pocket and into the toilet!! :( I bought this one for it's red color and powerful zoom of 20x. However, the color is more of a hot pink and it is heavier than I wanted. It also has a stiff wrist strap that I don't care for. I thought it was around my wrist when I took a pix at the fair but what I felt was instead, my just-purchased ride bracelet so when I finished taking a pix, I dropped it onto the asphalt!! It damaged a corner of the view finder and now I have a big black spot covering what I am taking on my finder. It however does not affect the pixs taken. I sent it back to Canon to be repaired when the tech said it would be about $100. When the estimate came in, it was about $239 plus shipping and handling. (250.00!!) In no way would I pay for this camera almost twice! So be careful! It does take great pixs in the 17 days I had it :(
camera|I received my camera without the memory card that was stated when ordering as a free gift with purchase. Provided you send me the memory card quickly so I can use my camera by no later than Friday the 21st of December then I will modify this review.
camera|I received my camera today and was surprised to find that there was no memory card so it was unable to take pictures. I couldn't believe Canon would sell a camera that wouldn't work out of the box, but there in small print on the box it said "memory card not included." I had read the product description and some reviews before I purchased the camera, but I didn't see anything that said one needs to buy the memory card separately. Maybe I missed it? Anyway, it seems like something people should know before they purchase the camera. I expect to like the camera very much when I receive my memory card, but for now I can only give it one star.
camera|I bought this camera with the idea that I would take it with me on our next trip.Every year my husband and I take tour trips to various areas of the United States.In the past, I have taken my Canon Power Shot SD 970 IS digital camera to every trip. It always takes excellent and very clear photos! On our trip to NYC I took 619 pictures with that camera and only had to delete 3 of them because they weren't clear or had reflections from a window. I bought the SX260 HS because it had more telephoto possibilities which I figure I would need on our next trip to Maine, Vermont and New Hampshire. I spent a couple of days familiarizing myself with my new camera, taking pictures under many different situations, and I am sorry to say that every picture was severely disappointing!!! I do not recommend this camera. It takes, simply said, lousy photos!!! Save your money and go elsewhere!!!
camera|Bonus, free 8 GB Transcend memory card not mentioned until after purchase, on confirmation email. Thats a big help. Too late. Camera does not come with memory card. Does have 1 battery. I should feel lucky.Not worried about camera. Our second PowerShot. This one was highly rated by CNET, in the top 5: [...]
camera|I cannot review the 260 since upon receipt from Amazon I discovered the battery enclosed and the charger did not mate. I called Canon. The rep asked for the model #'s of the battery and charger. He informed me the charger was not the one designed for this camera and battery. Furthermore, the charger is out of stock on back order. HUH.I contacted Amazon , of course they were right on it. A replacement camera will arrive tomorrow - one day shipping. What a great company. When I open it tomorrow I will discover if this was a one time packing error or the result of the factory trying to meet a quota by shipping 260's despite the fact that the correct chargers are temporarily unavailable. Stay tuned.
camera|This camera has been a great camera and HD but not a point and shoot camera, have to give more attention to the features.
camera|I have read very carefully all the reviews to see if anybody made any comments about the fact that the camera doesn't shoot RAW. I'm a big fan of Canon System and I'm looking for a P n Shoot camera that can shoot RAW but not interested on the G12 nor S100 too small.However, the SX260 sounds like a practical travel camera which is what I need for my upcoming trip to Africa. I'm taking my 40D to shoot while going on a Safari but for the rest of the trip I need something that would not bring too much attention, if you can guess why.
