camera|I love this camera! Bearing in mind that I've only had it for a week, it truly exceeded my expectations. The pictures that I'm able to take in Auto mode are excellent (I'm a photography novice, so decent Auto pictures is a must for me). I've played around with some of the manual settings, and the camera's built in Guide program has been a big help. My pictures look great, especially close ups of my son, something that no other camera that I've owned has been able to do well. The video quality also seems to be good. I purchased a Canon G12 before buying this camera, but returned the G12 because the picture quality was poor. This camera blows the Canon out of the water and has made me a Nikon customer for life!
camera|this camera works great has a amazing resolution, I have a very nice photos, your battery has a long duration, is very light, is the perfect camera in relation to its price and quality.I'm very happy with my purchase I recommend
camera|I just got this camera as my first DSLR after tinkering with point and shoot cameras for a while. I was worried about how much harder would the DSLR be to use over a simple point and shoot. My worries went away with the D3100. It is very easy to use! It has a great feel to it and it is a good camera to get for those looking to make the move from point and shoots to DSLR's. I have had a hard time putting this camera down. All Pro's for this camera. In my opinion, it is a good purchase for the price. The pictures are very sharp and clean. I look forward to the pictures I capture with this great camera.
camera|I bought this Nikon D3100 15 days ago, its a great one to start with. It has simple buttons easy to use and a demo associated to learn quick.
camera|This is my first SLR Camera and I Love it! I did alot of research before I bought this one, this one had the best reviews. For a new be it is easy to use, light weight, perfact for hiking.
camera|This was my first digital SLR camera and I came to this particular camera after hours of research. I couldn't decide between this model and the Canon Rebel T3. From my experience and research, Nikons seem to photograph people better and Canon seems to photograph still images/landscape better (at least for beginners type SLR cameras). This camera is great for beginners as well as intermediate as it allows beginners to get used to the attributes of an SLR camera. I dare say intermediate as well because although it may not be as easy as higher end cameras, this camera lets you customize all the settings to your liking.The only con, if you can call it that, is that the settings you want to customize are all done through menus. This can take up time when you want to change from one setting to another and then change back etc. Also, the lenses are a little more expensive than Canon, but the quality is second to none.On a scale of 1 to 10, I would recommend this camera to a beginner: 9On a scale of 1 to 10, I would recommend this camera to a intermediate: 7.8In the end, I have no regrets whatsoever with this camera.
camera|I purchased this Nikon D3100 from another site and my review reflects my experience with the camera.I have had this camera for 2 weeks and I am THRILLED! After researching what I wanted, reading MANY reviews on amazon and comparing models, I settled on the D3100. I am pleased with the weight and ease of use.After reading reviews, I choose this camera because of...1. Live view screen option2. Can shoot live video3. Easy to handle4. Nikon's DSLR historyI am very pleased!
camera|Well to start off, I'm 17 years old and this is my first DSLR camera. It's freaking amazing. I've had it for about a week now and I have no regrets whatsoever. The picture quality is amazing, it feels great in my hands, and I got it for $550 (Normally $650). I've been using it to take pictures and film my friends skating. The only issue with my camera is that there's just one dead pixel, this isn't Amazon's fault, though, so I didn't knock off any stars.
camera|I've had this camera several weeks now and can tell you that it takes stunning pictures. For those of you with only experience in point and shoot, this is the camera to select in order to make the transition into DSLR photography. It is easy to use and takes terrific pictures on pre-programmed settings. As you become more confident switch to manual settings and see what you can do. The Nikon website has tutorials online that you can use regarding general photography, I recommend checking it out.
camera|As a bargain video shooter the D3100 sounded ideal: 24p, interchangeable lens, great image quality, manual features. But there's one problem: beware the jello cam! Jello cam--also known as rolling shutter--is when a video image wobbles and bends like jello when the camera is moved. To a certain extent it's a problem with all CMOS cameras, but this Nikon seems to be particularly jello-y. Locked-down footage looks great. Stills look great. But if handheld run-and-gun style shooting is your thing think twice!
camera|I strongly recommend this camera who want to have great indoor photos without flash. I think it is a little bit bigger than my expectation but it is light to carry. Additionaly, it is really user friendly.
camera|I was very pleased when I purchased this camera. I was new to the advanced camera, and it was easy to learn. I was so used to one of those cool pix camera's, that this Nikon blew everything I ever owned out of the water. Now I am by no means a professional photographer, but I have now photographed (and been payed) 3 weddings, numerous maternity, and engagement, and tons more. It is the perfect camera for starting out a small business!
camera|I am completely amazed with the Nikon D3100, is a phenomenal deal for non professionals, i love the pictures I've been taking with it! nothing else to say....!!!
camera|This is an excellent camera. It's lightweight and powerful and the pictures it takes are amazing. Even I, a total cameraphobe, figured out how to take really beautiful pictures with it in an hour or so. The interfaces are intuitive and the camera is smart enough to correct your mistakes. I wholeheartedly recommend it.
camera|Great buy. Easy to use and understand. Shoots 5 fps and has great autofocus. Not much I can say bad about this camera. Go buy it and you will see.
camera|I love this camera. It allows me to capture details when photographing artwork as well as maintaining actual colors. I am very satisfied with my purchase and look forward to purchaseadditional lenses in the near future.Nikon D3100 14.2MP Digital SLR Camera with 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 AF-S DX VR Nikkor Zoom Lens
camera|Great beginner DSLR. Have taken numerous pictures with this an no complaints as of yet. Im currently in the stage of trying out a few different lenses and seeing how those work with the camera. So far a zoom and a wide angle lens have performed magnificently. I would recommend this to anybody looking to get into photography.
camera|Love this camera.Easy to use. Better features than the Rebel. It's turdy.It's perfect for a beginner/novice photographer.Really happy with this purchase.
camera|I absolutely love this camera. It is everything I was looking for. I like to use the manual settings, except when photographing kids--simply because the kids are always moving FAST. I like the quick response when the auto settings are on, since I have been able to capture lots of cute moments that pass in a blink!
camera|I am extremely pleased with this camera. It takes beautiful pictures with auto settings, but also allows for some creative overrides for experimentation with shutter speed and f stop. I am still working out the fine tuning of the video features.
camera|I am a beginner photographer (or a photography enthusiast) on a budget so I had to decide between the T3 and the D3100. I choose this one because I found better reviews for the Nikon, I am sure that the T3 is an awesome camera too.Coming from P&S cameras you will notice a very big difference in colors, in how many shots per second you can take, the built in flash quality (even thought you can't compare it to a speedlight. The guide mode is a little limited but it is like shooting with a tutorial at hand, very good for beginners. Good for low light situation (again, compared to a P&S, not to a D7000 or D3s), good quality even at ISO3200. The lens is not that good, but not bad either, I think the body only with the 35mm 1.8G or the 50mm 1.8G is a better pack.I have not shoot that much video, but I have read that the problem is that you can hear the autofocus motor working. But if you want it to shoot video, go for the D5100 that has a mic input. It also has a better sensor, but again, if you are on a budget, the D3100 is great, you can buy better lenses later to improve even more your photos.
camera|This is truly a great camera for the price. Nikon is know for its good lenses (glass). They make some great but expensive lenses. However, sigma and tamron also make some good lenses. However, remember this is not a point and shoot cmaera. I have read several books and am taking better pictures each day. See my two comments to "camera loco's" two star review. These comments may help you begin to understand the Nikon camera system.I do get great sunset and sunrise pictures that I never could get with a point and shoot camera. This alone is worth the price difference. However, you must learn how to use shutter speed, Apperatur and ISO to get great pictures. It helps that I had a film SLR over 40 years ago but I still needed some refresher on these three especially ISO. In the old days, the film itself controlled the ISO. You could not set it. You bought a different film for each situation. This also necessated use of a dark bag to change films when you needed a different ISO (film speed). Glad those day are gone. A dial is mush better than changing film.I suggested a book in my comments to "camera loco". There is another one. I believe it is called "From good shots to great shots for Nikon D3100". I am not sure if this is exact title as I do not have it with me. It is excellant for learning how to compose and set camera for great shots.Joe Taylor
camera|Good deal and nice camera with many nice features. Great picture quality, very easy to use, video's are good as well.
camera|hard to review something thats been said by thousands already but I'll make this one short :1st WOW I've never owned a camera like this before! always going for the cheaper ones to save money but those don't do my family justice as most of them don't take pictures the way the nikon 3100 does, in both clarity, autofocus, moving and others the cheaper cameras don't offer.I think in the end, I should have bought a beginners SLR camera and would have saved me money and time in the long run...I tested the nikon the day I received it and I moved around while taking photos of my 2 yr old and wow none of them was blur, even in a darken room the flash was great.so I'll be playing around with settings and learn how to go things with this camera for before my families vacation.Thanks
camera|I purchased the D3100 camera as an upgrade to my D70 which was just too heavy and bulky to carry for 2 days of events. The D3100 camera picture quality is excellent, it is light weight, has a larger screen to view photos and is very easy to use. The battery life is excellent and I used it for 2 consecutive days, taking a lot of pictures and some video, and the battery is still charged. Although my zoom lens for the D70 did fit the D3100, it would not auto focus, however, the dealer informed me of that when I purchased the camera. I highly recommend the D3100
camera|I bought this camera as a sub-camera of Nikon D300s. I have found that this D3100 is actually better than D300s in terms of image quality(especially at night and with higher ISO). And this one is very tiny and light so I usually bring D3100 when I travel. D-Movie is amazingly beautiful with D3100. However, battery life is not perfect. You may want to have extra battery.FYI, my photos with D3100 are in Flickr so take a look[...]
camera|Perfect DSLR for those who would like to learn about photography and don't have a lot of money to spend.Although, I recommend the BODY ONLY version + 35mm 1.8 lens. You will get best results, I guarantee.
camera|This is my first SLR, and I love it. I choose it over the Canon, and I'm happy. I bought a 1.8 50mm lens for it (and love that). I couldn't ask for more from this camera. The only things I don't like are the strap that comes with it and the fact it doesn't come with a clear UV filter to protect the lens. Battery life is great and the pictures are amazing. I contemplated buying an SLR for a long time before finally taking the plunge. I only wish I had done it sooner.
camera|I've owned this camera for about 10 months now and it is my first slr/dslr. I shoot in Aperture and Manual and only in Raw (.nef) format. I cannot express how much joy this camera gives me. It's entry-level perfect, takes photos of great quality. I've gotten 3rd place and honorable mention with 2 of my photo's in a area competition and 1st in one of Froknowsphoto.com weekend competitions using the really quite capable kit 18-55 lens. So, it can capture the moment you see with high quality. I am ready to upgrade to the D7000 mostly because it will be better at high iso and it's a better camera if you can afford it but I absolutely love this camera. Do not hesitate to buy this if you are getting into photography or cannot afford a more expensive dslr.
camera|As a long-time Nikon fan and user, I was looking forward to my first DSLR camera. In the gap between my last (and superb!) Nikon SLR and my purchase of the D3100, I had been using a pocket digital camera that even though was very easy to use and produced quite adequate pictures, always made me painfully aware of the quality we get with a large lens. The D3100 has demonstrated to be all I expected and I am very happy with it. It is very easy to use; I didn't even bother to print or read the (on-line only) manual to start using it, and am very happy with the quality of my pictures. The only caveat emptor I have: the camera comes without an SD card, which must be bought separately; when I happily unpacked the camera and wanted to try it, I instead had to drive to a camera shop to buy an SD card.
camera|D3100 is designed by the same team that created the flagship camera Nikon D3, using a sensor whose part number differs by a letter. So you will be getting a great design for sure. Nikon puts most effort on their entry camera to get you hooked and the flagship (duh). They tend to neglect the middle ranges in comparison.That said, Nikon did several things that I hate1. slowed down the AF speed to half a second (why, since it is the same CAM as used in D5000 and D90)2. removed infrared remote sensor (to cut cost?)3. put in a puny battery (to make it last only 300 pictures).Of course, the menu system is a limiting factor in usability - entry level is what this camera is for.Overall, this camera could beat the higher end models if Nikon didn't castrate it with the above three items.
camera|This is a real nice camera. It was a gift for my wife and she is not a professional but just loves taking photos. She spent about a hour reading the instructions and is taking great photos already! So I would say this is a great camers for the "regular Joe to the serious photo person" I priced the 5100 the D80 and D90 but too much money for us. I paid 600 and she loves it! I would buy again.
camera|This camera was a gift & it really works good. We found no problems with this camera. Pictures are wonderful. We think this camera is an excellent buy. I have purchased many items this past year from Amazon & have been extremly satisfied. I buy mostly through Amazon because they are so reliable. Thanks Amazon.
camera|I'm new to the world of DSLR Cameras and so I did a lot of research before purchasing the Nikon D3100. For those just like me who are accustomed to the small point-and-shoot digi-cameras, I was advised that this would be a great transition camera and I have to find I totally agree. It is very user friendly and in no time at all I've been learning the tricks and capabilities. While I haven't advanced to much beyond my feeble attempts to use the Manual and Aperture-Priority modes, I'm still impressed with the picture quality and the greater range of photo-taking options that I now have. Other reviews go a lot more in depth and are a lot more technical, but from a laywoman's perspective, I totally my D3100!!!!
camera|I am a photographer in training. I was going to go with a Cannon, but a friend convinced me to look at this one. I checked it out, and liked what I saw. This camera is incredible! It it super easy to learn and use, and setup is seamless.I would recommend this camera to a friend INSTANTLY!!
camera|Very happy with this camera. This is the first serious caera Ive ever purchased and it has lived up to expectations. Parts are all quality and the diversity of features is very impressive. Ive already had some stunningly beatiful pictures taken.Would definitely recommend. Be aware though not to purchase the Transcend SD card with it as part of the Amazon bundle. It is not on the approved memory card list in the manual and the card died twice on me before I finally went for the refund and got the Sandisk.
camera|Love it! this is my first DSLR camera and I have taken great pictures with it. Easy to use, durable, and one of the cheapest among DSLR cameras. Didn't have any problems so far
camera|I purchased this camera as used, and when I received it, if it hadn't been for slight wear and tear on the box, I would have thought this was brand new. Very happy, very pleased.
camera|My wife has a Canon DSLR that she bought a couple of years ago. I have used it few times, but not often. I wanted my own camera and did a lot of research before buying this one. So far I have loved this camera and even my wife has been impressed with a number of the features that it has. I still have a long ways to go in terms of learning how to use all of the features on this camera, but I like the photos that I have taken with it.
camera|This is a nice camera. I've graduated from a Nikon FM2 to this. It's got quite a few settings, a lot I will probably never use. The 18-55 lens is nice, I use it a lot, vs a 35mm and the 55-300 zoom. I did check it out at a local camera shop before buying here, so I was pretty well ready for what was delivered.
camera|If you are looking for an entry level SLR camera then stop looking because D3100 is best camera.I bought this camera last week and it is amazing. I have no photography experience whatsoever but the guid mode is making it really easy for me. Picture guilty is also great. If you want to take pictures in manual mode then you can also do that.
camera|I didn't order this from Amazon, but I had it bookmarked in case Walmart didn't have it. I went to 3 different Walmarts and finally found one who had one in stock. I LOVE this camera. I'm no photographer, not even close, but I wanted something with good quality that made my pictures look a bit more epic and artistic rather than generic, so I wanted a nice camera. I'm really glad I picked this one. At first glance, I thought, "oh my gosh, how will I ever learn to use this!?" 30 minutes later, I had figured out all basic functions and most of the manual ones, without reading the instruction booklet it came with. It's really fun to play with. I recommend!
camera|DOPEness in a camera! I love everything about this camera and the way it works for my style of photography
camera|All the existing reviews for the camera itself are the reason I chose it. It is fantastic--affordable without sacrificing crispness, effectiveness, and versatility. For someone who went from an older 35-mm Nikon to a higher end point and shoot digital camera because, well, such are the times, it's like getting your hands back on magic. So much control, yet so many extra functions without the cost of developing film. So it pays for itself. Going digital was simply for convenience; the pictures never had the same feeling. That's all about to change!My only negative comment is in regards to purchasing from the Amazon Warehouse. I was aware that it was a returned item, but it was labeled, "Like New". For the most part it was, but the individual components were only loosely packed inside the Nikon kit box. Usually there is lots of styro to protect the body and the lens from banging around during transit. This was not so, but I do not detect any damage YET. The lens also did not have the usual cap that comes on a new lens on the end that connects to the body. There was some dust inside but I was able to remove it, I think. We shall see. The weirdest thing is that there were some nails, maybe six or seven 3/4" stainless steel nails, inside the compartment with the body of the camera! Huh?! I'm still wondering about that.So, great camera, weird packaaging experience.
camera|I bought this camera and have been so happy with the performance. Even shooting in auto. works great. Photographers wanting to really tweek out the camera can do it on the D3100. However, the D5100 and above is what you are looking for. The D3100 is a great camera (entry-level or not) for the price.
camera|Fantastic camera, photo quality and crispness off the charts! But do not buy this if you are looking for a video camera. The automatic focusing for video makes noise and it comes thru on the video. You can turn off the sound and take fantastic sound free video. You can also do manual focus for the video, and the video is cinematic quality, you could use a separate sound recorder and link it up on your computer. But the quality of the photography is fantastic stuff! You pictures will look like a pro. Buy a seoarate manual to learn all of the tricks. I have mine for bout 4 months now and I am still learning. Great camera for the price.UPDATE DECEMBER 7, 2012Wow...I mean, like...wow! One year of ownership, and studying a few manuals for the last year, and this camera is a keeper. Once you learn how to actually use the camera it takes fantastic pictures. The kit lens on this, and using a few settings, and learning how to use a dslr, and your pictures will look amazing. It is important to actually learn how to use this camera. Learn what every button does on this camera, and buy a cheap how to book specific to the d3100 model. The only downside is the audio on the video camera. You cannot attach any external microphone and you are forced to use the internal mic which pics up the sound of the lens auto focusing....you can turn off auto focus, and manually do focusing, or try to shoot without focusing and that takes care if the problem. But the quality of the video itself, especially at 24 frames per second give your movies a cinematic look and feel. Get a telephoto lens and you are good to go. I have used it to take tons of photos in low light settings with the ISO set to 3200 and its amazing.
camera|I bought the 3100 last Christmas and for my wife, and we have been very pleased with the camera. Our main use is for taking pictures of our daughter who was born in February. I spent months researching and comparing different cameras and for the money, and the 3100 was a no brainer. There are many great reviews that go into great detail of all the specs and pros and cons, and I agree with most of them, so I won't beat any dead horses. I will add that I feel the D5100 may be worth the extra money, for the retractable/swivel display alone. I use the view finder for 95% of my shots (it's much, much quicker and the LCD resolution is not true,) but there are times when lifting the camera over my head or for shots way down low that the swivel LCD would be perfect. I find myself missing some priceless "first" moments with my daughter because of this. Also, it would be handy at the zoo or fair for shots. Because of the low cost (for a DSLR) I was able to purchase a great 35mm lens that I use on 99% of my shots. [...] has a lot of great suggestions for lenses.Good Luck!
camera|Top product for the given price. The best Dslr camera in the market since one year. Best camera I owned till now.
camera|I bought this to take photos of a friends wedding. Most of the shots came out great. It is a great camera for everyday use. It does need a better zoom lense, and some of the action shots didnt turn out too great. However the posed wedding photos looked professional.
camera|I've been wanting a slr camera for some time now and i'm really glad i waited to get this one. it is a fantastic camera with an incredible amount of features. in the first few weeks i've already taken over 600 pictures with it. i really love all the option it offers to keep the pictures unique and just the way i want them.
camera|I really like this camera, it is really easy to get to learn to use and it takes great pictures. I would recommend it to anyone.
camera|This is my first DSLR camera, but I am having so much fun learning how to use it. I bought a book, "Nikon D3100: From Snapshots to Great Shots" by Jeff Revell, and it has been helping me take things one step at a time. I have already taken a few pictures that I am extremely proud of--the color quality is amazing. I admit, it's not as easy to take with you as a point & shoot (can't just stuff in my purse), but when you want to take some outstanding photos it is well worth bringing the camera bag along.
camera|I finally took the plunge from a point & shoot camera and cannot believe the quality of pictures, the speed of the shot, the ease of use and the longevity of the battery. I am excited about the world of photography. I am so impressed with the value and quality of such a fine device!
camera|Did good amount of study on the reviews of entry level DSLR's. I almost got satisfied with Pentax K-X, as there is no service available for Pentax cameras in India it happened to drop and look for the equivalent. Thinking of after sale service Nikon and Canon stood competitive. So Again it was between Canon 550D and Nikon D3100. One of my friend was already using Canon 450D and had suggested me that Nikon image quality is superior compared to Canon. After receiving D3100 was happy shooting with the Kit lens. Now feeling like should have opted for a camera Body and lens with more range like 18-105mm lens than the normal 18-55 mm kit lens.
camera|This is my very first DSLR -- I was getting fed up with using a point-and-shoot camera & wanted to venture beyond its limitations. This camera is very user-friendly and the guide mode really helps you to understand what exactly the f-stop is, why your ISO needs to be changed in certain situations, and in general helps you to cut your teeth on DSLRs. The video setting is crisp and clear, and is easy to operate. The body is smaller than a D80 or D90, which makes it ideal for a woman's smaller hands. My major complaint with trying to use my boyfriend's DSLRs in the past (a D80 & D90) was that it felt like the camera was too big for my hands to hold securely while still adjusting the f-stop, and this camera eliminates that worry. The 18-55mm lens that is included is an excellent starter lens, and the entire set is a very good value. I would highly recommend this camera to anyone who is just getting started with DSLRs -- its easy to dive right into!
camera|This is the perfect camera for the twentysomething or the fiftysomething who is looking for something more than the quality of a point and shoot. While it is not as portable, the versatility and ease of use is phenomenal with the quality of a Nikon. A great entry level camera for the more serious photographer.
camera|this camera is truly amazing. i bought it about 3 weeks ago, has amazing quality. very portable and light is a major plus. the only thing wrong with it is that it has not bracketing (although it doesnt matter too much because i barely use it). this camera is super cheap for the features u get from it. the video quality is really good. i super recommend getting this camera and you wont regret it.
camera|Let me first start by saying that I am not a professional photographer, but I have always enjoyed photography and so I bought this camera to take it "to the next level". This is my first DSLR camera but I have loved every second of it. After purchasing this item, I have come to believe that the camera makes the photographer and not the other way around. It is very easy to use and the on-camera guide is very helpful. The picture on my profile is a picture I took of my dog using this camera. It is amazing the amount of detail that can show up in a DSLR camera vs. a compact camera. I have not used the video function yet, but will post a new review as soon as I do. I also bought a Tiffen UV filter with this. The UV filter will actually protect your lens in case it is dropped. I can't wait to try out some more features on this camera!
camera|This camera Nikon D3100 is light years ahead of the Nikon D40X, the D40X took great pictures but this D3100 is alot better & has a upgraded sensor. Almost as good a sensor as the Nikon D90 but as good as the Nikon D5000. I have had cannon cameras but the Nikon's are alot more user friendly, to me anyway. I love this Nikon camera.
camera|For over five years I have been using a Nikon D50 which I felt was an exceptional digital camera. However, with advancements such as live view, increased mega pixels, 1080 movies,more ISO settings, etc I decided to purchase the Nikon D3100. I normally would not buy a camera without handling it to see if it felt comfortable but decided to take a chance as the D3100 was so new and about the only way I could get one was through Amazon. I was not disappointed. It is lighter but feels as comfortable as the D50 even with other zoom lenses attached. I haven't taken a ton of pictures or movies yet but I will state so far I am very pleased. Navigation through the various menus is even more convenient than the D50. While I consider myself quite knowledgeable the guides are handy and for someone new to digital photography the D3100 is very user friendly and teaches you the basics. Very innovative!I highly recommend this camera. I do note that battery life is not quite as long as the D50. Movies,quite naturally, use up more battery life. Suggest one gets a spare. Also, Nikon does not supply the USB Cable UC-E4 to connect the camera to a computer or printer nor do they supply the Audio Video cable EG-D2 to connect the camera to a TV. Also make sure you get a class 6 memory card so movies and live view operate efficiently.
camera|I'm very much an amateur photographer, and this is a great camera for a motivated amateur to bump up from point-and-shoots. It already takes amazing pictures out of the box with the 18-55mm lens it comes with and on automatic settings. But there are tons of options and settings for elevating your photography. I've had this camera for nearly a year, and I'm still learning how to use it, and loving every minute of it.
camera|I'm going to keep this review short as there are more than enough incredibly detailed reviews.This camera is absolutely amazing. It's been absolutely perfect for me in every situation I've used it in, including my cousin's wedding, multiple hiking and backpacking trips, plant and animal photography (with the 55-300mm lens), etc.A huge plus for me is the weight of the camera; keeping weight down while backpacking is very important, and this camera is very light for its size.[This is also a great camera for underwater / scuba photography with the right housing].
camera|the Nikon D3100 is PERFECT!! I am by no means a professional photographer, but with this camera, my pictures are AMAZING! It takes very little time to get used to the settings and if you know how to read, learning about aperature and focus aren't that difficult :) I love taking pictures and the D3100 is definately sharper than my point and shoot. My husband and I travel alot, so I can't wait until spring to start really shooting awesome pictures!! LOVE. IT. !!!!Things you may want to buy along with your new camera:HB-33 Lens Hood for Nikon 18-55mm DX Nikkor Lens (Aftermarket) -- to go with your 18-55mm lensNikon 55-300mm f/4.5-5.6G ED VR AF-S DX Nikkor Zoom Lens for Nikon Digital SLR -- to get a really GREAT zoom!!
camera|After much daily use, I was having trouble with my D-40. The repair place was taking forever to fix it and I felt lost without a DSLR. I ordered the D3100 because it's Nikon's current entry-level model. Its improvements over the D-40 aren't the "bells and whistles" that the higher-end Nikons seem to have, but practical features that matter to me. Like a self-cleaning sensor. I have not had trouble with distortions caused by dust, even though I change lenses often! The D-3100 also has a quieter shutter, which is handy at concerts and school performances. And, it's capable of a higher ISO, a feature I appreciate since I'm often snapping in low light. I haven't yet used its video capabilities, but I'm looking forward to taking the opportunity. Aside from a few additions to the controls, the D-3100's body is essentially the same as my older model, so I felt right at home with it in my hands. It would feel strange to go a day without using my D-3100.
camera|I am a long-time Nikon digital camera user and recommended a Nikon D3100 for somebody who is photography savvy, but still living in the analog ages or using their cell phones as a primary picture-taker (yuck!). Anyway in the last 4 months, all I have heard from them was how happy they are with this camera and I did insist that they glance through the manual at-least once so they know how various things interact. I also recommended visiting Ken Rockwell's website to find more information about the lens, the camera and tricks/tweaks to utilize while taking pictures. I purchased an additional lens, 16GB micro-sd card, card reader, Nikon bag UV lens filter, so complete his photographic experience. Have fun with this great package.
camera|Easy to operate and out of this world pictures! It's Nikon for me from now on!The features are easy to work with and I had no problem learning how to operate this fantastic camera! I also purchased additional lenses and an accessory kit and the quality is excellent!
camera|After taking a photography class with my very average digital camera, I decided to ask for this for Christmas. This is a GREAT camera, and very easy to use. I read a few reviews that talk about how confusing the controls are...it is an SLR, which means it isn't some point and shoot camera. The manual is very easy to understand, and I amd suprised how easy it was to learn how to use the camera. There a lot of shooting options on this, and the quality is great. This is just as good as any of the more expensive Nikon cameras. I am very pleased, and will be buying from Nikon from now on,
camera|This camera is amazing. The quality of pictures that you can take with this are so sharp and colorful. The kit lens is good to get you started. I have some really old Nikon AI lens that work just fine on the camera. Just remember that a non-cpu lens, such as the AI lenses, will not meter on this camera. This means that the camera will not select a shutter automatically for you. Just shoot a couple shots until you find the right f/stop and shutter speed combination. Slight newer AF lenses also work on the camera. These lenses meter but they will not auto-focus. Not a huge deal for me because I prefer to manually focus anyways.Definitely a recommended buy. My friend has the Canon T2i. That is also a great camera too. The only decision you have to make is Nikon or Canon, and also how much you are willing to spend.
camera|Very good camera if you are looking for quality of images and a good equipment for beginners on photography. :)
camera|Camera is great for entry level, Very easy to use, Very reasonable price, and the image qualities are great. im loving my Nikon.
camera|Let me start out that I have long been a fan of the SLR setup for a long time. I like the ability to use filters and different lenses. It has however been a long time since I upgraded. My last camera was and still is a Minolta STSI 35mm. Still works but as Minolta doesn't make cameras and most of my scopes and binoculars are Nikon I made the switch. The D3100 is a solid camera for the average user. And while it isn't nearly as rugged as say the D7000 is still is well built. There are a lot of buttons but as time goes on I find that they are well placed. Making the step from a SLR to a DSLR did take a bit of a leap. The camera doesn't come with memory or a cord to connect it to the computer. So I purchased those right away. Also purchased a 52mm Polarized filter for it as well as a spare battery and memory. Strongly recommend the Polarized filter to those new to cameras they are well worth it. Also, dont get a cheap one you can get at Walmart or Best Buy. Also, figured out that I can save in both RAW and JPEG format at the same time which is useful, some documentation said that you could only do one or the other but not both so I was happy to find out you could do both. RAW format was important to me as I wanted to be able to play around with the pics later like I did with my 35mm negatives before. Do wish that they made a grip for this camera. Guess I have to wait for a third party to come out with one.
camera|Wow, where to begin?First, the ease of use. It feels like everything is right where it should be. I don't have to dig into the camera for settings. It also has a guide feature which is great for folks just getting into DSLR's. Its like a handy tutor.Second, Video mode: how cool is it that you can shoot at 1080p with live focus? I shot a music video with it and the results were amazing!! (note: the sound recording is crapppy. Quick solution, carry an external recorder if sound is really important)Third, Picture quality: Superb. simpy superb!! Very sharp images and little editing required. Little noise in low lightFourth, Price: Need I say more?Overall, a great product. I definitely recommend!!
camera|Takes beautiful pictures with the ease of a point and shoot. I'm a beginner to DSLR so I bought this because of the guide function and reputation of Nikon lenses. Without learning all the features yet, I'm already getting beautiful pictures. The video looks great as well. Not movie quality sound, but comparable to our camcorder.
camera|After owning the Nikon D3100 for a little over 2 weeks I've fallen in love with it. I previously had a Nikon D60 DSLR which I recently sold to a friend and decided to upgrade to the 3100. It was, in my opinion, a really good upgrade from the D60. Besides having a much higher resolution, some of the new features on the 3100 make it much more usable for the types of photography I normally do. I also like the HD movie feature with the 3100. When using a HDMI cable to view movies on my HDTV it really shows the quality of the 3100. I highly recommend this product to those who enjoy higher end digital photography.
camera|Nothing to say except that the camera does what its supposed to. The package will get you started and you will soon want to buy more lens to increase your shooting capability. My only gripe would be that for around $650 the camera should come with 2GB SD card, but that aside its a great "My first DSLR" camera, thought I can't get my family members to figure it out.
camera|This camera is the best bang for your buck! I upgraded from my trusty D40 and have not looked back!
camera|I'm not sure how much this will be worth as I am NOT a photography expert. In any case, I will say that the pictures this camera takes are amazing. With basically zero experience other than typical point-and-shoot cameras, I can take pictures of a quality you normally see in magazines -- and that's just on the auto setting. I'm still learning all of the features and capabilities, but I'm just in awe of the quality of the pictures. I'm very happy with this purchase.
camera|I have been taking photos as an enthusiast for over 25 years and have owned all sorts of gear from Nikon, Canon, Minolta and Leica.This is an amazing camera for the money. I won't bother writing a long review, if you want to read one, read Ken Rockwell's very concise review. What I will say is that if you want a light, easy to use SLR that takes fantastic photos, this is the one you should buy.
camera|I own a D40 and love it for what it is. Since the D40 is no longer sold I bought this as the equivalent model as a gift. For some crazy reason Nikon didn't include the IR sensor so you cant use the $10 wireless remote that is incredibly handy.
camera|I was super excited to get this camera. Got it out of the box, put in the battery that came with it, set the date and time, took a couple initial shots. Really psyched! But after a full charge, the camera has rejected the battery. Even though it's the same Nikon battery that came with the camera, and that worked straight out of the box, now I just get an error message that says "This battery cannot be used. Choose battery designated for use in this camera."Ok. Found several internet forums that mentioned the same thing but had no solutions. Called Nikon and was told I needed to do a firmware update. Put the update .bin file on the SD card as instructed. Put it back in the camera. Turned it on, but ... oh wait. Catch-22! No battery means no update, and no update means no battery. I'd bought a back-up battery, too, but silly conscientious me, I'd already charged that one as well.I realize I can just buy yet another battery and hope that the tiny charge it comes with is enough to do the update. But shame on you, Nikon, for selling such a buggy product!
camera|Great product - I have found it to be very user friendly. Good for a beginner (like myself). I would definitely recommend it.
camera|i'm still learning how to use it beyond simple auto mode. Every time I try some function I'm totally impressed. Along with the camera I purchased &#34;3100 for dummies&#34;, great book. This camera does everything! Well worth the money for a guy like me.
camera|This is my very first SLR camera.....what can i say...i am not a photographer..i still point and shoot...but this camera takes AAAMAZING pictures...focusing on small things if you want..the setup is super easy..and using it is super easy as well...i love, love it! i don't think i can ever get back to a regular digital camera after this one..GET it if you are still thinking..
camera|I purchased this camera as my first DSLR. The body of the camera feels very sturdy and lightweight. The 18-55mm lens that ships with it works great for mid-range shots or even portrait shooting. If you want to take pictures of something further away, for example a bird perched on a nearby tree, I would look into purchasing the 55-300mm lens by Nikon to accompany the 18-55mm lens.The quality of the pictures taken with this camera when outdoors is phenomenal but what is just as impressive is the low light capability as well. If you are taking a picture of something relatively still indoors, even without using flash, you can produce pictures that almost appear to have been taken in full outdoor light (recommend a tripod for indoor shooting).What I have found to be the real selling point for me is not merely the image quality or the ten minute interval recording, up to 1080p, but the portability of the camera. If you are looking for a DSLR that is both high quality and great for travel, this would be the camera I would recommend.Also, if you plan on taking this camera on a trip I would purchase an extra battery: Nikon EN-EL14 Rechargeable Li-Ion Battery for Select Nikon DSLR Cameras (Retail Package). The Nikon battery that ships with the camera lasts very long, I only advise purchasing a second as a spare so you will not have to find an outlet to charge your only battery.
camera|I am very pleased with this camera. It arrived very quickly. This camera can do alot but it is complex and takes some study of the directions and testing of the various elements to become competent in using it.
camera|I just purchased this camera yesterday, and I already love it. I am a novice when it comes to Digital SLRs, but this has been easy to use. I can't wait to learn even more about it. The pictures in the customer gallery are VERY accurate to the types of pictures this camera will produce.
camera|I am an beginner when it comes to photography. I am completely satisfied with the Camera. I have clicked almost 2000 odd pics. Battery life is great. Flash power is great. I wont be able to comment on specifics but its a great purchase for a beginner.
camera|This is the nicest, most amazing camera I have ever owned. It was listed as "used" and the rating just down from the best catagory under the used condition's description. I paid just a little more than half of what Amazon had it listed for when brand new. The notice regarding shipping said it would arrive in 5 to 7 days, but it arrived the very next day, Saturday. It was packaged within a large box, in the original Nikon box. Honestly, with the exception of a small sticker on the outside of the Nikon box that said "refurbished", I could not tell that the camera was not new. It is just wonderful! It works like a champ and takes the clearest pictures. If only I were a better photographer, but that's not the camera's fault... LOVE IT!!!
camera|And I was far from disappointed. A step up from point and shoot, and the first few pictures I've taken (I've only had it for a week or so) have been far and away better than anything I've taken before. Plus enough gadgets and features that I suspect I'm only scratching the surface. For those who haven't played with one before, the weight might be a bit considerable, and I at least had a bit of a tricky time attaching the shoulder strap, but that's a minor concern altogether.
camera|As many, many reviews have already stated, the Nikon D3100 is a great DSLR for beginners or serious photographers who want a compact DSLR. At this point (June 2012) the D3100 and its 14-megapixel image sensor is slowly being phased out by the D3200 which has a 24-megapixel sensor. Honestly, although the D3200 is sure to be a great seller, most people will be MORE than fine with the D3100 and can save some cash buy buying this camera.I've made excellent, tack sharp prints as large as 16x20 inches from heavily cropped images from the D3100, so 14 megapixels is way more than most people need. Not only that, but if you get the D3200 you will need to buy larger capacity SD cards (or more of them) because the 24-megapixel images take up more storage space on the memory cards. The 18-55mm kit lens is a great starter lens and good for a wide range of uses from landscapes to portraits. Nikon's Vibration Reduction (VR) technology in the lens allows you to take sharp photos at lower shutter speeds without a tripod.I worked for years as a wedding and portrait photographer and I use the D3100 with the Nikon 35mm 1.8G, 50mm 1.8G and 85mm 1.8G as my compact DSLR kit. This allows me to to shoot portraits in available light and cover most portrait situations with a small camera bag. Sometimes I'll bring the 18-55mm kit lens along just to have wide angle coverage, but these smaller lenses I just mentioned are all I use with the D3100. Yes, you can use larger lenses with the D3100 but I personally don't use this camera with my larger lenses because the camera itself is so small that larger lenses make everything feel out of balance.Anyway, if you're looking for a simple compact DSLR that makes a good "family camera" then the D3100 is a good choice. Likewise, if you're an experienced photographer and you want a compact DSLR to use with a few compact lenses the D3100 is a perfect choice.
camera|I hung around in the store for a good hour before decided between the Nikon 3100 and the Canon equivalent. I kept weighing out the two, and the Nikon felt so much better. I was right to have made the purchase. Some call this an entry level professional camera but I wouldn't call anything that's 600plus dollars entry level. This is a mid level pro camera. You want entry level try something without lens attachments that costs half the price. The is a wonderful camera only problem is that it doesn't allow you to swap data because there is no usb cable included. I found that to be quite cheap of Nikon especially after paying so much for the camera. I solved the issue using the USB from my PS3 controller. They are the same high quality cable and it works just fine.The only problem I have is that the stock lense doesn't zoom very well. It's not good for closeup's unless you're right up on your subject. I like taking pictures of nature and one day I found this out the hard way trying to zoom in on a bird. I will probably get a better zooming lens later on once my wallet recovers from this purchase. Overall this is a fantastic camera and that's really all I can say about it is that I love it. If you do get it try to get a good bag to keep it in your camera will thank you.There are only one set of cons I have to the camera and that is adjusting the different picture mods. Auto works flawlessly just about but trying to get the same results by manually setting up shots yourself in the individual mods can be disastrous. I hope I get better with more practice from this camera.
camera|THIS CAMERA HAS COMPLETELY CHANGED MY FAMILY'S PHOTOGRAPHY EXPERIENCE.We were TIRED of "point and shoot" cameras and their HORRIBLE performace (blurry images, bad light, bad flash, slow action, slow flash, slow recharge time, slow everything, and everything was crap!)This camera has EVERYTHING you need (if you're a consumer, like me, not a pro).If you once heard, as I did, "if you're planning to use a pro DSLR in AUTO mode, you'll be wasing your money, better buy a point and shoot". OMG, I heard this so many times. THAT IS A LIE!!!!! YOU WERE WRONG!! This camera in AUTO mode takes sweeeeeet pictures.Buy it!The only thing you should know: if you really need good zoom, get another lens, this one only has 3x.
camera|This camera was my first DSLR and though it doesn't boast the many bells and whistles that its more expensive brethren do, it's a fantastic piece of equipment. If you are a beginner, this camera is for you. The interface is very user friendly, accentuated by the "guide" which walks you through different photographic techniques (e.g., blurring the motion of a flowing stream) and explains different functions (e.g., the various flash modes, focus modes, etc.). The image quality is excellent and boasts infinitely more creative avenues than a compact can.If you are a photo-enthusiast and have been shooting for several years, you will still love this camera. It is lightweight and great to travel with. The camera performs very well in low-light. With today's noise reductions softwares (e.g., Nik DFine 2.0, noise reduction within Lightroom, etc.) using high ISO's shouldn't even be a 2nd thought. At ISO 1600 images are excellent with a little bit of noise and at about 3200 noise gets a little much. Unless you are shooting fast-action sports, you'll find the 3 FPS burst rate to be sufficient. In camera editing tools make it a snap to edit your photos without having to wait to get to your computer. The only thing I miss is the ability to bracket exposures, particularly for HDR photography. I have not used the video mode much, but did notice that you can hear the camera focusing quite clearly. By adjusting some of the focus modes and switching to manual focus this issue goes away. Just takes a little messing around with.For the price this is a terrific camera. You can purchase this and still have money left over for a higher quality lens. That said, I have been very impressed with the kit 18-55 f/3.5-5.6. Given good light this little lens produces exceptional photos. At f/8 and 35mm images are very sharp. Minimal distortion at 18mm and images are a little soft at 55mm.I am rating this as 5-stars because of the value you get for the money you spend. Really cannot go wrong with this camera, either as a primary or back-up.
camera|This is my first dSLR. The camera takes great pictures but kit lens that comes with is not very good. What do you expect from an $100 18-55mm? If you have the $200 get the 35mm f/1.8 lens with this, its really amazing.The camera itself is great, but my main complaint is it doesn't have a wireless remote available like the D5100 does. The D5100 also has much less grain at higher ISO (and can go higher in general), bracketing/in camera HDR, and much better movie capabilities. I would have liked the upgrade, but since I am just starting out I figured those extras probably aren't worth the cost, and went with the 35mm lens instead of better camera body.Edit: I should also note this doesn't do the greatest job focusing in low or bright light. Also D-lighting is a useless gimmick, it makes your pictures worse.
camera|After owning many point and shoot cameras I wasn't happy with any of them. Actually just gave up and have been using my cell phone as a primary camera . But after owning this camera now for 2 weeks this thing is amazing its really hard to take a bad picture. No more red eye when taking photos of my children even in low light conditions and it is very user friendly. Family has even seen the pictures and asked what we were using to take such great photos. Extremely happy with this purchase thanks NIKON for such an awesome product at a good price. And thx to amazon for another great transaction.
camera|Yes, the AF in movie mode is loud, but anyone who wants to get the scenes they really want should be using MF to begin with. Images are very high quality. The on-board mic is crap, but will work in a pinch, otherwise have a stand alone. Body feels good in the hand(that's what she said) and layout is simple and intuitive. Nice low light and color levels and balance. Battery life has been great so far. I love this camera.
camera|Received this for Christmas 2010. Love it! The shutter speed is great for capturing a fast moving child. I have so many great shots that I would never have gotten if I was still using my old small point and shoot.
camera|I love my new camera. I've has it for over a month now and it takes awesome shots. I never had a DSLR before, only point and shoot, so I did a lot of research before I chose this one. The price on Amazon is literally unbeatable. It's really lightweight, and easy to use for someone who had no idea what she was doing. Still some things I have to get used to but I really do love it. It takes very crisp and awesome shots. I've used it at a concert in NYC where I was in the front row and the shots were incredible. I've also taken shots in central park and everything came out beautiful. I highly reccomend!
camera|I was hesitant to buy the D3100 at first because everyone I know says that canon is the way to go. After a week of researching this product I decided to jump on it. Needless to say the thing works great. I use it primarily for video and it has not let me down on the first project at all. Buying this camera gave me the professional look I needed for a price I was more than happy to pay.I was planning on buying a Prosumer level DSLR, probably well over a thousand dollars but the video capabilites on here are just as good. The only complaint is that it does not have a mic line in, but I paired this with a Zoom H1 and they cant be beat together. This camera handles light beautifully and it carries some of the features that canon makes you pay much more for. One instance would be the 11 point auto-focus.I will admit though I wish I had gotten the D5100 for the articulating screen, bigger CMOS sensor, and 20 min rec time on videos as opposed to 10 min on this device. If you have the extra hundred bucks get the 5100, if not you will be plenty happy with this model.
camera|We've used this camera now on a couple of trips in both very cold and very hot conditions. Camera feels good in the hands, is intuitive to navigate menus, and takes fantastic photos. Preset modes do a good job and if you want to go full manual it gets even better. Definitely would buy again
camera|I used a D40 for about 3 years and decided to upgrade and for the price the D3100 was perfect. I have enjoyed the many features such as the fisheye,and editing tools for those quick edits. I recommend the D3100 to anyone from the beginner to the novice.
camera|I have a Nikon D80 which is a great camera. However, I wanted something lighter to take with me on trips. I have several point and shoots from Canon and Nikon and just prefer to use a DSLR. It's a great little camera at a fraction of the price I paid for the D80 when it came out. It's light enough to carry around and it's great to be able to switch out lenses with my other Nikon. I like the video capability on this for short clips. Overall I think it's a great buy! I even love the 18-55mm VR lens that comes with it.
camera|I was looking for an entry level SLR which is easy to operate. Nikon 3100 offers a very good value for money product which is easy to operate. Would recommend to all photography enthusiasts starting to enjoy this hobby.
camera|I love my camera! It's my first SLR camera and I feel that its perfect for beginners! There are great features to this camera. I know I can depend on this camera because it is a Nikon.
camera|I havent totally figured out everything about this camera but so far i am very pleased. This is a great beginner camera. The lens it comes with is ok but i do recommend getting another lens for it so you can expand your options when photographing things. The HD movies i have made so far are great quality, videos are clear with no fuzzy ness unless you move quickly.
camera|Nikon D3100 is one very nice and with lots of options available entry level D-SLR by Nikon. It is sure a best option when it comes to D-SLR range of cameras available in the market with very reasonable price.
camera|The Nikon D3100 meets and surpasses its advance press - it is an excellent camera:easy to use, versatile, and delivers outstanding pictures: crisp, good color and lighting.Instructions, both on the camera and online, are thorough and coherent. Stronglyrecommended. And Amazon was a delight work with as usual.
camera|Ordered this camera for wife for Christmas, but it came with a defective battery. Nikon customer support was outstanding, sending a new battery immediately through the mail. Camera is outstanding, I know very little about photography and can easily use it, my wife is learning more about photography and is very happy with it so far. Already took lots of pictures inside and out and all have come out great. Very happy with the camera and the Nikon company.
camera|This camera takes excellent pictures morning, noon, and night. There are several things I wish it know had, such as bracketing. I just assumed that all DSLR's supported HDR photo (after all, the new iphone camera does it)... but I was unaware that HDR photos require bracketing. I know that this seems like a stupid mistake now, but this is my first DSLR, and I wasn't completely sure of all the terms mentioned. One other nice feature was the full 1080p video. the videos look nice, and the VR lenses keep video from shaking too much, but the autofocus makes a lot of noise in the video when you play it back. Now, that being said, only about 10% of my use is video, so that's not a major drawback.The bracketing feature is a small thing, one that could possibly be available with a firmware update (although I'm sure they will want to reserve the capability for their higher end models.)Also, the noisy autofocus can be avoided by simply manually focusing.Overall, it's a great beginner DSLR: excellent auto settings for a variety of lighting, sports, and closeup settings, full manual functionality, and very high quality images.
camera|I recently purchased this camera as a Christmas present for my wife after a detailed search of current DSLR cameras. I was buying based on image quality, affordability (quality for amount $ spent), and versatility (could I take my kid's pictures with this camera instead of hiring photographer and then take it on a trip to capture high quality prints for framing). At the end of the day, it came down to the D3100 and the Canon t2i. I chose the Nikon D3100. In essence, I believe I was able to get all of these functions with the purchase of the D3100. Thus far we have discovered that though there is a learning curve to upgrading to a DSLR it is one that can be navigated rather effortlessly and will assuredly continue to be improved upon over time. The image quality is spectacular (14.2 MP). There is a large LCD screen. The camera is not bulky and is easy to carry around (good for traveling or day outdoors). The only downside that I have discovered thus far is the need to purchase additional lens, which I am currently researching in an effort to discern the better of the 55-200mm lens vs the 55-300mm lens.
camera|I got around to writing review after more than a year since buying this camera. It meets my needs perfectly because I was looking for light-weight camera that gives good results indoors and has low shutter-lag. Indoor photos don't washout the subjects with excessive flash allowing natural skin tones to show. Shutter lag is low enough for capturing fleeting smiles. Size and bulk is small enough to hang on the neck or carry in a backpack.Most of my pictures are taken in Auto-mode but I love the results. Only once I fiddled around with manual focus, ISO and Aperture settings for 4th of July fireworks. Pictures I got were magazine-worthy.Battery life is long enough for over 400 shots, 16GB card is sufficient for lasting over couple of trips. I use Picasa for organizing photos and Sony's PMB for importing.I skipped buying the kit from Costco because I know I would not carry around two different lenses, let alone switch them. Instead I bought 18mm-105mm lens and thank my good judgment every time I use my camera. Lens is good enough for wide angles and perfect for portraits. Bokeh effect is as expected (can never get that from even high-end aim-and-shoots). I have taken shots of rainbows, closeups of kids, super close-ups of flowers, city-life, dance performances, beaches, sunsets and whatever else I fancy.I have never felt buyer's remorse for owning this. I just thought it is worth the expense to capture priceless memories of my kids before they grow up. I only wish D3100 had adjustable LCD like D5100's for taking ground-level photos or other unusual angles.
camera|I just received this camera and I completely love it. The quality of the shots are great, as I imagined they would be. The body of the camera is a lot smaller than what I expected, which is a good thing. I like electronics to be as small as possible without compromising any handling features, which I think Nikon did a great job with this. The camera feels great and does great.
camera|If your an amateur photographer like me and love quality, BUY THIS DSLR. I was amazed how crsip my pics looked, even with the standard lens that i got with my purchase. I bought another lens,(Macro) and i was having eyegasms. I was gonna buy the D90 but thats a bit expensive for my use, so this was a great choice and a buy. I love Nikon because of their lens. Hope you stop looking around and plce your order on this great DSLR. Keep smiling :)
camera|Pros:&#8232;Good camera for first time photographers starting off. Absolutely no regrets on this purchase. Starting from the first day of use, I always see how good the quality of the pictures/videos it captures, and all the available advanced features. Simple and fun to use, with all of the advanced features easy to learn and understand. There's no need to spend more money on more expensive DSLR's, since this is more than I expect and such a bargain as well!&#8232;&#8232;Cons:&#8232;There is no way to protect this camera from water, so using this in the rain or snow will be a problem. It'll be better if this was waterproof. That's my only complaint.
camera|This is my 1st DSLR and I couldn't be more pleased. I've already bought a better glass for it and the pictures are amazing. The 18-55mm lens it came with was just too restrictive for the photos I wanted so I bought the 18-105mm lens and the pictures are truly amazing. The menu did take me awhile to get used to but the buttons are well within reach for quick adjustments to the most common settings (aperture, iso, shutter speed). Photography is just a hobby for me. I know there are better cameras out there and I have a ways to go but its real fun with this camera!
camera|After years of shooting what I thought were good photos with a small point and shoot camera, I recently took the leap and bought myself this Nikon D3100 DSLR camera. Folks, there's really NO comparison to those small vacation cameras. Yes, they might be smaller and easier to use, but the capabilities are SO limited to what a true DSLR camera can offer. The Nikon D3100 is a great buy for what you get. Very easy to use, very intuitive layout, and relatively easy to set up and start shooting. Add to that countless great features (live view, several in-camera effects, light weight, image quality) make the D3100 a no brainer.At the rock bottom price of under $500, you open up a whole world of photography that's not accessible if you're just using a small point and shoot camera. I'd suggest getting a small Nikon external flash before getting an additional zoom lens. The small flip up flash is powerful and does a good job of lighting up dark shots, but it cannot compare to the soft, natural light from a bounced dedicated flash. I'm amazed at how great non-flash photos look - even without using a tripod.Bottom line is this: if you're ready to step up to the world of DSLRs, you can't do any better than the Nikon D3100. I looked at the Canon T3, and it just seemed like a cheap plastic toy compared to the D3100. I'm looking forward to years of enjoyment with my new D3100, and I have ZERO regret after buying it. Great camera with room to grow as I become a better photographer.
camera|I have had a D40x, D3000, and D5100. The D5100 for about one hundred and fifty more dollars is worth it. The sensor is much better and the pictures come out better. The D3200, the newest camera release is a good camera as well. Although its megapixel rating is higher, the D5100 still takes better pictures. No need to dive into all the functions and such here as there are many websites that do that. However, take a look at dpphoto's web site, as they have sample pictures that you can compare side-by-side in close up detail to see the differences in camera quality.This is a great camera and you won't go wrong with it, but it is aging in the line up. I recommend getting the sb400 flash as your pictures indoors will come out much better using it as a bounce flash.
camera|As a mom of 3 little ones, I was so frustrated with the pictures I was getting of them with my old camera. I decided it was time to step up to a dSLR. After reading all the reviews and researching, I decided on the Nikon d3100.I have been SO thrilled and happy with my decision! This camera is awesome. Right when I took it out of the box, I was so happy with the weight of the camera (doesn't seem as bulky as you would expect a dSLR to be).It takes beautifully crisp and clear pictures even if you are just using it on Auto mode. No matter the lighting, the pictures always come out great for me. Anyone with young kids knows this is a MUST because sometimes you can't manipulate lighting, etc. when you need a spur of the moment shot of a big first or something cute they are doing. One night I took a picture of my baby on Auto in a completely dark room, and it came out very clear and clean looking.I have been learning how to use the camera in manual mode, and am getting BEAUTIFUL shots. It has been pretty easy to learn how to use this camera. I am not trying to be a professional, but I feel as though I am able to get semi-professional looking shots of my kids with this camera.I absolutely recommend this camera for any beginner! I couldn't be more satisfied with my purchase. THANKS Nikon for a wonderful high quality camera!
camera|I would highly recommend this Nikon 3100 entry level DSLR. Like most people, the choice for me was also between a Canon and Nikon. While they are both excellent cameras, I liked the look of the Nikon more. I haven't purchased any additional lens yet but the kit lens has taken some gorgeous pictures. The menu is easy navigate and it is also easy to transfer pictures to my computer. I also purchased the Dummies Book for the 3100 which has really helped me know more about DSLR photography and this camera. Love it and highly recommend it!
camera|Can anybody tell me if this camera, off of amazon, comes with a warranty? I know it says check with manufacture but I am a little unsure of what that means. My boyfriend just bought this camera 3 weeks ago and the lens cracked. :(
camera|I've been checking the price of this camera for several weeks. I wonder why the price went up $100 from last week? It was selling for $549.
camera|I got it for a good price. It's the best value.Now I am taking photos like a pro. And those photos looks super nice on my iMac 27.
camera|I purchased this camera 2 months ago to take pictures of my little online store I sell handbags, scarves, bangles, hats sunglasses). I was a little hesitant to spend $638 for a camera (and now its 599.99). But I paid a lot of money to get my website done, and it makes no sense to have a beautiful website and crappy pictures. Overall I'm very happy with the camera. It takes really really great pictures. The pictures are so sharp, focus and clear. It looks like the products are right in front of you instead of being in a picture. I'm no photographer, but this camera makes it seem that way. People ask me who take the pictures for my site, because the pics look so good. The guy that did my website also asked me and said that they look very professional. He thought the camera was a canon, I told him it's a nikon and he said wow. I cannot comment on the specs but it's a great camera.
camera|Let me first start out by saying that I'm definitely a novice when it comes to photography, but my wife and I have always enjoyed it, and have managed to get some good travel photos (outdoor, good lighting) with higher end point and shoot cameras in the past. Our latest Canon P&S is only a few years old, so I honestly didn't really think that I needed any upgrade, but after our first son was born a few months ago, we broke down and bought the D3100 because we were having so much trouble getting good, clear photos of him.The D3100 has been awesome so far. We just had our son's baptism, and took tons of photos inside the church and restaurant afterwards (most on auto since we handed the camera off to relatives), and even on auto it was a huge difference in quality from our past indoor photos. We've also played around with the different modes, and have already taken some cool portraits with the backgrounds softened (we've always loved that effect). The guide mode was pretty helpful at first, and it was definitely one of the features that made us feel more comfortable upgrading to an SLR camera. I was also surprised at how small the camera is. I always had the impression that SLR's were pretty bulky, and we were concerned that we might not want to take this one with us travelling, but it's actually a lot smaller than I would have thought. We've ended up taking it pretty much everywhere with us. We've also been spoiled so much by the quality of the D3100 photos that we have absolutely no reason to take photos with our P&S camera anymore.1080p video is also an added bonus, and one of the features that we were really interested in too with taking home videos of kids, dogs, etc. The sound of the lens auto-focusing hasn't really been an issue for us. Maybe there's been a lot of background noise when we've taken videos so far, but I haven't really noticed it much. The D3100 has really been a great camera so far...far better than what I expected even after reading all of the positive reviews.
camera|I am just starting to get into photography and this camera is a great start, easy to use, change lens, easy to connect to the pc and download my images. I was debating about this or the Canon rebel for the longest time but I have heard so many good things about this camera so I wanted to give it a try. Lots to learn still but so far so good.
camera|It's true , the Nikon D3100 is the best Entry-Level DSLR. The value you get for the price you pay is Excellent.One draw back in video recording is that you can't use it for long period of time. The camera gets hot and you can't open the Live View to capture video till the camera cools down. Also noting that you can only capture 10-minutes clip then the recording stops and you have to start recording again.
camera|This is my first DSLR, and I'm continually blown away by it's capabilities! I've had it about 4 months now, and I don't regret buying it at all. I never saw myself as a decent photographer before, but with this camera, I've taken some amazing pictures. The colors are vibrant and clear. It's very forgiving if you don't have a steady hand--even with the vibration reduction turned off. The battery lasts a long time. As a beginner, the interface is really easy to use and intuitive, not intimidating at all. I don't have a whole lot to say about the video because I haven't really used it that much.Bottomline: Don't even F with anything less than this. This is one great camera! If you're getting an entry level DSLR, this one is the King!
camera|I am completely happy with the purchase of the Nikon D3100. It is not too complicated to go outside of the average person's learning curve. It is an entry level digital camera, but it has enough bells and whistles to keep me very content and happy as I am learning how to take digtial photographs using the the various settings on this model. For someone new to 35 DSLRs or moving up from a non DSLR, I would highly recommend the D3100 for a starter camera.
camera|I purchased the D3100 about two months ago; it is my first SLR/DSLR camera. For under $1000, I narrowed my choices down to the D3100 and the Nikon T2i. Ultimately, the T2i's added benefits did not justify the extra $250 AND there are several areas in which the D3100 beats the T2i, including some aspects of image quality, portability, and video. In addition, in researching my first DSLR I learned that lenses are equally as, if not more, important as the camera itself. And so, I wanted to spend some of my budget on an additional lens (35mm 1.8 af-s).In summary, if this is your first SLR and you don't know what an f-stop is, you will be thrilled with the Nikon D3100 or IMO the Canon T2i. Both are fantastic cameras that will meet all of your needs. I am VERY happy that I chose the D3100 over the T1i or T2i. Also, the D3100 is significantly different and improved from the D3000, in case you're as confused as I was in the beginning.I also recommend buying a Field Guide specific to your camera, and taking some classes.
camera|Bought this product for my wife since she has been using a Nikon N65 for several years. The quality of pictures and camera quality is great. Its very easy to use even for an amateur like myself. Love the "Guide" mode. Very useful. Also, fully compatible with older Nikon style lenses. Great buy.
camera|I am new to digital SLR photography, so I did a lot of research before buying a camera. As with anything, there were tons of great reviews and some negative - however, I decided to go with it anyway. I am so glad I did. Not only did Amazon ship this order *SO* fast (From the time I ordered to the time it was at my doorstep was about 36 hours...amazing!), but I just started taking pictures and I am already impressed. I've been watching the video that came with the free Nikon camera bag and it is so helpful. I've already taken so many great pictures, so I can't wait to learn more! I would definitely recommend this camera to anyone who is considering it.
camera|I'm an amateur photographer and this is my first DSLR camera Nikon D3100 14.2MP Digital SLR Camera with 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 AF-S DX VR Nikkor Zoom Lens. I've only had it for a few weeks but I can say this is one nice little camera. I'll use it primarily for taking photos while traveling. On my first trip with this camera I was able to take some really nice pics. I like it's ability to take photos in low light and that it's small and lightweight.
camera|My husband bought this camera for me for Christmas. I love it. It's so easy to use. I'm still learning to use it, but it takes great pictures. When you set it to sports mode, it will freeze the action of a person running, walking, flipping in the air, or whatever. I suggest that you buy the Nikon D3100 Field Guide, also available on Amazon. The D3100 takes incredibly sharp and crisp pictures. Of course, Nikon is just an awesome camera anyway. I highly recommend it to anyone.
camera|This is my first DSLR camera and so far its awesome. It is so easy to use and the image quality is amazing. I have little knowledge of photography, so I was skeptical to move away from the point and shoot cameras since the quality wasnt bad and it was simple to use. However, this camera has made the transition easy. I am learning all of the settings and such but so far this camera is awesome! Id totally recommend this to someone who is ready to make the move from point and shoot to DSLR. Hope this helps anyone!
camera|Great camerait has a fast shutter response from when you push the button to when it goes click, it's very similar to using a 35mm film SLRFull 1080p video is a nice feature to have in a still cameraI Love this camera I looked at cameras for the past 3+ years deciding what to buy, and when this camera was released I decided this is the one, it has plenty of control for the extreme enthusiast, and full auto for the point and shoot snap shots too, ether way it takes great pictures, probably not something a long time professional would use at their job, but is a great off hours camera for taking casual pictures.Light weight body, loaded with tons of features, commonly only found in higher end units.it is a great entry leave DSLR from Nikon, it has a better warranty then cannon's one year, it has 5 year warranty, and it is priced less than the comparable cannon.with this camera you are only limited buy your imagination and creativity :)purchased my from Adorama Camera it came with a 18-55m AF-S VR DX lens, a 55-200mm AF-S DX telephoto zoom none VR lens, and the Nikon Starter case with Nikon School DVD #5a great valueI finally found a Camera worth spending my hard earned money onUpdate: The view finder on this camera is not sealed, allowing dust, and material from the camera bag to get inside the view finder, and it is not covered under the warranty!
camera|After reading so many reviews (D90, D5000, D3100) on Amazon, cameralabs, imaging-resource etc. I decided to get a D3100 for my manual focus Nikkor/Tokina/Tamron lenses. Why?1. Value for money: It is cheaper than D5000 ($100US saved, not really cheap if you consider the dual lenses offers for D5000. Not such offers for D3100 in Singapore, so you might have to pay a bit more to get the 55-200mm VR + battery if you opted for D3100. In that case, why not just get the 70-300VR or 55-300VR if you need a tele zoom lens.) If I want metering for my manual focus lenses, I have to pay more than double of D3100 for the new D7000.2. Quiet shutter. Not sure about this compared to the D5000 since I have never heard D5000's shutter sound outside the shopping mall. Based on the reviews, I think D90 is too loud so D90 is out of my consideration, furthermore D90 is a 2 yrs old model.3. Image quality. New is always better, I think so since this is not a Canon. D5000 is a 1.5 yrs old model, although it has better D-lighting control but it might be discontinued very soon.Some tips:FN - set to ISO control. Easy control your ISO speed.AF-L - set to AF lock. Just lock the AF and you can just fire without the lens to re-focus again, very fast.EV - set to -0.3EV for matrix metering, outdoor images look like always over exposed a bit.Cons:-SD card's door is a bit shaky.-The LCD screen turns on every times you change ISO speed and exposure compensation/aperture setting in M. Since I know where the buttons are, I don't want to move my eyes away from the viewfinder. A bit annoying.-Handgrip is a bit short to grasp when shooting with long lens (180mmAF etc)
camera|I purchased this camera for my husband as a gift. He took it on a recent cruise and found it to be very user friendly and he took some great pictures. He liked the versatility, the fact that he could interchange lenses. The large LCD screen made for easy viewing. It is loaded with features which makes it a great camera.
camera|I had purchased Nikon FE camera in 1979 while in Germany. In 2005 I bought the D70 digital camera and it was a great camera. But as we all know technology improves each and every day, so I bought this year the D3100 and find the quality is very good and out does my D70. I will never go go any other brand of camera but Nikon
camera|I've had a Nikon D70 since it came out back in 2003/4. With the release of the D3100 I thought it was time to upgrade. With film cameras, upgrading a body doesn't really mean much when it came to the quality of the picture. It was more important to get great lenses. With digital, it's a bit different -- a body represents the body and film. My D70 had image processing technology from 7 years ago. The D3100 has significantly improved the image quality and processing. The difference in picture quality with the same set of lenses I had before are amazing. The only drawback to the upgrade was a loss of a few features that my D70 had like bracketing (only useful for me with HDR -- so not a huge loss) and support for lenses that didn't have an autofocus motor. However, the huge gains in image processing and ergonomic improvements were more than enough of a compromise for me. If you want something that has those features, you might want to look at the D7000 which is basically like the D70-90 with a lot a much better image processor. Anyway, the D3100 is an awesome camera and I'm sure I'll own it for a long time.
camera|I had to shoot my friends wedding in a couple of days and my old camera was not quite up to the task. So I bought the Nikon D3100. Since I didn't have time to puruse all the features before the wedding, I basically left it on the fully automatic function (including focus). ALL of the pictures were perfectly exposed and clear without a tripod in a poorly lit area (inside). The pictures we took outside were beautiful as well. My friend was super happy with her pictures and so was I. Now I look forward to getting more creative.
camera|I have a Point-and-shoot Panasonic DMC-LZ5 and i was saving money to buy mi first DSLR. I read a lot of reviews and my conclusion was that Nikon and Canon are similar in everything so i decided to buy the Nikon D3100 because was cheaper than the T2i and because supposedly have less noise using high ISO levels, two focus point extras, a little slower in continuos shooting just 3fps and dont have microphone input, but what you can find slightly better in one is slightly less better in the other, so, you decide. Nikon D3100 is a beautiful camera that take beautiful pictures and i am happy because is my first DSLR, my first experience with professional equipment. I do not pay attention to the video because i do not use it too much, but sadly suffer the jello effect. If you want to take great pictures do not worry about video, because of that i give 5 stars. I recomend this item.
camera|Excellent entry level DSLR camera. Love all the features and performs like a true star. The included lens takes amazing and beautiful pics. Having an aperture of 3.5 - 5.6, I was amazed how well it does with indoor light (at night) with no flash. I highly recommend camera. Best part with DSLR..we have so many lenses to choose from for our D3100 to take great pics with ;)
camera|I have just graduated from point & shoot to dslr photography. I purchased this camera to use for my first photography class and it is AWESOME! I will not get very technical like many of the reviews, however, I conducted ALOT of research on Cannon and Nikon before I went with the D3100. It takes great pictures in all modes and is easy to learn. I am a novice, however after just one class, I feel confident shooting in manual mode and this camera makes understanding the settings very easy. My pictures are already getting rave reviews and I get better with each shutter release. This is a great bargin, the functions are simple to learn and soon you will have the confidence and knowledge you need when you're ready upgrade to a higher level camera if you choose. The kit lense is good quality, but you will naturally want to upgrade as soon as you become more familiar with creative photography concepts. Although, I did not buy this camera for video, I have taken good quality movies (of children playing the Wii), with no complaints about sound or the auto focus issues discussed by others. I love this camera! For the cost, it's a great way to get into dlsr photography and build a great foundation.
camera|I am a throwback from the 35mm SLR days of b&w photography and haven't touched anything but a point and shoot since I lost all my developing equipment, chemicals, papers, and priceless photos in a flood in 1983. I finally bit the bullet and got my new Nikon D3100 DSLR about a month ago and have been clicking ever since. I am a bit intimidated by all the new technology and the fact that my darkroom will no longer be a closet converted to a darkroom, but is as handy as my computer. I am also intimidated by all that I have to learn about digital photography. I am blown away by how compact and lightweight the D3100 is, even when I have my 300mm zoom attached. Since I am quite the neophyte, I have been mostly shooting in auto mode and the picture quality is fantastic. Gradually I will get more creative in the manual mode, as that is where the real fun is for me. But for now, I am enjoying my reentry into the world of photography. And my Nikon D3100 is holding my hand along the way. What can I say, I love my camera! I don't think you can go wrong with this camera. If I have one negative, it is that I don't find the manual very helpful or user friendly. But there is so much information on the internet that I don't feel the void. If you're thinking about a first camera or, like me, want to get back into photography, the Nikon D3100 is the best place to start. Happy Clicking!
camera|Bought this and have not regretted getting it. I would recommend getting the 55mm - 200mm lens if you can afford it. Love the pictures i take with this camera.
camera|This camera is awesome, takes the most beautiful pictures. I am new to the dslr world and the camera is pretty dummy proof. I brought it with me on a recent trip and the clarity and color of the pictures I took was amazing. Also, has a video feature which is great, only having lug around one camera. The camera is pretty light weight. I would recommend to any first time dslr users.
camera|good prodct..... very low light work.... I've played with the canon t2i and I prefer this one... much better job at all aspects... Nikon great...
camera|So I decided it was time to get a digital SLR camera. I've always wanted to get into photography, but the cost of developing film with our old film SLR and the non-artistic feel of our point-and-shoot digital cameras, has kept me from pursuing it. With some persistent prodding I convinced my wife that it was something I really wanted, so we splurged for it. I decided to get an entry level D-SLR; the Nikon D3100 with the 18-55mm kit lens for $550 on Amazon. The real deal was the Auto-focus 70-300mm Nikkor VR lens for $200 off when you buy any Nikon D-SLR, so it made for a good deal. The Vibration Reduction is really amazing. The feel of the D3100 is great for a beginner, but I can already see why it is in the "entry level" category. There are these little quirks, you know. Like, in the "auto with no flash" mode (which is actually really great most of the time) sometimes the camera glitches and washes out the image with extreme over-exposure. This is only in low-light situations. In general the camera is pretty inconsistent in low-light settings. The auto-focus is especially finicky here, making AF near impossible, though this is most prominent with the zoom lens and may be an issue with the lens. In the "Live mode" the AF is absolutely useless unless you are in full daylight. Maybe this is an issue with the settings, but it seems pretty limited in the setting category. But, all that said, I absolutely love this camera and it is perfect for me to experiment with and to learn the art of photography. I am already ordering a fixed zoom in the AF-S 35mm f/1.8G as I read these are great for low light shots and would help with photos in the studio.
camera|I got the D3100 for Christmas. My wife saw it on Oprah's Favorite Things show. She also found a link to a review of the camera on my desktop. I almost bought it for myself. 2 + 2 = Merry Christmas & thank you Oprah. Very high quality and so easy that I could almost teach my dog to use it.
camera|I have had the 3100 for 2 months and after 1000 pics, I am impressed with it. The best thing is the light weight. The pics are awesome. It is a little dificult to get up to speed with it but after studyong the manual for awhile you can really get some nice shots. The video mode shoots really amazing movies but it really uses a lot of memory get a large SD card if you are going to do a lot of video.
camera|I have this camera for about 9 months. Let me tell you this camera never leaves my sight. Originally the Idea was to take family pictures especially of my two year old. I ended up snapping away on a handful of weddings birthdays all kind of gatherings. I liked it so much the counter turned over once already (9999 is the max) now I just passed 3000 again. I love the idea of getting really technical and stuff I just don't see the reason for it. If you're a knowledgeable enthusiast this camera are still a good choice. Excellent video quality but pity for the crappy sound quality and the noisy lens however it did not bother me as you'll going to edit the videos with sound anyway. If you want better sound you'll need a sound recorder and work them together. I have from an earlier set up 80-200 Lens and I'm just about to pick up a 50mm prime lens which are a must. We live in Florida and I haven't use much of my flash yet (SB 600) but I have it just in case. Its small size excellent battery life and simple use are makes it all the best. It's the cheapest of the Nikon lineup with 1080 video. It's certainly fools everyone just by looking at it and there is a difference between let's say D7000 or D90 my previous camera compare to the D3100 but it's less than half the price! So here you go.I would recommend this to a friend. I would by this again. Also being fairly new product it has its issues. I refuse to purchase any after market product such us a cheap battery pack ( if you need one you'll need a different camera all together) but I already managed to scratched the display. It would be nice to have a screen protector like the D90 does. Otherwise is a solid 4 star.
camera|I have been pining for a digital SLR for a couple years. A vacation trip to Lake Tahoe and Reno finally provided the impetus to go from want to buy. Several friends have Nikon DSLRs and all raved about them, so the choice was pretty easy.I love this camera: it's easy to use, the exposure in high or low light situations is excellent, the colors are vibrant,and battery life is very good. I have no regrets about choosing the Nikon D3100 and am looking forward to a long, fun, and fulfilling relationship.
camera|Affordable price and very professional quality of Images, very easy to use for beginners also as there is Guide mode. No Doubt Nikon is best in its own way and specialty in imaging products, D3100 is best camera for people who want to store their family moments, one can use this camera for professional purposes also.
camera|I was upgrading from a point and shoot, and wanted to move to the DSLR range. Based on my research, I felt this was a good option for a beginner. I have gotten some really good photos, but the only thing is to get used to manually moving the focus. Also, using the various preset modes was very useful as I could get the sort of shots I was looking for, without really doing much manual changes.I highly recommend this as a good cost effective option for people who are starting out with a DSLR.
camera|I bought this as an upgrade from my D40 and as a DX alternative for when I don't want to lug around my D700. It is a HUGE upgrade from the D40 which just seems so primitive in comparison. The 18-55 is a fantastic lens and goes great with this camera, as does the Nikon 18-200mm f/3.5-5.6 G ED-IF AF-S VR DX Zoom-Nikkor Lens which is what is currently on mine. The big surprise was how great the video is! I'm of the a-camera-should-be-a-camera camp but the videos I shot with this were amazing! I don't understand why people keep knocking it. Definitely has that cinematic feel to it if you shoot it wide, and the image qulity is really outstanding. The camera does feel a little small in hand though, and I'm a girl with smaller hands than most. Or it might be that it just feels so tiny compared to the D700. Either way, it's small enough that I just wrap it up in my Domke F-34L 19-Inch Protective Wrap (Black) and stick it in my purse and go. The fact that it's so small while still managing to produce such great images is such a pleasant surprise and I find myself reaching for this little guy more often than my D700! If you're moving up from an older DSLR then you will be more than happy with the D3100. If you're looking for a DX backup to your FX cam, then this is a fun little camera that packs a lot of punch, and you won't be disappointed!
camera|I received the Nikon D3100 as a Christmas gift & I use it nearly every day to take outdoor pictures, such as sunsets. I previously used a Nikon Coolpix & iPhone camera for my sunsets that I post on Facebook for my friends to enjoy. My new D3100 took my photos to a whole new level in terms of resolution. Obviously I am very satisfied with my D3100! It is extremely user friendly & it is the perfect step up from a compact digital camera. I do recommend that you purchase an additional battery, an LCD screen cover & a very roomy camera bag being as you will probably end up with a few additional lens for this camera on down the road.
camera|Camera is awesome!! Very easy to use. It's great having the camera snap a photo when you press the shutter compared to a much slower focus on a point-and-shoot. I have been very satisfied so far with my D3100, and have gotten some very great shots. I find myself using the different modes (portrait, sport, etc.) when I am not sure which settings to use, which makes using the camera possible until I educate myself better. I would definitely recommend this product to a friend, or anyone at that matter.
camera|My fiancee and I bought this to take pictures of our wedding planning process and also as an investment into our future. Before this camera, both of us were only accustomed to the simple point and shoot digital cameras. While we are still just beginning to learn to handle this piece of machinery, the results that we are getting are already clearly different from a non-DSLR camera. I can't wait until I see what it's truly capable of once I know what I'm doing!
camera|I purchased the D3100 less than two weeks ago and this was the first outing with it. I never knew a camera could walk down cement stairs like a slinky! I have seen it and now know that we are fortunate to have such a sturdy camera. I had the kit lens on with a cheap filter when the camera slid off the Nikon strap and took a leap down the front porch. My jaw dropped as the rest of me froze. I didn't want to miss and hit it, pushing it harder down the stairs..I also didn't want to nose dive into the driveway.I paused before I picked up the delicate camera, making sure everything was in one piece. I looked at it and everything so far seems functional. Flash popped up, lens still zooms and focuses - all features are great. The back of the body did have a tiny bite taken out of a corner, a scratch on the top of the pop-up flash, and a few knicks on the filter. The LCD display functions properly, however it did seem to have a slight bend to the picture that is difficult to describe. The only time I noticed it was when I powered camera on, and the pixels light a black color across the screen, while the top, left side, and top of right side had a slight white/green/grayish wavey color. All only for a split second and only along the edge. Within reason, this could have been there prior to "testing".As I mentioned, all functions seem normal. If I do happen to notice something different I will update this review to inform. Now for future reference, I would suggest not giving your camera a chance to see which medal it would get for tumbling. Just make sure your strap is securely attached to your camera and also hold the camera every chance you get.
camera|This camera is by far the best amateur camera on the market this year. I am personally an amateur myself, and when I bought this camera I really appreciated the value it brought. I had been doing my research and didn't want to spend more than $750 for a body and kit lense. I was comparing the D5000 and the D3100, and the D3100 came out on top surprisingly. I really liked the D5000 though because of it's size. I have big hands and my little D3100 looks like a brownie camera in my hands. The D5000 has a bigger body and fits ergonomically better. D3100 also came out with the new "flick switch" function, allowing to you instantly flick a switch and it will switch over to movie mode, instead of having to change the option dial. This is great for capturing a short clip if you don't have time to look at the top of your camera to change it. My only real problem with the D3100 is the fact that it does not have a sensor built in for a wireless shutter release remote, as well as wireless flash trigger modes(you'll have to fork out another few hundred to get the camera body that has those functions).I ended up buying aftermarket wireless triggers to do the job, which work fine, but I'd rather be more compact. I mostly shoot landscape photography, but do enjoy portraiture as well. I am constantly practicing and learning new techniques.Great starting camera for me, since I'm newer to photography. I'm self-taught, and I've read up alot on how to use a DSLR properly. Note* if you learn to shoot Manual, Aperture, Shutter, or Program, I guarentee your photos will look so much better. Grasp the concepts of Aperture, Shutter times, ISO, etc. This camera can be used as "so easy a dumb person could do it" or you can use it to it's full potential and shoot like an amateur who wants to turn professional.I would not recommend buying this product if you have absolutely NO knowledge of all of the concepts I listed above, or if you have no desire to learn these concepts and just want to shoot Auto. These cameras take great photos in Auto, but take GORGEOUS photos in Manual.
camera|This is a Great Camera, the body is solid, all the buttons is perfectly position. Take great pictures, came out really clear. The Battery lasted a long time on one charge...just shooting with Auto mode right now and itperform just fine.
camera|The Nikon D3100 is a great DSLR camera for those who are new to digital Photography. It offers great features, which are enough to get great looking photos. I won't go into all the technical details because that's already been explained by so many people here. I just want to say that this camera is easy to use and not too big or heavy, which makes it easy to take anywhere. I am also a filmmaker, so I love the fact that it has HD video capabilities. I wish it had an audio input so that I could record good quality audio with my video, but I guess it's not really a problem because of the price of the camera. I highly recommend this camera to anyone who is just starting in digital photography, or anyone who just loves taking great photos but can't afford to buy a professional camera.
camera|Before people start freaking out I am not comparing this to a Canon 1DX when I mention "PRO" in the review title, rather, that I use this consumer targeted camera for a very specific professional task. I own 4 of these "kits", basically the D3100 and the 18-55 lens. My company does high volume photography, mostly sports, schools and events (we will photograph over 90,000 kids this year) and I thought I would give these a shot to see how they would hold up for some of my basic sports portraits shoots and I am pleasantly surprised. Make note of the word PORTRAITS after sports, we do not use these for action.I actually compared this, side by side, shot by shot with the Canon T2i when deciding which way to go since I was going to be purchasing so many of them. It was actually a pretty big decision since I was deciding on a Nikon camera when my personal camera is a Canon 7D. When comparing the 2 cameras I literally set them up on tripods right next to each other, took shots in the exact same settings, conditions, etc. First, I compared everything in Manual mode, then I let the camera do the work in Shutter Priority, Aperture Priority and full Program Mode. Without running through every single shot I can simply say the Nikon D3100 beat the Canon t2i, much to my surprise. This was a VERY close comparison and, in the end, the price of the Nikon helped tip the scale in that direction.Image QualityThe D3100 wins here. How, you say, is that possible? The Canon is 18 megapixel and the Nikon is only 14.2...true, but Nikon has a secret weapon, the 18-55 lens! Believe it or not, the 18-55 Nikon lens, the KIT lens that comes on this camera and many others, is actually one of the sharpest images Nikon makes. I wouldn't believe it if I hadn't taken hundreds of shots, blown them up to 100% and compared them side by side. Now, if you are looking for something where you plan to change lenses from time to time, then the Canon is the better choice. However, in the case of my very specific needs, where I will never need to change out the lens on this camera because it is for sports portrait shoots only, you cannot beat the D3100. I actually chose the Canon for another area of my business out of state where I needed more durability and flexibility...more on that in another review.As with any product, it will ultimately boil down to how you plan to use it. If you are a consumer who is just getting into Digital SLR cameras, this is a great way to start. It is cheap and it takes great images. It has video, which is nice, although I do not use it so I can't give an in depth review of that functionality. Make sure that you get the kit with the 18-55 lens though, that makes a big difference in image quality.It also has a great little feature that would be really helpful to beginners trying to understand how Aperture works. It has a little animation on the LCD screen that shows an actual camera iris opening or closing as you adjust the aperture, which is helpful for beginners trying to understand the lower number being a bigger aperture concept.So, to sum it up:PROS:Price: You can't beat it, if you watch Amazon closely you will be able to catch it in the $500 range or maybe a bit less if you are luckyImage Quality: Really amazing image quality WITH the 18-55 lens especially.Good for Beginners: Has some really good tutorials to help beginners understand the basics of DSLR.Great "Auto" settings: Produces really nice images on many of the standard settings for Shutter and Aperture Priority and full Program. (although I recommend to beginners to try to learn how to shoot in Manual mode at least to understand how it works and NEVER use any of the silly settings like "Sports" or the other ones.)CONS:Not very tough: It feels a lot cheaper than the CanonReally small: It looks ridiculous with an SB900 flash on it! (This is a con for me but might be a pro for others)Overall, I definitely recommend it for a beginner or someone with a very specific professional need like I have. It earns 5 stars for how I use it.
camera|I have always used compact P&S cameras and have always been happy with most of the results. I finally think I was ready to make the crossover to a DSLR and so I bought this camera. Everything with this camera is miles ahead of any P&S I ever owned. While there is a learning curve (and price tag) associated with these kinds of camera's, I am more mad at myself for not switching earlier. It's not unusual for me to take several hundred photos on any given vacation. And for me to have the clarity and overall great pictures of every shot is by far the most important aspect of photo taking for me. I still use a compact P&S just because of the convenience they offer but when I am in need of great photos and I don't have a problem lugging around a larger camera then I go with the D3100. I am still building up my equipment and have only the 18-55mm and now a 55-200mm lenses. I really am looking forward to getting the SB-400 flash and hopefully that will help solve some of the night shooting issues I have had. I have also bought a Lowepro Sport 200 which makes utilizing this camera while biking or hiking extremely easy. Overall I am extremely happy with this camera and I feel I will get a lot of use from it. Now the only problem is that I have to install a larger hard drive to accomodate the massive numbers of photos I have/will be taking.
camera|I have been using Nikon D3100 for last 6 months. I am extremely happy with the photos & videos I capture. I never thought I can make photos of this quality & clarity. I recommend, Nikon D3100 as the best entry level DSLR, for those who wish to start photography on a DSLR. As a summary - The Nikon D3100 has a long list of features and functions that are simple to use, yet still yield powerful results.
camera|The camera is really excellent. I've put a memory range 10 and has a very good speed to take pictures. Many features, haven't seen everything yet. Overall excellent choise if you want a good camera and good price.
camera|I bought this camera for my wife who is getting her 2nd degree in graphics design. We were about to go on a trip to Europe and Germany, so I got it to use during this time. Although I don't have nearly as much of a love for pictures, this camera certainly made me like them more!The camera body is nicely designed and feels good using it. It is very easy to learn how to use and can be used by anyone with even the most basic knowledge of cameras. I also bought several 8GB class 10 SDHC cards for the camera. During daylight hours and with these cards, you are able to take pictures incredibly fast, you can take multiple shots in the time it takes most cameras to just take one.We bought the normal 18-55mm lens as well as the 55-300mm. With the 18-55mm lens you are able to take great pictures of scenery or people, and still be able to fit a lot in the picture or zoom up close a bit. With the 55-300mm lens you can take incredible shots from a very large distance.Of interest, we took pictures of 2 castles in Germany and showed the pictures on our 46' LCD TV to my family when they came over and we all were very impressed by the sheer size of the pictures and quality.Overall a great starter SLR camera for someone interest in getting into photography or just wanting a very nice camera.
camera|This camera is just amazing. The amount of functions and combinations seem endless.If you just want to get more control of your pictures, have some fun with your camera, learn more about photography, take amazing pictures, and not spend an insane amount of money, you should try the D3100.
camera|After film cameras, darkrooms, point and shoots, a D40 and a D50, the 3100 DX seemed a sensible next step.Of course, I will add a few lenses and a bag and tripod now.Took it into the desert. Still trying to figure it all out. Mostly use it on the A settting and with a polarizing filter.Nikon or Cannon. Can't go wrong either way but stick with one. The soft ware is not much but free photo editing software abounds. Why does Nikon sell better versions of its editing software? For the serious, that is not the way to go.An easy to use, practical camera.Nikon D3100 14.2MP Digital SLR Camera with 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 AF-S DX VR Nikkor Zoom Lens
camera|This is an easy to use, great camera. It takes wonderful pictures. The only problem I have is that it doesn't come with a usb cord to download the photos.
camera|I've had my D3100 for a few months now and I absolutely love it. I can't understand anyone giving this camera below a 4-star rating. This is a mid-range DSLR geared towards amateur photographers who should have some knowledge about these types of cameras. It is not difficult to learn with a little research.Pros: The picture quality is stunning for a 14mp. There are the usual options for different quality settings, RAW images, etc. I like the few features included to edit some of the pictures while on the camera, including fish eye lens effect and monochrome. (If you don't have Photoshop, this is a great feature). The 1080p video feature is pretty amazing. I filmed a short video for work, and the quality was better than the "professional" they hired previously. Large 3" LCD screen is nice. Uses the standard Nikon mount for additional lenses.Cons: The software included doesn't have the editing features that are on the camera itself, nor a video clipping option. Instead, I just import via the SD card and edit them through Photoshop. The videos are formatted into MOV files, which cannot be edited easily on a Windows PC. I downloaded software to convert them into AVI files, however this creates a loss of some quality in the videos. I find clipping the videos on the camera to be cumbersome. Also, the remote shutter release (for long exposures) cannot be controlled wirelessly (like my old D50) and you must buy a separate shutter release cord.All in all, it's a great camera for an ethusiast or hobbyist. The price isn't too steep.
camera|I am a photographer with Lifetouch portrait studios and this camera is AMAZING, its great for what I spent and it takes amazing photos. I have 3 lenses for it and I have the filters as well and It is great I would recommend this to anyone that loves photography.
camera|This camera is absolutely, AMAZING.I'm new to photography so I got this camera with the 55-200mm VR lens and free tiffon filter and it came to 690 - 20 dollar credit = $670.I am a beginner to DSLR photography and I feel like a professional with this camer. I mainly shoot on manual or auto without flash. I however use manual focus to have more control over what I want to capture. I know nothing about Apertures and very little about F Stops from what I learned in HS. I've just been playing around with settings and shooting after a change.This camera is very simple to use. And if you're stuck, Guide mode is your saviour. It feels like it was built with extra care, doesn't feel like plastic like some slr camera's may feel like.I am VERY happy with my purchase.
camera|This is my first SLR purchased. I am always into photography and i have been searching to buy a DSLR until it turned out to be nikon vs canon. I did some research and decided to learn from the very basic, thats why im getting this entry level slr to learn and master every feature. From what I learn, photography is not about the camera. It's about the lens which will determine how sharp your image and the person itself is the most important aspect. I chose nikon because I love nikon's lens quality. yes, it's true that canon has more variety and cheaper lens, but i prefer nikon's image performance. I chose nikon D3100 because it is probably the best ergonomics and best value entry level DSLR, plus it has 14 MP and new expeed 2 processing engine and you got a decent lens kit with VR. I guess for an amateur like me, D3100 offers more than enough to learn every single detail for your fist SLR experience. you can always upgrade your camera later either higher level of DX camera or the more expensive FX camera.Learn to shoot in manual then you will love this camera! it has a great control of noise in low lighting performance. It's super light too so you dont have to worry being bothered by it when you travel around.Lots of people say get nikon 35mm f/1.8 and that will be a perfect match and u are ready to go whenever and wherever u want with excellent image quality.Here is some help in setting:[...]Conclusion:it's a well-round entry level camera that will offer you great experience in SLR world. There is no point to get expensive SLR for your first one since you wont be able to use them anyway plus you might probably dont know how to use it. One of the best feature in D3100 is user guide that is installed inside the menu which will teach you step-by-step in taking pictures in various condition.Happy shooting!
camera|This camera is just plain and simply great. It provides great features for the novice as well as for the experienced. I am a novice photographer and I found it easy to use. More experienced photographers that I know said that it is an awesome camera after a few minutes of playing with it. The guys at nikon were right. They claimed that this camera would prompt and encourage novice users to explore the more advanced features of the camera so that you can take full advantage of its awesome power. I did after a few days of playing with it. Once you understand and know how to use the auto-settings 'guide' interface, you'll be prompt to set all the photography parameters yourself. This camera is an A+ for a beginner. Highly recommend it.
camera|I am still just in the learning phase of it all. I find it easy to use and has great color and sharpness. I was really goood with the film 35 mm SLR and I hope to get as good with this camera. I feel like I got more for my money in the digital land than I did when I bought my Pentax film slr and lense for it. You are able to delete photos that you don't like and print only the ones that are your favorites I researched a lot and weighed in this camera with a pentax and a canon I found this to be the best buy and more the middle of the road camera. I am very happy with it. I think anyone who wants a digital that they can experience more than just point and shoot will love this camera. If you don't plan on ever using the different aperatures f stops etc then I would stay with a nice point and shoot camera they will take as good of pictures as this does in its guide mode auto settings. If you want to get more in depth photos then go with this camera. I got my best deal through amazon when purchasing this camera.
camera|it is a awesome DSLR camera for the money and for starter of DSLR user. no worries its auto mode is worth for beginners
camera|As a beginning photographer, I was intimidated by the many models and lenses, and prices, but the nikon d3100 pulled me through. One of the best ways to find the camera right for you is to read through the features. And it is undeniable this camera has just about everything you need to begin and to grow. The guide mode is great, allows you to adjust many different settings. The menu is very easy to control and change settings, and the preview area is very easy to use...actually after the first few pictures I was easily maneuvering the camera. Autofocus is great, although I prefer manual, and the VR(vibration reduction) actually does help. The battery is amazing, I did not expect it to work as long as it did and the charging only takes a few hours. The body seems solid and lightweight, and the grip is perfect. The screen is the perfect size. The lens that came with it is pretty good, and as a beginner new lenses are something you'll come to add on. But what really made me love this camera is the video capabilities. The videos are simply cinematic. there is a 10 minute limit, but that is definitely enough time. The audio is not the best, I believe it is mono, and there is obvious noise from focus, but nothing too horrible. A simple, solid camera great for someone getting into photography or video. The price is astounding for the quality and features of this camera.
camera|I have been scouting for a DSLR that will help me in the transition from my usual point and shoot cameras. I have always been amazed with my friends indulging themselves into digital photography and yet are not keen into the quality of pictures they take. In my understanding, those moments will last not long if you don't preserve it and the details that comes with it. Hence, my interest into DSLR. If I am taking these precious moments i'd better take the best out of it and linger in these detailed, crisp, pictures in the near future. Whilst, I was scouting I took notice of the different reviews with the different brands in DSLR's and I was down to the professional reviews of dpreview.com and from youtube test reviews.From these reviews I made a conclusion that Nikon is par excellence in this field plus the lenses they use are from Leica. Hence, my decision. When I took the basic steps in setting the unit, I was really impressed how easy it was. And the pictures was great even on basic settings. When I posted in other social networks and photo sharing websites my friends took immediate notice of it and they started asking what was I using. I told them of course about my new baby, the Nikon D3100. I dont have much technical details about this since I am a novice in this field. But, one thing's for sure though I you may be a novice in the DSLR world but the pictures it will give you is by far the best I have seen.Would like also to commend Amazon for a fast delivery and the customer service of inquiries is just great! More Power! I hope this will add up to the numbers of the reviews which will help undecided DSLR transitionist to buy this one. Just to let them know, they will surely never regret buying the Nikon D3100.
camera|I'm going to leave all the specs and other technical details aside for other reviews, but I'd like to give huge kudos for Amazon offering an incredible low-ball price on this camera.I managed to snag this camera with an additional 55-200mm VR Nikkor Zoom Lens for a mere $689 (a free Tiffen filter comes with the telephoto lens). This price is incredible, knowing the D3100 retails for $650-$700 easily, not including the extra lenses. Amazon does not fail to offer the best price.In my opinion, although buyers are complaining the price is hidden they shouldn't be so rash to blame Amazon for hiding the price. They are willing to offer incredibly low prices and their sacrifice is to hide the price. If you cannot appreciate that sacrifice, you aren't a worthy Amazon customer. I've saved over $100 on that package, and I am not complaining for something so silly as a hidden price.As for performance, this camera produces the exact images that my point & shoot could never achieve. 14.2 megapixels is beautiful, and so is the 1080 HD video. ISO also has a huge range.Perfect for amateurs and, in my case, those moving from film SLR's to DSLR's, I HIGHLY recommend this camera.Perhaps in this scenario, "new is better".
camera|Everything one could want without all the hassle. Easy to carry around and the clarity of the pictures cannot be bettered. Well worth the money.
camera|Well i decided to upgrade, I picked this camera and am very happy with it, it takes great pictures. I can do all manual or my wife can us it in auto. Yes Lens arent cheap, but i am happy with my purchase for the bucks. only down side is im not over impressed with the 1080 video, but i didnt buy it for that
camera|We purchased this camera after deciding that it may be a good investment to upgrade from our other camera (iphone4). We choose this camera as it seemed to have the most features for our price point. When reading pre/reviews about this camera it was compared favorably again the more expensive Canon D3100.Quick run down of the pros/cons:Pros:- I love the guide that walks you through the modes. It's the perfect "on the job training".- It's a nice add-on to a have video recording capabilities at this price point.- User controls are intuitive.- Camera is very light and relatively compact for a DSLR.Cons:- You can hear the lens when focusing in video recording mode.Recommendations:- The Nikon 55-200mm f/4-5.6G ED IF AF-S DX VR [Vibration Reduction] Zoom Nikkor Lens is highly acclaimed and affordable. Good for photographing from a distance (both sports & nature). [...]- The Nikon 50mm f/1.8D AF Nikkor Lens for Nikon Digital SLR Cameras is great for photo graphs. Also highly acclaimed and affordable. [...]
camera|I just purchased this camera last week and have been very excited and happy with it. Although, I have not used it a great deal yet, it is a very impressive piece of electronic equipment.My first impression, is that it is not a simple camera. This is my first DSLR since using an FM (all manual)35mm SLR in school, about 20 years ago. My degree was in photography and cinema, but I do not use it professionally. So, with that said, it might make more sense to tell you I understand f-stops, shutter speed, depth of field and many more of the relevant technical issues of photography, but only using a film camera.Even with this knowledge, I have found it a challenge to understand everything this camera is capable of doing.For that reason, even though this is an entry level camera, know that it is a bit complicated to understand it's full potential of capabilities. You will make excellent photographs using the "auto" settings and not understanding the rest of the camera. If you take the time to work with the camera and use the manual as a guide, the camera will be better understood.As for what I like about the camera: (1.)It's fast and easy to use in the auto mode. (2.)The grip is comfortable and very functional. (3.) Color balance is good with the built in flash (not sure how itfunctions over longer distances...haven't tried it. May need something more powerful) (4.) Light weightand not too much of a burden to carry in a backpack or arm bag. (5.) Love the burst shooting. Three framesper second is suitable for the amateur. (6.) Battery does not fall out the bottom of the camera..it has afriction hold and will not come out easily if the access door comes open (I read this as a complaint inanother review). (7.) An amateur will appreciate the "dummy" menu since photo terminology needs to bestudied to understand.As for what I dislike about the camera: (1.) The fact that I spent a lot of money on it and have to carefulthink about how I handle it. It is not a beat around camera. Buy a point and shoot for snapshots if you tendto be rough on electronic equipment. (2.) Monitor gets dirty quick and hoping I won't scratch it from cleaning it frequently. (3.) A pretty large learning curve for understanding all of the functions....you will need to practice a lot.I will say in closing, this is a great little camera for the hobby of photography. It is a great little camerafor professionals, I imagine, as well. Although, not a professional quality (durability) camera, it will suitthe average person. Be aware, it is mostly all plastic, like most cameras these days, and requires carefulhandling to avoid damage.Oh, one last thing. Do what I did initially and buy a second battery. They are expensive, but at least youcan charge one to have when the first one dies. Using the flash cuts into the life of the battery. It's not that noticeable, but it is something to think about. I also bought a transfer cable so that I don't have toremove the card as often. The review of different memory cards had a common thread that many are not as durable as they would like. I figured not removing the card would help to protect it from wear and tear.Good luck with your camera.Tim, Ohio
camera|Compared to D40, auto iso algorithm with flash is inferior. Seems to always choose the highest iso and fire the flash very weak. This could be to save battery, but the result is iso 1600 pics from 5 feet away.For now, choosing iso manually works, but not as convenient as d40.May return.
camera|This camera is the third generation replacement for the venerable D40. It's smaller and lighter than the D40, and like the D40, comes kitted with the standard 18-55mm lens (so you can't choose the lens you might otherwise want without shelling out for the kit lens - an amateur way of presenting the camera to the buying public).For some reason, Nikon decided to eliminate the infrared remote feature (along with the wonderful and very inexpensive MD-13 wireless remote for $15.00) that's been on every Nikon DSLR camera since the D50. This may not seem all that much of a loss, but the remote feature made tripod photography (group shots where you want to be in, and, more importantly, night time shots where you don't want to touch the camera to trigger the shutter) much easier. Sure, there's a self-timer on the D3100, but that's a Mickey Mouse and anachronistic way of firing your camera. There's only an two and ten second selection on the timer, so you may miss the shot or not have enough time to get into the shot.Moreover, the depth of field button is gone. Good luck trying to see your depth of field on the small screen. Not a big thing to most photogs, but important if you're taking pix where focus or the lack of it is an intended part of the shot.The resolution from the D3100 seems no better than the older D40, which had all of the missing features mentioned above, plus a 1/500th sync on its flash, as opposed to the much less useful 1/200the on the D3100.A mediocre rehash of a once great entry level camera....
camera|I've been a Nikon fan for many years now, but I'm sad to say this product just doesn't deliver. The photo quality is just not there for the money spent. Photos are soft and noisy (despite correct settings/lighting), autofocus is highly unreliable and slow regardless of the lens used.Forget about motion shots or zooming and cropping. Any decent shots have to be manually focused. I'm disgusted that I spent over 600 bucks on a camera that can be outperformed by a 100 dollar point and shoot.I've been working with Nikon cameras for over 10 years now. I'm really starting to think the quality is declining.Save your money and invest in a better Nikon model or try another brand with less frequent focusing issues. At the very least do some extensive testing on your camera before your ability to return it expires. I wish I had.
camera|I bought this camera because I needed to take product photos to list our products on Amazon. They needed to have a pure white background and we were having a hard time making this work with other setups. Finally we broke down and bought this camera. It was expensive, but it was TOTALLY worth it. Our products now have white backgrounds (with the help of Nikon's Capture NX2 image editing software) and they are selling great. You can see what the finished images look like here: [...] or through the product links below:Super Cute Clip On EarringsFresh Water Pearl Clip EarringsStylish Clipon EarringsBeautiful pearl clip on earringsPink Clip EarringsPink Pearl CliponsMother & Daughter Clip On EarringsCool Black Clip EarringsBrown Clip On EarringsGorgeous Pink Clipon EarringsIf you're thinking about doing product photography you HAVE to get this camera. And Amazon is the absolute cheapest. We priced it out and they were cheaper than Costco so you won't be able to find it new any cheaper than on Amazon.
camera|This is an incredible camera for starting with DSLRs. It's simple, it's excellent (your photos WILL surely look better than the Point and Shoot cameras) and it's extensible (after all, it is a DSLR right? So you always can adquire a new and better lens to take even better pics).It does have an full auto mode that let's you just focus on taking the pic (without worrying with anything else) and other modes until the full manual mode.Very good price for what it delivers. One thing that you should be aware of is: this model ISN'T compatible with the IR Remotes (to take pictures remotely). If this is something that you do care about, you will have to find a remote that comes with a receiver compatible with this model (since it does not include the receiver itself, like the D5100 or even the older D3000).For light users or newbies to this kind of equipment: Highly recommended.
camera|This camera is everything I had hoped it would be! I will have it for years and years because it takes professional quality pictures and isn't too complicated to use.
camera|This has awesome picture quality. The best in market for a DSLR entry level camera. The features in this camera are only found in high-end pro SLR cameras. Very curious to know what is left for Nikon to add in the much awaitied d5000.
camera|I,m glad to have this camera it has everything comparable to canon t2 1080p movie, 14.2 mp, 502g light weight. 3 inch screen . i dont really mind the 230k dots screen its very bright and clear anyways compare to 900+ dots . the price in amazon is very cheap. I got it for $699 including the VR 55-200mm + camera bag with DVD . i also used the transcend 32 gb class 10 from amazon for $50 work without any problems . also bought battery at amazon for $27 EN EL 14 , way way amazing purchase. i have probably saved $200-300 i would recommend this to anybody i know who is into DSLR. NIKON way to go !
camera|I just upgraded from a 6 year old Nikon D50 camera to the D3100. The Nikon D3100 has everything I need for work related / family / amateur photography in one very adaptable unit. It is easy to take good photos using simple category settings for various situations.We shoot family photos indoors using the standard 18-55mm VR lens. The camera adapts easily for video using the same lens. The VR does an excellent job of cleaning up the shakes and vibrations. Auto focus does a decent job keeping up with faces & motion. It has basically eliminated carrying an additional video camera for family events. Carry extra batteries. The batteries have about 1/4 of the life of my D50 battery. Video seems to eat batteries more quickly.I also use my Nikon D3100 camera for work related photography - mostly with a 55-300mm VR zoom lens. I use it for taking photos of architectural projects, finished products, and factory applications for website and promotional purposes, as well as technical documentation. The camera is very adaptable to light conditions and produces professional looking photos with ease.Using the zoom lens for video is an impressive option, but has some limitations. I was able to shoot video of a children's school program on a tripod with outstanding results. The clarity of the lens and camera's performance captured very high quality long-distance video. The sound quality was a little weak - I could use an external microphone option if available. The lens noise was also noticeable when using both auto-focus and VR stabilization. I recommend using a tripod and enabling VR, but using manual focus to decrease motor noise. It may pick up some VR noise, but the benefits outweigh the negatives.Overall, I am enjoying my new toy and think it is exactly what I wanted at a reasonable price.
camera|I cannot express how impressed I am with this camera. Not only does it take fantastic pictures (not that any Nikon DSLR doesn't), but it's the lightest Nikon DSLR out there and it shoots VERY good video. Yes the display is not as good as some, but it is plenty good enough if you are like most people who either don't edit or edit in your computer. I just want to see if it's sharp or not, and I can tell that just fine. Battery life is excellent as well. If you are a camera snob and insist on DSLR, but need a small camera for trips, this is in. Use the small kit lens or a prime lens for trips and I highly recommend the Nikkor 18-200 VR lens as an everyday lens. LOVE IT! My only pricing suggestion is to try to watch for an instant savings offer like I got. Saved $250 on the camera + 18-200 lens. Sweet deal!
camera|I recently bought a D3100, and am trying to learn all of its features to be able to take it with me on a trip to Sri Lanka that my family and I are going to be making. It takes excellent pictures, and I love the Guide feature, because I am a true amateur, and the guide feature shows me what is going on as I take each picture, so that I can learn how to do it myself later.**See revision below** My only knock so far would be the Movie aspect, but it may be an issue of my not having learned how to use it properly. I have seen a couple of movies online that were taken with it, and they looked pretty good, but the movies I took appeared to be stop-action, instead of movies.**I just bought the 8GB SanDisk Extreme SDHC Class 10 card, and have used it in my camera to record HD movies to great result. I'm now able to say that I am completely happy with my purchase. I have read that you should be able to use a Class 6 card, but based on the specs I read on the cards, I believe that this camera, recording in FULL HD would stretch the limits of a Class 6 card.
camera|For the average consumer this camera is flawed by design. While I love many things about this camera, the overall number mistakes Nikon has made with this model has caused me to want to switch to Canon. My first review was scathing but I took it down. After some more experience with the camera I am back with yet another fairly scathing review. If you are an aspiring beginner taking classes this might be a great choice. The price is amazing, and once you learn the finer points of photography this camera can be used to take some amazing pictures.The primary problem with this camera is its Auto ISO sensitivity setting. Unless you turn this off two bad things happen. First your manual ISO settings are completely ignored. Second, the camera resorts to very high ISO settings when it should not. This means if you are a casual photographer who likes to use automatic or semi-automatic modes you might be unhappy with the results. I have been in several situations where ISO 100 or 200 would have been the best choice and this silly camera resorted to 800 or higher. To its credit, the camera does a decent job at these higher ISO settings, but unfortunately these are not the settings I want. I cannot trust this camera to select an appropriate ISO setting automatically.The silver lining here is the education this camera will force onto its owners. I am finding the best way to use this camera is to disable the Auto ISO sensitivity, turn the dial to "M" and leave it there forever. Don't look back! The resulting experience and results are quite refreshing! Using the D3100 in this completely manual fashion reminds me of using my old Pentax K1000. I'm back to the joyful routine of selecting each and every setting manually. The only problem is that I have now ruined entire photo-shoots and missed a number of shots. Sometimes one must learn the hard way but at least I wont be making those same mistakes again. The end result is that I am becoming a much better photographer.The plastic flimsy body is a downer. On my D3100 getting the battery into the camera doesn't feel quite right. The battery remains spring loaded and sticks up out of the body. One must then force the flimsy battery cover closed after inserting the battery. Inserting and removing memory cards also has a weird feel as the card seems to get stuck and requires some extra force to remove it. The D3100's buttons are so cheap feeling its as if they are going to fall right off.So, for everyone except students and professionals I would not recommend this camera, or any Nikon. Canon is effectively obliterating Nikon in just about every way. That said the underlying guts of the D3100 have merit and should be considered, especially at this low price. The low-light performance is very impressive and the 18-55 kit lens isn't bad at all. At the end of the day the D3100 can be used to take amazing photographs if the owner manually takes control. I am taking some amazing pictures with this camera but in general I am looking forward to getting rid of my lenses and this body so I can switch to Canon.
camera|As the title suggested, the D3100 is an excellent camera for anyone new to DSLR photography; however, its features are insufficient for intermediate users seeking to improve their skills and techniques. The following contains the positives and the negatives:Pros (what I love about the D3100):-The lightest in the Nikon DSLR lineup (great for my small hands unlike my old D70)-High quality photos (beginners will be impressed)-Takes decent photos in low light environment (although a small external flash, SB-400 is beneficial in very dark settings)-Guide mode for beginners (assist in the learning process of aperture, WB, etc.)-1080p HD video recording (although I have not utilize this feature, I'm sure it will come handy when needed).Cons (what I hate about the D3100):-No in body autofocus motor (which implies old Nikon lens without the focusing motor mechanism must be operated manually attached to the D3100)-The D3100 requires the AF-S lenses for focusing (these type of lenses are normally $100 - $200 more expensive compared with regular lenses)-LCD screen only offers 320,000 dots of resolution (I find myself zooming the screen all the time to ensure focus were done correctly; what a headache!)-No wireless remote option (are you kidding me? WHY Nikon?)-No auto exposure bracketing, AEB, (if you want to experiment with high dynamic range for landscape photography, this is a great feature)-Small viewfinder (sometimes difficult to take photos with such small viewfinder)VERDICT:Again, this is a great camera for beginners (perfect for family photos and travel)and most will probably give this 4 - 5 starts, but if you are looking to expand your skills, lens collection and experimenting with HDR and other types of photography beyond the D3100's capability, this camera will not meet your needs. Look to purchasing the D7000 for an additional $500 (body only) or if you have not invested too much into the Nikon system, the Canon T2i offers more features for an additional $200. Perhaps not a fair comparison to the D3100 since the T2i is geared towards intermediate users, but for only $200 you get so much more - in body autofocus motor, amazing LCD, bigger viewfinder, AEB, light and small, and also takes great photos.UPDATE:I decided to keep the D3100 because of its light body. With the money I saved, I expanded my glass collections. In the next few years, I will be purchasing a better body. If you are a beginner, you can't go wrong with this lens, but if you are intermediate, you might want to check out the D90 or better yet, the new D7000.
camera|This is my first DSLR camera and i could not be happier with my choice, The quality of the picture just out of the box is phenomenal. I just wish i had tossed out my point and shoot sooner and upgraded to a Nikon 3100 right when my daughter was born. But we will certainly make the most use out of it from now. I compared this Nikon and the Canon T3 obsessively for months but ended up going with this one because of the touted better video quality, and i can happily report that it is great in video too.I cant imagine having to go higher end for an amateur photographer for a very long time. The next step is really to get a few good lenses for panoramic photos on vacation like the Nikkor 55-200. I also borrowed a Tamron 12-24 for interior shots and the lens really made a difference in rendering real estate wide angle shots. A great camera all in all.
camera|This was the first SLR camera I ever purchased and boy I am impressed. It is very user friendly to operate, takes magnificent pictures and has intuitive operations to take different sets of pictures. I mostly used this to take casual pictures and it does the job fantastically well. Highly recommended for amateurs like me.
camera|There are a lot of great small cameras out there on the market right now in the $400 price range, like the Canon G 12 , or Sony's small new point and shoot. Most of them are amazing computers with still photographic and video capability.So why get an SLR when the trend is getting smaller and higher megapixels? And why this one.I bought mine used on Amazon for a super deal and it came w/ warranty. Im so happy with it. I did one job with it and more than paid for the camera, lens etc.I wanted to use big lenses for one, and this camera is so lite that it compensates for the weight of the camara. Pick this baby up and there is nothing to it. It's 14.5 meg and plenty of camera for professional needs- see Ken Rockwell's review. Its got everything you will ever need for a few years unless you are a serious movie maker and even then with a tripod its amazing. Practially foolproof- unless you drop it. So far I havent tested that, but I did get caught in the rain recently and the camera came out fine!Check out using this camara with the Yunguno RF 603N Remotes I also got on Amazon---so amazing and no vibration...keeps the long lenses sharp as a tack!
camera|Excellent digital SLR camera for beginners.It has all the functions and capability that DSLR camera should have as beginner you would love it.Its been a month and I am so excited to take pictures with this camera everyday.
camera|This is just the camera I have been looking for. As an advanced amateur I really want and need the quality of a higher end digital camera minus the high cost. The D3100 fills this niche quite nicely! I have found that its low light quality is superior, it is light weight, and its CCD sensor is capable of very high resolution. I am a last hold out in conversion to digital and now I am experiencing the joy of working in the digital realm. Gone are the long hours in the darkroom and, at 16 x 20 enlargements, the D3100 outperforms traditional photography. I highly recommend this camera!
camera|My wife and I bought this camera as a mutual anniversary gift for a trip to Olympic National forest. Right out of the box the camera was easy to use and produced great pictures. The focus indicator works very well during use to let you know which item in your field of view is in focus. Had to practice with the built-in settings to figure out which situations worked best with which settings, but the camera has a built-in tutorial that helps. The battery life is very long. We charged it out of the box three weeks before the trip and used it for five days of heavy use before it needed re-charging. Performed very well during hikes through mountainous and rainforest terrain. The camera is surprisingly light as well. The HD video recording looks great but I need to try it in a quiet environment to see if you pick up the autofocus as noted in some other reviews.Highly recommend this camera for general use or those interesting in getting started in photography.
camera|First, I love taking pictures, but I am as amateur as it can be. The last camera I bought was a Canon Powershot after my previous Canon had died. It took horrible pictures when I complained to Canon I was told to take photography classes....it was time to look at other brands and I will never buy another Canon. This is not a technical review, rather how I feel about it. It takes great pictures. I love the easy settings, since I use them the most, portrait, landscape, sports and so on. I tried them all out and the pictures came out great. Indoors not so much even with the automatic pop up flash....but I would say that is probably user error and I need to go deeper (I bought the D3100 Dummies book to read). I also love the in camera edit feature I just started playing with. I took a video and it also came out nice. It is much bigger than the Powershot, of which I liked the compact feel, but I can get over that. Something I would suggest (a cap with a string, I can just see me loosing the cap constantly), extra battery, especially if you take it on vacation....I am looking forward to learning more about my camera, since vacation is coming up and I would love to take some awesome pictures....what happend to my old canon? My 8 yr old son who has a habit of breaking things got it to play with. I wish I could attach a pictures, I took a great one of one of my lily's, the contrast is wonderful and I used the trim feature to get a nice close crop.
camera|Hardly my first a Nikon camera, but it has quickly become my favorite. I use my point-and-shoot for snapshots, my film camera for most other stuff. Although the p-o-s produces very good quality pictures, I have been totally frustrated by the shutter delay and lack of manual modes and decided to break down and buy a DLSR. A few minutes in the local store fondling this and a few other cameras convinced me to go with the Nikon. I didn't know quite what to expect from an entry-level camera, and I was a bit put off by the Guide mode, that starts off asking you what you want to do and takes you to the correct mode and settings, as well as the various point-and-shoot modes I have become so familiar with. That notwithstanding, I love the camera for it's great (to me anyway) optics, it's light weight, the placement of its controls, its acceptably quick shutter release delay and great picture quality. The on-board picture processing capabilities are incredibly rich in features and very easy to use. My biggest criticism is for the kit lens. It's optical quality is great, but its zoom range is limited and the small maximum aperture really limits control over depth of field. Amazon's price for the kit was lower than many other vendors prices for the body alone, so I wouldn't recommend buying the body and a different lens separately. Too bad I can't use my film camera lenses, even in manual mode. Also,it's going to take me a long time to get used to carrying an SLR that doesn't weigh as much as a brick or boat anchor. Another complaint is about the built in mic and no external mic connector. The sound quality is mediocre at best and you do hear the autofocus noises, but video is not that important to me.
camera|This is the first DSLR I have purchased and I have to admit I was a bit intimidated by the complexities of the DSLR. I read the great reviews here on Amazon and decided to take the plunge and I am very happy I did. The D3100 is a great camera to learn photography; there is an easy-to-use interface that shows you how the settings you are changing will affect your picture. After just two months I have already taken this camera with me on several trips around the world and love the pictures I am bringing home with me. I also recommend purchasing a guidebook that explains and instructs how and when to use all of the camera's features. Along with this camera I also purchased the Nikon 55-200mm f/4-5.6G AF-S DX VR which has been a great combination. I am currently awaiting arrival of a Nikon 35mm f/1.8G AF-S DX.
camera|This camera far exceeded my expectations. When my father saw one of the pictures in the computer he said it was the clearest picture he has ever seen in a computer. The shooting is lightning fast. The flash is powerful, it lightweight, small and very portable. It has a little flashlight that illuminates whatever you are shooting. The battery lasts very long, more than hundreds of pictures and charges very quickly. I am very happy with the Nikon. My only regret is not buying it sooner. If you are like me, reading and debating which one to get, just stop. The D3100 is a fantastic camera.
camera|The D3100 is a versatile camera which is a bargain for its price. I bought this for my wife as a birthday present and fell in love with it myself. We have both produced stunning shots which are a quantum leap over the good ones we could get with our Canon Digital Elph point-and-shoot.I have three favorite features of this camera:-The CMOS sensor allows us to avoid using the flash in far more low-light situations than any CCD camera we've used.-The dynamic exposure feature allows previously impossible back-lit photos.-The vibration reduction (VR) helps substantially with zoom and low-light photos. Where formerly such photos would be blurred by hand motion, now steady shots are possible.
camera|I'm really happy with the image quality of the DSLR. I was a former 35mm SLR user from years ago. Moved to digital compact cameras and only recently stepped back to DSLR. I was shocked at the superior image quality that the DSLR offers. It's excellent. On the down side I'm stepping back into a larger, harder to carry camera. Also, the use of the camera is more restrictive in low light situations - it does not focus easily like a compact digital camera does. But then there are different uses for different cameras. I've just ordered and I'm waiting for the Canon S95 as my new pocket compact camera which will then give me the balance between format size for different needs and uses. Woot!!!! Toys R Fun !!!!
camera|This is my first DSLR and I have to say I'm so enjoying this wonderful Nikon! I've been using it for a few months now, my husband bought me this as an anniversary gift for me in January and I wanted to get to know this camera before reviewing it. I've been having a great time getting to know this technology which is new to me (I've only ever used a simple point & shoot before). While I'm aware that there are DSLRs out there that are several times the cost of this one, and also come with even more advanced features, I have to say this digital SLR is a fantastic starter camera for those who are wanting to get into photography - whether it's just a hobby or even professional.I was most interested as I like to take nice photos for my blogging and also practice photography techniques with my children. Although someday I hope to pick up a few more fancy lenses, this Nikon camera comes with a great starter lens which takes some excellent photographs. As with any DSLR, it does take some learning and adjusting to in order to know how to operate this camera. While it's more complicated than a simple point & shoot that just about anyone could figure out, the Nikon D3100 is one of the more manageable DSLRs for beginners. I still have a lot to learn about this technology, but so far I've found this camera fairly easy to understand. It has a very helpful, built-in help system as well, available on any setting at the touch of a button. I'm also a fan of the easy "trash button" that lets me delete photos I don't want quickly and easily, as opposed to having to navigate through a menu in order to delete anything.The built-in flash is okay, but we definitely plan to buy some additional flash accessories in order to give this camera it's fullest potential. The built-in can only do so much, so definitely consider that before buying - you're probably going to want to spend the money on a nice flash as well.We've had zero complications with this camera, although we're taking our time getting to "know" it, and very much enjoying the process. If you're a beginner photographer, or simply wanting a really nice camera for home/personal/business photography, the Nikon D3100 comes highly recommended by this family! It comes everywhere with us now, and we're so pleased with it's capabilities, especially considering the price compared to other comparing DSLRs. Enjoy! She's a beauty.
camera|I bought the D3100 over the 7000 primarily due to it's lighter weight, as well as it is far cheaper. I could afford the more expensive camera, but really don't like being weighed down a lot.I'm an advanced amateur photographer, so my review will be biased by that experience.What I like:1. Battery life is excellent (however the first thing I ordered was one extra battery)2. Image detail is excellent for the cost, and the kit lenses are acceptable (not GREAT, but definitely "OK") for amateur use. The big issue I have with the kit lenses is that being 18-55 and 55-200, there is a lot of lens changing required. A wider zoom covering wide to mid tele would have been more convenient.3. Ease of use - menus are decently laid out and there are buttons to take you directly to oft-used settings such as flash mode. A single programmable function button just below the flash-up button makes it easy to access the function of your choice. I use it to access the ISO selection.4. Focusing and exposure is good for an entry level camera, but Nikon tends to over-expose in bright outdoor conditions, so I usually set -0.3 EC.Now, the negatives:1. Video mode is problematic- despite having 1080p, auto focusing is NOISY and SLOW, and there is no external mic jack. A serious omission.2. Screen - resolution is so low that it's hard to judge focus. I have to hit zoom-in a couple of times to have any hope of confirming the focus of a shot.3. Flash - the camera has no wireless capability for flash units or anything else such as wireless shutter release. another major omission.4. Viewfinder - viewfinder magnification is pretty low so you may have a difficult time confirming focus. The image is so small that a "normal" lens won't appear "life size" when you keep both eyes open. "normal" would be roughly 32mm. The D7100 clearly wins the viewfinder contest--it's brighter and larger.5. Don't be fooled by silent mode. All it does is delay the mirror-down event to occur when you take your finger off of the shutter release, after you take a picture.6. Mirror lock up - not really. Mirror lockup ONLY works for such things as cleaning the sensor. It doesn't work when shooting pictures. Also, the two second delay mode doesn't swing the mirror out of the way at the beginning of the two second interval. the mirror goes up just before the pic is taken, just like in normal modes.Conclusion:I'm happy with the camera for MOST of my uses, but then again, I knew that it being an entry level camera, I'd have to accept such limitations. IMO, it's definitely worth the low cost. Furthermore, I'm far happier with the camera's performance, now that I have a Nikon AF-S 35mm f1.8 lens.
camera|My daughter has been using a Nikon D90 for the past 2 years and the camera has been nothing short of rock solid. I was using a 4 year old 7MP point and shoot that became so slow I could not stand to use it anymore. However, I also was in need of a camera to take high def video for our family use. The D3100 fit the bill for me. First, it was purchased from a retailer on sale at a price point I could afford with the features an amateur looks for. The lenses on my daughter's D90 also fit this camera so that expanded the value. I was able to get through the manuals fairly quickly and began taking photos and experimenting with the different modes. I did not find it overwhelming for a beginner. Now, after purchase, I found I had to purchase a memory card, so I bought a Sandisk Extreme III 30 mb/sec card (SDHC, class 10) that is rated for 1080P video that this camera shoots. The card formatted and worked flawlessly there is a lifetime warranty on the card. I am using a 32GB card. I downloaded the NXView2 software to my windows 7 64 bit computer and connected to the camera without difficulty using a min-usb to usb cable that is not included (I had one laying around). I could edit and store my photos and movies without problems in this environment. I did find that Photoshop CS5 does not yet support the raw format of this camera, just the jpeg, so I have converted from the Nikon NX2 software. Lastly, I purchased an inexpensive mini-hdmi to hdmi cable and plugged it into my large screen HDTV. The 1920 x 1080P/24FPS movie played perfectly and looked like film! Photos also displayed without problems. We were always speaking on the video so we did not notice the lens noise mentioned by others. I am too much of an amateur to comment on the precision and quality. Suffice it to say that it an excellent choice in my opinion to start up using a DSLR and makes an excellent back-up camera for more serious photographers.
camera|Being new to the DSLR world (though an avid photography enthusiast for many years), there's not a lot for me to compare the D3100 to. However, my own experience in the short week since I purchased the camera has been extremely gratifying. For ease of use, IQ, form factor (it won't weigh me down), etc. I feel as if the D3100 was a great purchase. Highly recommended to other newbies who want to get involved with digital photography at a reasonable price - as well as experienced photographers who need a reliable, easy to carry backup.
camera|I am a person who normally operates with a standard point and shoot camera. This has functioned well for me in the past. Recently I bought the Nikon D3100 camera with an extra battery for a trip to India.This camera is extremely easy to use with the guide mode letting you know how to take shots of whatever you want. Even on Auto mode, the camera responds very well to varying situations. Now on a trip such as this you will meet up alot of people who seems to be into photography much much longer than you may be, but all I got was compliments on the camera and that it is a great starter Digital SLR.As you can tell, I am in no way close to a subject matter expert in this topic, so this review is a purely emotional one. So flat out, it is a great buy and you will definitely have fun using this camera. You will surely "feel" like a professional.HAVE FUN...
camera|I have just received my Nikon D3100 and I did buy the camera with additional Nikkor 55-300 lens (I was pleased with the USD 100 rebate promotion).I had read on one of the posts that the camera is made in Japan, but please note both the camera and 18-55 lens are Made in Thailand. The Nikon 55-300 DX VR lens is Made in China.I will update the review on features soon.
camera|I had purchased a Nikon D90 as a gift for my son and had time to play with it extensively prior to the gifting. The subsequent purchase of the D3100, for my needs, had all of the advantages and none of the disadvantages of the D90: It is amazingly light in weight, smaller, far more intuitive, has greater mega-pixels,and satisfactory video capability. The only down-side is that it doesn't come in a kit with the Nikkor 18-105mm--a lens which allows great portraiture with just a twist of the wrist.
camera|I learned photography in the early 1970's on a 35mm Miranda Sensorex SLR. Lost interest in the hobby for a long time, then got back into it in 2009. Wow, have things changed! I have been using a Panasonic LX3 since December 2009 with very good results (fast Leica glass on the LX3) and was ready to get back into an interchangeable lens camera. After doing a lot of hands on research, I decided on the D3100.I've had mine for two weeks now and for the most part, I am impressed. The D3100 takes excellent images on automatic with the kit lens. Composition is much easier with a proper viewfinder and the larger sensor makes obtaining shallow depth of field simple. My semi-pro photographer friends have all commented that my images with the D3100 are more creative, more artistic and much better than with the LX3.Personally, I can see the enhanced creativity in my D3100 images but I feel there is little difference in image quality between the two cameras. A bit of a disappointment on that regard (I was hoping for sharper images) but others who have viewed my images disagree with me, so maybe I am being overly critical. One thing I have discovered is the D3100's abilities far exceed mine when I take it off automatic - in other words, there is a steep learning curve going manual on this camera. I have a lot to learn about exposure so I feel that the D3100 will be a great tool to help me enhance my photographic skills.I am a bit disappointed in the build quality - the SD card door is flimsy and moves around a bit when closed, the lens creaks. The all metal LX3 has much better build quality than the D3100. To be fair, the D3100 has better build quality than the Canons I tested.The D3100 feels great in my hands and is very nice to use. The ergonomics are perfect. I tested the D5100 and the D90 as well as all the Canon Rebels. Of all of them, the D3100 felt the best.I considered getting the D5100 for its better sensor and screen, but the actual real world price difference was $400 (D5100 was being sold above sticker, D3100 was sold to me with a $100 Nikon rebate and an additional 10% discount from the retailer) and that was a significant savings.The 230k screen is adequate, not great, but acceptable.Overall, I am pleased. I am looking forward to learning how to get the most out of this camera and I definitely feel it will help me grow as a photographer.Update, 6/1/11: After reading Bryan Peterson's "Understanding Exposure", I am now shooting on full manual controls with my D3100. I set shutter speed, aperture, ISO and white balance for every shot. I also purchased the superb Nikkor 35mm f1.8 prime lens and a Tamron 70-300 telephoto zoom lens. With my newly acquired knowledge about setting exposure, the images I am taking with the D3100 are excellent. Images taken with the prime lens are tack sharp, that lens is amazing. The Tamron set to 70 mm also takes sharp images (images taken with the Tamron at 70 mm are sharper than the kit lens and the Tamron does not get soft until 300mm). With just a little post processing (I am using the View NX software that came with the camera), I can get the images from the kit lens to look incredible. I am extremely satisfied with this camera and I highly recommend it.
camera|For specifics on what this model can/can't do, read the other reviews. This is my overall opinion in comparison to other models and brands, but most importantly: value.I am an amateur, so photography is not my source of income - it is a hobby. I have been looking for an entry-level DSLR for some time now, comparing brands and doing extensive research. I have tried a few (Canon, Olympus, Pentax) and was left unsatisfied until now. The new D3100 is simply an awesome product FOR THE PRICE. It was designed to be an entry-level DSLR, and it IS. The ease of use, functionality, and design are above average for it's price range. Yes, there are areas that are not perfect, but this is NOT a professional series camera. You get what you pay for, and with this model you actually get more than what you pay for. If you want extreme precision in settings then get a pro model.Entry level means you're fairly new to DSLR, and this model allows you to learn specific "pro" functions to fine tune. Other brands may offer the same, but not to the extent that the D3100 does. Learning about Aperture, ISO, lighting, and so on, takes time to master and this is a perfect model to start with. If you have 4-5 thousand bucks to spend, get the D7000; if you have more to spend, then get the D3. The D3100 is 6-7 hundred bucks and a few extras like a super zoom, speedlight/diffusers, spare battery, lens filters, monopod, and a bag is really all you need. I just got all of these and have a little over a grand invested. Like I said, it's a great entry level DSLR camera for the price. If you have a lot more money to invest then by all means get a better model. I've spent countless hours researching brands/models/accessories and decided on this one, and I'm very happy with it. A few of my friends are professional photographers, each using a different brand; they all were very impressed with this model but even more so after I told them the price. A couple years down the road I'll invest the money and upgrade. But until then, this model will satisfy my learning and enjoyment experience with it's functionality, ease of use, and Nikon's reputation of quality.I've done Portrait, Landscape, Sports, and Live Band (low light + action) shots and emailed the pics to my Pro friends for their input. They are all amazed at the quality that this "entry-level" camera is capable of.FYI, my gear:D3100 with 18-55 AFS VR lens that came with it55-200mm AFS VR super zoom lensSB-600 speedlight with StoFen Omni-bounce diffusersNikon 52mm NC lens filterSigma DG 52mm Multi-coated UV filterManfrotto 679B monopodOpteka TH20 ball head w/quick releaseNikon spare batteryNikon lens cleaning pen3 color diffusers for pop-up flashLCD screen protector(s)Lowepro fastpack camera bagLaCrosse battery charger and Eneloop rechargeable batteries for the speedlight......... all for less than 1200 bucks... everything I need for indoor/outdoor, action, and low light shots.
camera|I own a D700, but wanted a small, easily carryable camera that I would actually carry most of the time. This camera reminds me of the "Little Engine That Could" The images are just fantastic. Detail at 3200 is almost as good as its larger DX brother, the D7000. Only thing you won't have is the capability of using lenses without internal focus motors. OK, the D7000 is more capable in other ways as well, but this camera is a perfect compliment to the full frame D700. It's a light second body that won't weigh you down.I keep a Tamron 18-270mm VC lens on it most of the time and they play very nicely together. Tried the Nikkor 18-200mm but the VR is nowhere near as good as Tamron's, and the Tamron is sharper and contrastier.Have never used the simple mode. I usually leave the camera at aperture priority, choose an ISO for the situation, and it does the rest- flawlessly. No, it's not a high speed sports camera but for a general, carry with out all the time DSLR, it can't be beat.WK
camera|Let me make it perfectly clear that I am NOT a photographer nor in any profession relating to photography. I bought the camera because I have always been interest in photography and this was my 2012 Christmas gift to myself. From the very first photo that I took, I was in absolute awe. I had no idea that there was a camera that existed that would allow me to take such clean, crisp photos as afforded me by the Nikon D3100. I was torn between the Canon t3 and Nikon d3100, but decided on the D3100 because I was far more familiar with Nikon's camera reputation. Thus it has been almost elementary in the way that I have been able to grasp the use of features and techniques. When I say elementary, I mean ease of use. I am in love with my camera and highly recommend it for new professional camera users.
camera|After spending many years just using simple point and shoot camera's, I decided to spend the extra money and invest in something better. I have never been into taking lots of photo's until I purchased this camera and I must say, as an someone that was never really into photography, this camera has sparked a hobby.I can't seem to put it down and can't wait until I get off work so I can go travel the local areas of where I live. I live in Germany, so the idea and thought of being able to travel to other countries in Europe and use the D3100 is a really good feeling after seeing what this camera is capable of doing. I can honestly say that I am hooked and I'm seriously considering getting into this as a serious hobby.What I like most about the camera is that it's easy to use. Everything to me is simple to adjust and learn. I was a little nervous at first of learning all the lingo and setting but I have picked it up in as little as 4 days. So far I don't really have anything negative to say about that camera. But I would highly recommend it to anyone just getting into photography or just taking everyday simple pics of family and friends.
camera|I have been a hobby photographer for over 40 years. My 1st Nikon was a 6MP Coolpix that I still have and love to use. My brother bought a D5000 back in the spring and I had taken some great shots with it on my first try but found the price a little more than I wanted to spend. So I had read that this D3100 was coming out soon and I waited to see reviews. This SLR is everything and more that it was reported to be. In less than 10 minutes I was able to take vibrant color, detailed photos , with ease. I used only the 18-55mm VR lens that comes with the VR KIT-BE SURE YOU ARE GETTING THE VR. While I think it would be nice if the computer cable was included it wasn't a factor since I just plug the SDHC card into my card reader and download my pictures, JPEG files and used Picture It to preview.The camera is so light weight, shutter speed is excellent and can rapid fire in those action shots that you want. I want to add a telephoto and a macro lens to my case and maybe a few filters but I feel that this camera will be by my side for many years. It's the kind of camera that walks you into the learning process of using a digital SLR that many getting their 1st SLR will appreciate very much as the Manual or your on screen help will show you all that is needed. I would say that for the money there is no way to go wrong with the purchase of the new Nikon D3100, simple and fast as full auto point & shoot SLRor switch to manual and start creating those special shots you did with your old 35mm film camera.
camera|:About the Camera and why I think its Great:-- Relative to DSLRs, this is small and light weight but still feels solid and rugged in your hands. I disagree with the comments about the flimsy memory card cover - it is as solid as as a hinged micro door can get. The construction and design quality is way better than Canon Entry or Mid Level DSR's. Certainly better than Rebel XSi or T1i.--Picture quality is impeccable, but that's expected from a Nikon. Ease of use is what makes this camera stand out. For a beginner like me, the intuitive Menu Navigation and visual depiction of exposure functions are a big help. The guide mode is great and very handy.--The videos are good, they are not the best feature of the camera but no one expects them to be. They satisfy my video taking needs so I am happy. The other reviews have covered the pros and cons of the video mode very well.:About the Package:-- For 800 Dollars I got a great camera packaged with a great lens (18-55mm) and top it, I got the awesome 55-200mm Nikkor AF-S lens which is an awesome telephoto lens for amateurs like me. They also threw in a $10 worth UV Filter. All for 800 dollars, that's a win I'd say. A similar package in D90 or D7000 would be twice that amount. D7000 is an awesome camera full of features that most beginners like me will take a couple of years to get to. I will spend that money when I get there.-- After 2 days of intensive use, I feel that my decision of getting the 55-200mm lens was good. For outdoor pictures, you do need that extra zoom. And for a beginner, outdoor photography is what facilitates learning.--Other Accessories I would suggest are a weatherproof camera bag - I like the Lowepro 102AW (suggested by one other reviewer), a 16 or 32 gB Class 10 SD Card (I bought transcend SDHC Class 10), a Tamrac N45 Leather Padded Strap, SB-400 flash and I am yet to narrow down on a tripod - suggestions are welcome.Overall, a D3100 along with the 2 lenses is probably the biggest bang for your buck available today in the market for beginners interested in serious photography. I will also end up buying an SB-400 Flash and a tripod in due course of time which would then complete my kit. 2 or 3 Years with this and I believe I will be ready to graduate to a D7000 or something better that Nikon or Canon may come up with by that time.(I will update the review in a few days with more technical details as I play with more of the functions. Also, my camera doesn't have the ISO Bug that some other reviewers have mentioned.)
camera|Having owned a number of digital point and shoot cameras, I finally decided to take the plunge into the DSLR market. This was spurred on by the arrival of my first child and my desire to have quality images of her to share with friends and family.Thankfully, I have not been disappointed. The image quality, both still and video, is astounding. Once I understood the various knobs and dials that can be adjusted, I started to produce still images that amazed me and the people I was sharing them with.The ability to shoot 1080p video is fantastic. I captured a short video of my daughter's first exposure to a lake in Maine and the quality was outstanding. Crisp, clear video that I'll be able to watch over and over again.I'm looking forward to gaining more experience with this camera and possibly expanding the versatility by adding a flash and other lenses.
camera|First off it got four stars out of five cause of the lens it came with. The lens is nice but its cheap the camera it self is amazing just perfect takes some pretty sweet pics if i say so. i highly recommend this product to any one. I bought the 55-200mm lens and I'm in love with it just out standing when zoomed in to 200mm the picture is still clean. I recommend you get the 18-200mm Nikon lens from amazon yes it cost more then the camera but its worth not switching lens ever time you go indoors or out and you never know when you need a close up. Ill see if i cant post up some pics that i have taken there not perfect but I'm learning so enjoy. also a second battier wouldn't hurt to get if your going to be out for some time. the video is pretty good the reviews you herd about it are true but youtube it your be amazed. i just cant stop using it the best camera i ever had. Update: Ok in the pass couple months of owning my Nikon i have to say I still love it. with that being said i have took some out standing pictures with it. Even took pictures for peoples high school pics and other events. Would I recommend this product for first time dslr owners yes. What about long term dslr customers no. I have been getting into HDR photo taking and i do not like having to take three different photos of one object from low light to bright. of stationary objects are easy to do for fast moving objects i have to take in raw and fix myself. so if you are more advance in your photo taking this camera inst for you. If you are getting this for family trips or other then this would be great for you.
camera|Every since High School, I've wanted to own a Nikon. I first took photos for our High School newspaper and annual staff with a Nikon the school owned. Since then I've had every brand out there. After only a few weeks, I can honestly say I am impressed with the quality, the options available, the countless features this particular model has, and the ease of use it allows. Most cameras are bulky or heavy, this one is &#34;LOADED&#34; with all the features you want, yet light and durable. While making terrific pictures for my current newsletter, I'm still reading about a new button or feature I haven't yet mastered. The price is unbeatable and for a college student on a budget, you can't do any better than Nikon D3100. The lens it comes with alone is Awesome! I am very happy that I finally bought something for me I didn't feel guilty about the price versus the value.
camera|My wife just absolutely oves this camera. She loves hiking and bird watching and takes this camera on each and every trip. she loves the quality of pictures it takes. she says it is easy to operate. would recommend this camera.
camera|I bought this camera as an upgrade to the Nikon D40. I took over 9000 photos with the D40 and had no problems with it. However it only had 3 focal points and on occasion I would miss shots. So I figured it was time to upgrade since the D3100 has 11 focal points.I think it would be a fine camera but after taking shots I could not tell if my photos were in focus. The LCD has 230,000 dots on a 3 inch screen and is very grainy. The D40 had 230,000 dots over 2.5 inches - which is obviously a better pixel density and I had no problems telling if my shots were focused on the wrong thing.Perhaps if I had not used the D40 for so long I would not have noticed the difference. So after about a month I sent back the D3100 and ordered the D5100 which has a much nicer screen.If you stare at retina screens all day on your phone or tablet you might want to check out a camera with a better resolution LCD like the D3200 or D5100 which are the same price currently.
camera|I bought this camera a few months ago and fell in love with it. It took very good pictures on auto, and I took a class and worked hard to learn how to use my first DSLR. Unfortunately, after 3 months the viewfinder became dark and an Error Code began flashing. Nothing worked and I took it in to my local store for repair. It has been over 4 weeks and still no camera. I sent an email to the Nikon customer support site, which promised an answer with 24 hours. No answer, so I sent another. After another 48 hours with no answer I called called a customer support number. Eventually I found out that a part had been ordered and there is no idea when it will be repaired. I aked why my emails were not anwered in 24 hours and was told that they were backed up. I expressed disappointment and dissatisfaction and received no esponse other than "Uh Uh." The most i got out of the representative was that he would make a note that I called.I have been kept in the dark about what was happening, have no idea when my camera will be returned, and was told that there is no policy for a loaner. The repair process is unbelievably slow. I am wondering if my particular camera is a lemon and will continue to have problems. So, if your camera works you will have a great camera at a great price. If, however, your camera breaks you will most likely be disapppointed in Nikon's customer service.It's a chance you have to decide whether to take.
camera|I am into photography as a hobby, so I am presenting this not as a professional, but a beginner. I was wanting some manual controls that my old point and shoot couldn't do for me. I have been super happy with this camera. Okay, the battery is amazing...I mean its incredible. I read one review that said battery life was bad. Well you need to send it back because it is outstanding. I love the manual controls. If you are wondering how you will set aperture and shutter speed in manual mode, don't fear, there is a way. To set shutter speed you use the dial. To set aperture, you hold down a button on the top, then use the dial. Don't worry, its not as complicated or hard to reach as it sounds. Overall, I knocked off one star simply because it didn't have a wireless remote sender. However I would suggest the newer wireless shutter remote. Don't pay attention to the four stars, I would have gave it 4.9 if it would let me!
camera|We've got four kids, all involved in sports and other activities so a decent camera is a necessity. We've had a series of small 35mm and digital cameras over the years, but decided to upgrade to something better. I read many, many reviews of different cameras in this price range, and decided the Nikon D3100 was what we wanted.I bought this "kit" which includes a 18-55 mm lens, the camera body and the strap. I used a memory card we already had and played around with the camera to get a feel for it. I realized right away that I needed a better/longer lens for long distance sports shots, a bigger memory card and a bag to carry it all in. But I am really happy with the performance of this camera so far.It takes great action shots and video, and does well in low light even without the flash (which pops up automatically). I consider myself an amateur when it comes to cameras and terminology, but even without much knowledge I can tell this is a quality instrument. I'm yet to master all the many options it offers, but for our family use this camera is perfect.I bought a Tamron AF 70-300mm f/4.0-5.6 Di LD Macro Zoom Lens with Built In Motor for Nikon Digital SLR here on Amazon for $159, a Transcend 16 GB memory card for $16, and a Case Logic SLRC-202 Medium SLR Camera Bag for $35 to complete our camera setup. The longer lens allows us to zoom in the kids out on the playing field or up on the stage, and it works perfectly with this camera.This is a really nice mid-priced camera, and I highly recommend it. It needs a better lens to really be useful, but once you have that you're all set to take hundreds of excellent photos.
camera|I moved to this camera from a Nikon d60 and will never look back. I know the d3100 is advertised an an entry level model, but it is really much more than that. I consider myself a somewhat advanced amateur/hobbyist photographer, not doing it for a living but more for my own amusement and entertainment.I had read all the reviews including the ones with some negative comments, but decided that the positives seemed to be much stronger. Since I already had the three key DX lenses [ASIN:B000ZMCILW Nikon 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6G AF-S DX VR Nikkor Zoom Lens], [ASIN:B000O161X0 Nikon 55-200mm f/4-5.6G ED IF AF-S DX VR Nikkor Zoom Lens], and [ASIN:B001S2PPT0 Nikon 35mm f/1.8G AF-S DX Lens] I bought the d3100 "body only" through Amazon/Cameta Camera. Sale, shipment and delivery were excellent.The camera is simply wonderful, easy to set up, easy to use, and produces great pictures. I don't use it for movies very much (I think a camcorder is better for that function), but for the kinds of still pictures that I take (portraits, landscapes, family gatherings and the like) the d3100 is superb.I use the P mode and I generally set the white balance on auto and ISO on either auto or 400. Since I generally don't need prints at more that 8 x 10 I set picture quality at basic/medium -- this gives me much more storage space on the disc since I'm not using unnecessary pixels. I would set higher resolutions if I want larger size prints.When using flash I like to "bounce" it off the ceiling whenever possible so I use the [ASIN:B000KKPN5C Nikon SB-400 AF Speedlight Flash for Nikon Digital SLR Cameras] instead of the built-in; the SB 400 is a very capable and affordable device that is perfect for what I need a flash unit for.I took several hundred pictures over the Christmas/New Year period, including some outside in the Sunday evening blizzard, and the picture quality was outstanding -- well focused, sharp and clear. In particular, the ones in the blizzard were great -- I adjusted the flash to various levels of brightness and was amazed at the way the falling snowflakes showed up.In summary, this is a great camera for the price, and is one that you can begin your digital experience with and then use to grow into a better photographer who will have more and more fun and pleasure with it.
camera|The Nikon D3100 is my first DSLR. I had been using the Panasonic FZ30 (considered a bridge camera) for about 5 years prior to this purchase.I had three main reasons for making the switch:1. I've been on the market for a DSLR for a while now, but finally decided to take the SLR plunge when I learned that Nikon had come out with this particular model. I had considered getting the D3000 when it was introduced, but I really wanted live view and video.2. Taking indoor pictures with my bridge and my regular point and shoot was beginning to get frustrating. I was tired of every 4 out of 5 pictures being blurry.3. My parents wanted my FZ30.Manual Mode vs. AutomaticHaving learned how to pick shutter speed and aperture on my bridge camera, I'm mostly using manual mode on the D3100. The Panasonic had separate dials for controlling shutter speed and aperture, so it's taking some getting used to having only one dial on the D3100 (you have to hold down a separate button while turning the dial for aperture). I have played around a bit with Auto mode and it seems to have good results. It will definitely be useful whenever I have to hand the camera over to someone else. Also, the D3100 has an no-flash-auto mode, which is useful for places where you can't use the flash or if you're like me and just don't like using the flash.White BalanceMy favorite feature has to be the white balance controls. I tend to like my pictures slightly warmer or slightly cooler and the D3100 lets you alter the color settings to be pretty much whatever you would like them to be. So, I can choose Auto white balance, but tweak the settings so the pictures are on the warm/cool side. There are several preset white balances and you can alter them each individually or use the manual calibration.Lenses and FiltersThe 18-55mm lens that comes with the camera works great for my purposes. The next lens I get will definitely be getting is the 35mm AF-S DX for lower light situations. If money was no object, I would get the 12-24mm AF-S DX wide angle zoom. As far as filters go, everyone should get a good circular polarizer, especially for outdoor photography. If you've never used a polarizer before, you'll be amazed at what one can do for skies.SoftwareTo be honest I haven't bothered to try the software that came with the camera. I use Adobe Lightroom. They recently came out with RC 3.3 which supports the NEF(RAW) files from Nikon cameras. I use Photoshop too.Things that the D3100 is missing (but I am not)1. USB cable - I had one already that worked, and even if I didn't, I prefer to use a card reader.2. Bracketing - I don't use it.3. IR remote - Can have a wired remote, but I just use the timer.Things I would have liked1. Larger aperture in the lens2. LCD screen protector, or better yet, a flip out LCD screen.Overall, I am very happy with this purchase and I would recommend to anyone who is looking for a good entry level DSLR.Additional Notes: I bought this camera with an Epson large format printer because there was a manufacturer's rebate from Epson. Sold the printer, so I ended up saving a bit on the overall cost of the camera.
camera|As a previous owner of a Nikon D3000, the predecessor to the D3100, I was impressed not only by the features, but also by the price of this new camera.When the D3000 was new, its MSRP was $599. The replacement model, one year later was $699 only $100 more. What do you get for that extra $100? Check out just some of the features:1) An improved resolution of 14.2 MP compared with the 10.2 MP of the previous model2) HD video (1080p), not previously available at this price point2) EXPEED 2 which is Nikon's new image processing engineAll of these new features were added while Nikon kept the size and weight comparable to the previous model (the D3100 is 1/2 oz. heavier!)This camera is so loaded I can't think of any negatives except price--if that is an issue go buy a point-and-shoot model!Overall, Nikon has truly outdone itself with the D3100. For someone starting out in photography or a camera veteran, I can't think of a better more versatile choice than this one.
camera|This is my first DSLR camera, after doing so many research, talking to friends,Contacted Nikon USA customer care, I decided to buy this camera.I got this camera right before Thanks giving, as I know I'll not get best deal on this camera as this is one of the highest selling DSLR camera available in market. The image quality is amazing and it is quite user friendly.I also bought Nikor AF 55-300 Zoom lens with camera and it is perfect combination of all type of photography.Positive things1)Superb Image quality2)Easy to operate3)Light weight(Without Zoom lens)4)On camera Image editing feature5)Good battery life if you use just for still photography(Less for HD Video Recording)6)Latest changed setting feature(It will list all setting you or somebody changed on your camera.Few thing I was looking on this camera but this camera has not.After doing all the research I decided I can live without all these feature as my Sony HDR SR-11 Handy-cam has all these features.1) I can not use the wireless remote on this camera(Still wondering why its previous version D3000 has this feature but not on this)2)The LCD screen is fixed on camera, I was looking the feature like D5000 where you can move the LCD screen.3)It should have two memory slot and at least some sort of internal memory.4)There are no accessory provided for USB connection or AV output.(I found these things in my very less expensive camera)5)There is no thread or some thing like that is tied to Lens cap, so many time I forgot where I left the Lens Cap.6)Self timer has just two setting 10 sec or 2 sec, It should have user defined timing.Anurag SaurabhStillwater MN
camera|Wonderful is how I feel about having a camera that actually works. I've probably spent $300-400 over the last 5 years on point-n-shoots, and now I wonder "what's the point?" in having a point-n-shoot??I've been a terrible photographer my whole life. You know, occasionally I'll get a good one. On the first day I had this camera, during evening hours in lower light settings, I took 20 pictures of my dog, and 18 of them came out great!! The other two were probably my fault, but I'm a total novice and didn't read the manual. One of my dog's picture was so good it became my wife's wallpaper on her computer. How's that for instant gratification?Did I mention I have no interest in learning about professional photography? the camera has some manual modes for experts which I'll probably never use, but that's ok. I'm gonna use this camera just like a point n shoot. In auto mode, it automatically adjusts to flower mode when you get close up to something. And the HD video is....... AWESOME!!If you like small pocket cameras that take a pic every 5 seconds, are useless for low lighting settings and fast-moving targets, go ahead and spend $100 for a toy. If you want to take great pictures, and very responsive, can take 3 pics in a row in 1 second... pick one of these puppies up.
camera|Usually I am too lazy to write a review, but I am so pleased with the purchase of this Nikon camera that I need to spread the word. If you are interested in getting a DSLR camera but don't want to break the bank, then the Nikon D3100 is your answer - hands down. After you purchase the camera, take a little time to read the manual and learn how to unlock the power of this camera. Within one month, I have photographed the moon, hummingbirds in flight, landscapes, and portraits. Many photos are worth printing and framing for gifts. I am technically savvy, but digital cameras have always been a mystery. The Nikon D3100 took away the mystery and enabled me to capture great images. You shant be disappointed.
camera|I own a Nikon D7000 that I traded up to after owning a D3100 that I used to take over 8000 photos with. I've also extensively used a Nikon D5100 so I have a pretty good sense of the capability of each of Nikon's three consumer cameras. The bottom line is that images from the D3100 are indistinguishable from the more expensive models. Ergonomically the D3100 is the easier to use compared to the D5100 that had to relinquish four buttons to make room for the swivel screen of the D5100. Following is a link to my review of the D3100:[...]The "better sensor" in the D5100 and D7000 at best has a bit more low light sensitivity but the overall images are not superior to those available from the D3100.
camera|I was always a Minolta fan. I really did not want to change, but I had people telling me to give the Nikon a try, I found alot of positive infomation on line so I gave it a try. I love my Nikon, I even purchased another lens. It is so easy to use, no complicated things to fool with. I am really not good at technical. My pictures are turning out so wonderful, I have had people requesting me to send them copies. The pictures are so clear and the movement does not blurr the picture if my hand shakes just a bit. I love it. Purchasing through Amazon was so very easy, I really like shopping with them.Nikon D3100 14.2MP Digital SLR Camera with 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 AF-S DX VR Nikkor Zoom Lens
camera|I purchased this camera about a couple of months ago and I truly love this camera. Previously, my experience with photography was very limited and strictly limited to point and shoot camera's. But, since I was very much interested in photography, my long research came to an end with this one. The image quality is excellent, with a 14.2 MP you can capture great images. The different shooting modes (auto, close up, distant, sports, night mode, etc) are amazing and the guide mode helps you to learn in your transition phase and while you are getting used to the DSLR. The current lens (18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 AF-S DX VR Nikkor Zoom Lens) is nice, though would have loved to get one with more zoom capability. But, if you are a starter and want to get comfortable with DSLRs then this is the camera and lens to go for. Can go for higher lens later. Will update my review as I use and gain familiarity with different modes and features of this awesome camera, but I think that this is an amazing camera and the best if you are planning on making a transition from a point and shoot series camera to the DSLRs category.
camera|I love this camera! Especially for it's acceptable price but much higher performance than normal DC! Love it! Really easy to use and great for a newbie like me!
camera|This is an amazing camera for the price, especially for someone getting their first DSLR. I got this camera, because I'm about to have a little girl and I wanted to take better pictures than I could with my Droid. Now that I have it, and have taken some pictures, I want to take more pictures of everything. I see amazing shots all around me everyday now.It does have a little bit of a learning curve to it, if you've never used a DSLR (I think all DSLRs do though). There are only two complaints that I have. The first one is a lack of AEB (automatic exposure bracketing). I've seen some really amazing shots that are HDR (high dynamic range) images. The easiest way to do these kinds of shots is with AEB, but that option is reserved for the higher end Nikons. You can still achieve HDR shots without AEB, but you need to either use the timer to reduce shake, or a remote shutter. Which brings me to my second issue with this camera. The D3100, from my understanding, replaces the D3000. The D3000 has an infrared sensor on the front for using a wireless remote shutter. For some reason Nikon removed the sensor from the D3100. You can still purchase a corded remote, or a wireless remote that comes with a wired sensor, but it would have been nice if Nikon had made it easier to take HDR shots on this camera. If you are aware of these two things, and still purchase the camera, I think you will be happy.
camera|This a great camera for anyone starting out in DSLR photography. For the cost and features you can not beat it. The only thing I would recommend is that you purchase the 55-200mm lens as well.
camera|I've always owned Canon high end point and shoots. When I saw this drop to 499.00 same as the Canon T3 I picked it up. I always wanted once in my life to own DSLR and was always told that Nikon DSLR image quality is second to none. Well I'm still learning all the D3100 does but even in Auto the pics are professional quality. The video is also very sharp but you do have to learn how to pan slowly to give the lens time to focus, but video was a bonus I didn't buy this for that. It's a very confortable camera to hold and small for a DSLR compared to others out there. Build quality is superb. I love it and can't wait to use it more!
camera|Honestly with little effort, my photos look like a professional took them! I will never, ever own a point-and-shoot camera again! My son started soccer and I would pull the old iPhone out and snap a few shots. They were horrible!! I know, it is not fair to compare an iPhone to an DSLR. I have a Canon point-and-shoot as well, but it isn't that much better. I have no clue how to use most of the features, but what little I do know seems to be enough. It is super easy to use. And the fact that it takes quick shots keeps me from having to wait for the camera to decide when it will take the picture. I'm able to catch great moments quickly. I recommend this camera for anyone frustrated with their point-and-shoot but don't have any plans to become a professional. The camera is reasonibly priced and worth every dime!
camera|I believe after taking more than 1000 pictures in very different scenarios, it is time to write my review. After owning high end point and shoot cameras in the past, I was ready to move to my first SLR. I like to take pictures for fun, so please take that in consideration when reading my review. This camera is just amazing. The amount of functions and combinations seem endless. Every time I find something new. I see this camera as a learning tool. I have been learning more and more concepts of photography since I bought it. I was able to take very decent pictures from day one. There is only one thing that I don't like. The auto mode uses a very high ISO exposure; as a result, your indoor pictures will be over exposed. That can be frustrating at the beginning, but once you start to use the P mode, that should not be a concern anymore. If you just want to get more control of your pictures, have some fun with your camera, learn more about photography, take amazing pictures, and not spend an insane amount of money, you should try the D3100.
camera|This is my first digital slr camera purchased, i liked it so much, great value and great image quality. I am not much of a camera person so I really appreciated how easy it was to use.I find that I get the best pictures outdoors and also on the automatic settings. I am slowly learning about aperature settings , shutter speeds, etc. but it is really tricky because my pictures come out best on the automatic since I do not really know what I am doing. If I used a slow shutter speed then the picture just comes out blury buy that is probably my own fault.
camera|I bought this as my first dslr, after point and shoots, and I'm still learning. You will need to follow the manual and play with this camera as it has a learning curve for a complete noob and amateur like myself. It seems like quality and I like everything about it so far with my limited ability, but I highly recommend it.
camera|
camera|Nikon D3100 is a very decent camera for starters who are looking to spend in the $1000 range.It comes with all the cool features and an LCD screen with an option to view live pictures.Image quality and noise reduction are excellent for this camera.. have been very happy withthe purchase so far.Last but not the least it has a good battery life.
camera|We recieved the camera within three days of purchase. Everything was in perfect shape. The picture quality and versatility of this camera is awesome. We were using it right out of the box. I would recommend getting an instructional video or book on this camera if you are not currently an SLR camera owner as there are many different ways to set it up depending on environment that you are shooting in, and desired effect you want in the picture. I highly recommend this camera and doing business with the seller.
camera|This is a very good camera that falls just short of greatness due to a couple of fairly minor issues. First off, the pros:Image quality: very good to excellent, depending on the subject, overall the photos trend toward softness, but the supplied software (more on that in a bit) takes care of that very well.The kit lens: Spectacular! You will never buy a better lens for the price, although the manual focus sucks. It is very light as well.Focusing: None in body, not a big deal if you are just getting started in DSLR photography, but it might be a problem if you already have a bunch of older AF Nikkors laying around. One good thing is that the kit lens is very fast for the price.Build construction: Very good for the price; very light and sturdy enough to hold up for a long time under normal (non-abusive) use. The rubberized grip is in particular excellent.Manual controls: Pretty extensive, but some are a little hard to access if you have to do it fast.Supplied View NX2 software: Excellent, you can buy better and more expensive software, but why would you unless you are a full-time pro.Viewfinder: A little small, but nice and clear.LCD screen: Not bad at all except for Live View.The cons:Video: Not bad quality per se, just not great, especially the focusing and when panning.Live View: Fairly poor, very slow focus compared to when using the viewfinder, not very good good LCD screen when in Live View, and you have to take it out of Live View to make any setting adjustments. It makes a rather loud clunk when going in and out of Live View as well.Camera noise: It makes a fair amount of noise, but no worse than most DSLRs.Burst speed: Fairly slow, but no worse than any other entry-level DSLR.Summary: Overall this is an outstanding starting DSLR, as it is generally very simple to use, and has no major flaws. I would buy it again!
camera|I've been a serious photographer for over 50 years and the Nikon D3100, my first digital camera, is far and away the best all-around camera I've ever owned. 13x19 inch prints of high-definition subjects are hard to tell from those taken on my 4x5 camera with its Schneider Symmar lens, even using the 18-55 mm kit zoom lens. At the same time, the camera is extremely versatile and easy to use, even in full manual mode.I normally shoot with manual focus and aperture preferred exposure and have been getting excellent results, even at ISO 800. Auto-focus is extremely accurate when the plane of focus is clearly defined, but I select my focus point and use the camera's electronic rangefinder. The through-the-lens viewfinder, by the way, is surprisingly bright with the f3.5-f5.6 kit lens.Maybe I was lucky and got a superior kit lens. In any case, the only reason I would have now to buy the 35mm f1.8 prime lens is the extra speed, which I don't need at this time. I used to think that I needed a full frame DSLR to get the definition and texture I expected in my large prints. Seeing samples in the online zine "Dpreview" convinced me to try the APS-C format, and I thank them for it.Note: I recommend a filter to protect the front element of the lens, and a lens shade to reduce glare; an older shade designed for a 24 mm lens on a 35 mm camera will work without vignetting throughout the range of the kit lens.
camera|Excellent product, arrived ahead of schedule, and in new condition as advertised by seller, packaged very well, double boxed. The features and quality are outstanding for the price, more than I expected. This is my second Nikon coming from 35mm and very happy with this product. The ability to produce HD quality video is remarkable. I would recommend this camera at any level, especially for an entry level photographer. This camera has great add-on ability with flexibility beyond the imagination. Overall very satisfied and experience no problems.
camera|I just love the nikon d3100, it is light and easy to use. Im just learning and this is a great starter camera. It's lite also, which I love because I have a bad left arm and cannot hold heavy items.
camera|IS ONE OF THE BEST CAMERA!TAKE AMAZING PHOTOS AND HAS SEVERAL FEATURES THAT MAKE THE PERFECT COMBINATION FOR THOSE (LIKE ME) ARE BEGINNER IN THIS HOBBY!HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!
camera|Great camera for the price. Excelent image quality, good videos in HD. Very strong and light body. Easy to use. Only bad thing is that it have no wireless shutter... For such a great camera it should have had more accessories variety.
camera|I love this camera. I went from thinking pictures were annoying to thinking every shot that I snap of my dog belongs in a magazine or gallery wall. Seriously, I really like the camera. The settings make it easy to compose great looking shots. I literally love everything about the camera. If I have one criticism, it is that when you are in video mode and using the camera mic, you can hear the lens focusing on the playback. I could really care less about this, but thought I would mention it.
camera|
camera|Bought this camera to use for my photography class. It will be one week since I've had it. Compared to a point and shoot the images are a lot clearer and seem to be relevant to the light setting from the subject to screen. A major plus for me is that some editing can be done of the camera from it, which has saved some time from editing on the computer. I would recommend this camera
camera|I received this camera as a gift over the holidays and really enjoy using it. I am by no means a "professional photographer". I've had many of digital cameras over the past few years and was ready to play with the big boys. That being said, I'll cover the basics in this review.Build Quality-------------------------The build of this camera is what you would expect with an expensive piece of tech. When you hold it in your hands it feels very solid and does not feel like it will break if you put your hand in the wrong place. The lens is easily attached/detached when you follow the directions in the manual. All buttons provide plenty of feedback so you know you have pressed it or changed a setting.GUI-------------------------The screen interface is very user friendly in my opinion. I actually was able to set up the camera and go through all the settings without even opening the manual. Each setting is clearly described on the menu screens so that you know what you are changing. The interface also allows for on-the-fly editing for minor enhancements such as red-eye, color adjustments, and cropping.Picture Quality-------------------------The D3100 takes beautiful pictures - even when using the basic Auto modes. Remove the lens cover, frame picture, adjust focus, and snap photo. The pictures are very nice! My wife uses the auto modes, while I prefer to use the manual settings so that you can control the shutter speed, focus, etc. It's the best of both worlds in my opinion. Plus, the D3100 has "live view" where you can set the LCD to behave just like a basic digital camera where you don't have to hold it up to your eye to frame a photo. This feature is nice for on-the-go shooting.What is Included-------------------------D3100Wall ChargerBatteryShutter cover (when no lens is attached)18mm-55mm vibration reduction [VR] AF-S lens (auto focus motor included in this lens)Lens coverNeck strap2 Ferrite Cores (needed when using 3rd party cables to transfer to computer or to TV)Rubber Eye CoverRubber Eye CapThis does NOT come with a USB cable for transferring to the computer or a A/V or HDMI cable for viewing on a TV. These are additional accessories. You can pick them up from Nikon or use 3rd party cables - just make sure you remember to use the ferrite cores to protect the camera from interference. Some cables will include these in the cable itself while others will not.I'm planning to pick up the following accessories - which I recommend purchasing through Amazon to save money!Additional Battery:Nikon EN-EL14 Rechargeable Li-Ion Battery for Select Nikon DSLR Cameras (Retail Package)Carrying Case:Nikon DSLR Starter Kit with Nikon School Fast, Fun and Easy DVD Set and DSLR Case55mm-200mm lens:Nikon 55-200mm f/4-5.6G ED IF AF-S DX VR [Vibration Reduction] Nikkor Zoom LensRemote Shutter Control:Nikon 25395 MC-DC2 Remote Release Cord (1 Meter)Thanks for reading. Please mark this review as helpful if you found it helpful!
camera|The D3100 is a very nice camera, with tons of features that point-and-shoot's and regular camcorders don't have. For its price, its one of the best DSLR bargains out there.First, picture taking ability: I really like to take pictures, and although that's not the reason that I bought the D3100, I've got to say that Nikon really did a very good job of making photography enjoyable. It has an extremely wide range of options for every aspect of shooting: The shutter speed can be adjusted from 1/4000 of a second up to 30 seconds at a time, and the ISO can be adjusted all the way from 100 to 3200. With that being said though, I haven't really adjusted too many of the features as I take pictures- the automatic settings are that good!Everything about using the D3100 feels good, from the way it fits in your hand, to the way that the shutter clicks when it goes off (I know that sounds weird, but you have to try it to know what I mean). While my last camera, a Sony Cybershot, had the same resolution (14 megapixels) as my D3100, the D3100 takes much clearer shots, since, with it's larger image sensor, it filters our much more noise than any other camera I've ever had. This means that you can zoom into the shots that you've taken almost 1500% before you begin to notice any graininess in the image. Megapixels sound cool, but once you get above 7 or 8 megapixels you're better off looking for a camera with a large image sensor or nicer lens options. The D3100 has both.As far as the cons for the picture-taking mode go, I haven't found that many yet, my only complaint being that occasionally the camera will freeze up, and it won't take a picture, but instead will just keep shifting focus back and forth between the background and foreground. That's not that big of a deal, as it's only happened to me 3 times so far, and it can be fixed by switching to a different mode on the camera and switching back, but it has been annoying when it has happened, since you either miss your shot or have your subject get restless from standing still so long. It's not that big of a deal, but, like I said earlier, no camera is perfect.I've been using for about 6 months so far, and have been very impressed with it's video. One of the main things that I like about shooting video is that it is basically the same as snapping a picture. Rather than having a dedicated video mode like many cameras, the D3100 just has a red record button on it's back, which you can push to record video in whatever mode you happen to be in, which means that it's much quicker and easier to get nice looking shots. The only annoying thing I've found with the video mode so far is that it doesn't shoot clips longer than 10 minutes, but that's rarely an issue, unless you were to record an event like a church service, concert, or wedding. For most of what I (and, I assume, most other filmmakers) do, I never need a camera to record for more than a few minutes at a time. If you really wanted to film clips longer than 10 minutes, you could install third-party software on your camera to extend recording time, but, that would void your warranty, so I wouldn't recommend it, especially since Nikon put the 10 minutes limit on the camera so that it's CCD wouldn't overheat. If you want to shoot long events, you're better off buying a dedicated camcorder. Where the D3100 really comes into its own is with shallow depth of field shots that camcorders can't do. You rarely want shallow depth of field and long clips at the same time.I'm sure that hardcore photographers and videographers would want something nicer than the D3100, but for it's price it's an amazingly capable video and still camera, and once you buy it, you've gotten to the point where you would have to spend an extra thousand dollars or more to get any noticeable improvement in video or picture quality. You also have to think that, if today was 2004 or 2005, you couldn't even buy a camera with the capabilities of the D3100! Once you buy a camera of this quality, you'll be good for quite a while!
camera|I purchased the D3100 about a year ago and have been extremely pleased. Over this time, I have actually grown to appreciate this camera even more upon comparing it to other DSLRs including the newer D3200.This camera is small and light for a DSLR (17 ounces or so for the body). Whether this is a good or not so good thing is subjective; some people prefer a larger, more solid camera especially when using heavier lenses which can cause a light body to feel unbalanced. I personally prefer smaller/lighter cameras like many people do (ie the proliferation of mirrorless Compact system cameras). This camera is in fact within a couple of ounces of several mirrorless compact system cameras (ie the Olympus OMD-EM5 and the Panasonic GH2) and almost the same weight with the kit lens as some 'bridge' compact cameras (ie Canon SX40HS).The LCD screen is is not as bright as some but does the job. It is not movable (like the D5100) which may be a drawback for those who use this camera for video (which I do not). The optical viewfinder provides a clear and good perspective for framing which has a diopler adjustment for eyeglass wearers. The small body manages to find room for all important controls and menus. Ther is no dedicated ISO button but the FN button can be customized (ISO is the default option). There is no bracketing or DOF preview controls.The AutoFocus function on the Nikon D3100, like every other Nikon DSLR I have ever used, is very quick and accurate under all lighting conditions. I do not use "live view" so obviously I can not comment on focusing with the LCD screen.This camera (as does the D3200 & D5100) uses the EN-EL14 battery. Only a battery actually manufactured by Nikon ($40+) and not a generic 3rd party battery will work. Consequently, having a spare battery is a bit of a luxury with this camera.Of course the most important thing is the image quality and that's where the D3100 earns its 5 stars. Photographs are very sharp, highly detailed and richly saturated at all ISO levels through ISO 1600. ISO 3200 is usable but clearly not as good as lower ISO photographs. It would have been helpful if Nikon included more than one ISO stop (presently just ISO 1600) between ISO 800 & 3200 like the D80. The low light/high ISO photographs are really amazing for such an affordable camera. The automatic white balance is excellent in natural lighting but has a yellow bias under incandescent lighting; the 'manual preset' white balance menu option does a much better job under incandescent lighting. Bright, contrasty outdoor shots tend to overexpose (similar to the classic D40); -3 or -7 exposure compensation is an easy fix. Dynamic Range is excellent even with the kit lens (and Active D-Lighting turned on). I have compared several other DSLRs to this camera (even new models like the D3200 and others costing substantially more) and the image quality of this camera even at higher ISO's can not be beat.The kit lens is actually very good optically and very light (the tradeoff of plastic is of course potential durability issues). The Nikon 35mm f1.8 prime lens and/or the Nikon 18-105mm VR lens are inexpensive lens upgrades optically (espcially the prime lens optically while the 18-105mm provides twice as much telephoto zoom versatility than the kit lens) although the 18-105mm is heavier.An external flash with bounce capabilities (ie the Nikon SB-400) greatly enhances exposure and color indoors. A bounce flash is really essential.With the introduction of the D3200, the D3100 is now priced under $500 with a lens. This is a steal especially when compared to the inferior and heavier, more expensive competing cameras (ie the Canon T2I).
camera|I just recently steped up to A Nikon D 3100. And when it arrived about two weeks ago and I unpacked it,I felt completely intimidated as I looked at the buttons,dials and lenses. I thought for sure I was into something beyond my capability?I picked up the manual,placed the camera beside it and began to read and look and read some more. I would like to say that the manual and all supporting materials appear to be very well written. And now that I am pretty well over my initial shock, I have done some nearly 300 photos so far and am blown away at the results !! Yes it was an expensive investment,I have the following lenses, the 18-55 mm, 55-200 mm and a 50 mm that I have purchased along with the camera. I have been interested in photography from a very young age and now that I am retired with time on my hands,I have started to get more serious. There are many aspects of photography I am interested in,but for now I have a facination with closeups of peoples faces and expressions?Once you have had a chance to work with this camera,you will find that you have made a great investment. I should of bought it years ago?
camera|I am not a professional photographer, but I do appreciate quality photographs. I've had an Olympus point and shoot camera for years and decided it was time for a change. I looked into SLRs because I had a similar film camera a number of years ago and I liked it. Research online at Amazon and Consumer Reports pointed to Nikon as the best choice. I looked into various items, some more important than others, and decided the Nikon D3100 was what I was looking for.I've had this camera for about three weeks now and realize I made the right choice. It is very easy to use. It has interchangable lenses (though I only have the lens it came with for now), and many features to ehlp make my photos look very good. I use the auto settings for now. If I get familiar with the different manual settings I may venture away from auto, but for now this guides a rookie like me in the right direction.Taking pictures with this camera is a breeze. I choose the subject, the light, the angle, and the camera does the rest. None of my pictures are "Life" magazine calibre, but I don't pretend to be a professional photographer. THis camera is what I've been looking for and for now seems to be all I need to have fun with photography. I just returned from foggy, rainy northern Minnesota and the pictures I took onb a dreary Thursday morning look as good as the ones I took a week ago in the sunlight. This fall I will inquire into a community education digital photography class and will look forward to what I can learn.Anyone considering the step up from point and shoot to SLR will be pleased with the Nikon D3100. Gone are the days of missing candid shots because the point and shoot hadn't focused in on the subject. Gone are the days when you have to climb into the lake to get a good picture of the lake. The Nikon D3100 is an affordable, practical camera that will provide you the opportunity to take great photographs without breaking your bank account.
camera|This is my first DSLR camera and I love using it everytime I get a chance. The picture quality is fantastic. I did it right by buying an additional lens the 55-200 lens. This way you have the mix of up close everyday photos with the lens that comes with it and far away shots that get you up close. I have to say I took over 200 photos on a single day on a charged battery and the battery level stayed to full charge the entire time. It was a mixture of day and night shots as well. Love the camera and highly recommend it.
camera|I bought the D3100 for my wife, who takes a lot of pictures, but to date has utilized automatic cameras like the Canon Powershot S2 IS and the Nikon Coolpix. She has a great eye for photography, but was concerned about having to constantly switch lenses for a DSLR on trips, etc. We got the D3100 with the Nikon 18-200 DX VR AF-S ED II lens and a 35 mm 1.8 portrait lens and she loves it. She actually prefered the lighter body of the D3100 over the D7000, particularly when using the 35mm 1.8 portrait lens inside. While the D7000 offers the benefit of not requiring AF-S lenses, she didn't have any existing lenses, so the D3100 worked just fine. I would have liked the additional metal and weight in the D7000, but with her desire for the lighter camera body and a better fit to her hands, the D3100 has worked out better for her. We are very pleased with the picture quality, including the creation of portrait size shots. This is a great prosumer camera and the perfect first DSLR for my wife.Nikon 18-200mm f/3.5-5.6G AF-S ED VR II Nikkor Telephoto Zoom Lens for Nikon DX-Format Digital SLR Cameras
camera|This is a very light weight high end consumer camera, which the whole family can use with very little training, and at the same time can be used with lenses like the 60mm AF-S Micro-Nikkor. Older Nikkor lenses work well, if one understands manual shooting. Of course, we started with a Nikomat. Item arrived early and intact. Also works well with other Nikkor kit lenses. With Canon, Nikon and Leica, the problems are usually the user, the equipment is solid, and purchased for the features and compatibility with previous or intended use. Kit lens plastic lens mounts...I miss the Titanium ones from Topcon. A good buy but get a good case or tote and protective filters for lenses. Included software is easy to use and install.
camera|First of all, when I ordered my camera from Amazon I did not expect it delivered so quickly. Really amazing how fast Amazon ships products out to you. I own a D3000 and love the camera, but one thing the D3000 does not have is "Live" view, and video recording capabilities, which is a plus for me. I purchased the D3100 and I am totally satisfied with the camera. Really nice camera, and the ability to take video is a huge plus. The camera takes outstanding pictures in any setting. The camera is very easy to use and anyone can take a great picture with the D3100. The most I like about Nikon cameras that their lens fit on all their SLR cameras, another plus, no worries in this area. If you want an excellent camera, with high quality performance, I strongly recommend the Nikon D3100. I did a lot of research on the camera and was convinced the D3100 was the camera for me and order it from Amazon because they have the lowest price on the camera, I know I searched many web sites and Amazon had the best, and lowest price and you will get the camera in days, not weeks. Good luck and happy photo taking.
camera|I've been looking to dig into DSLR photography as a hobby. I've previously used two different Olympus point and shoots. I researched for several weeks, looking seriously at the Canon T2i and the Nikon D3100. For the money, the D3100 can't be beat. What sold me was the guide mode. It teaches you how to set up the camera for fantastic shots. I have learned more using that mode in one week than from the weeks I've spent reading books and websites. For the money I saved on the camera, I was able to purchase a telephoto lens to go with it. Worth every penny. I look forward to many years of great photos.
camera|First off, I'm a beginner with DSLR photography....or any photography for that matter. I don't count my old point and shoot pics as "photography"...because well, they just don't compare. This camera is amazing. It has so may options that you can get some of the sharpest, coolest pictures.Granted, you have to actually try to learn how to use it. It isn't a point and shoot camera, and requires a little more work to master. But once you learn the basics of Aperture, ISO and Shutter speed, you should be armed with everything you need.The lens that it comes with is great. It doesn't zoom too far though, so I bought the 55-200mm lens as well. I'm actually kicking myself for that decision now though, as I would really have loved to try out a Prime lens ("non zoom-able" for you newbies like me) since they are faster and able to shoot in lower light, with larger aperture. If you search on Flickr, you can actually filter pictures that use certain lenses, so you can get an idea of what you want.Once you get the hang of it, the camera takes such beautiful pictures, you'll start to think you are a professional. Now, everywhere I go, I find myself thinking, "oooo that would be a cool shot".
camera|Quite a number of years ago I had experience with 35mm SLRs, and just didn't have patience to wait several days for my photos to be processed. Over the past 6 months I was casually reviewing options for DSLR cameras. I wanted the ability to take photos of fast moving objects and to generally take "better" photos than standard point-and-shoot cameras. I looked at several Nikon and Canon "entry" DSLRs. Specifically I looked at the Nikon D3000 and D5000 - the D3000 had poor reviews on several photography sites. The D5000 seemed to be more than a "starter" camera, and more camera than I needed. I briefly looked at the Canon, however based on previous experience I didn't care for their menu system.I've now had the D3100 for several weeks and am completely satisfied. I took the camera on a family trip and was able to take exceptional photos essentially "out of the box". For a DSLR beginner (or SLR for that matter) the guide mode is fantastic. Guide Mode walks you through "English" (or your native language) menus of the type of picture you want to take. Once in guide mode, you aren't locked into preset settings (Aperture and ISO) you can customize these further - again using language descriptions of what you want to accomplish. This capability, combined with the scene modes (portrait, landscape, kids, etc) and full programming modes should last most beginners (like me) for quite a while.Pros:- Excellent pictures (duh)- great battery life (full day, 200+ shots)- light weight, lighter than the D5000Cons/FYI:These aren't necessarily negatives about the camera or kit, just more of general FYIs:- Short focal length lens. The 18-55 lens is common on most kits and works fine for indoor or wide-angle shots. However you'll quickly want to add a lens that will focus out beyond the 55mm capability. I purchased the 55-200 Nikon VR lens and am completely satisfied. Nikon 55-200mm f/4-5.6G ED IF AF-S DX VR [Vibration Reduction] Nikkor Zoom Lens- No SD card included. I purchased the Transcend 8GB class 10 card and so far it has worked flawlessly. Transcend 8GB Class 10 SDHC Card (TS8GSDHC10)- You'll need a camera bag/case. I would recommend skipping the Nikon starter bag as it is only useful if you intend to carry your camera kit like a briefcase. If you're going to be on the move, look into a camera backpack. I picked up the Lowepro Fastpack 100. It stores the camera, extra lens and still has room for several small items. If you need to carry a tripod, you may need something bigger.Lowepro Fastpack 100 (Red)
camera|I purchased a D3000 a couple months ago and, even though it is a fine camera, I was simply not impressed with it. I mean, it is capable of taking some mind-blowing pictures when in the right conditions but I was really disappointed with how poor it was in low light situations.So I went out and bought a D3100 this weekend (still have to sell my D3000) and literally from the very first image I noticed that the image quality was much more crisp even at a high ISO. My D3000 could handle up to ISO 800 but after that you really began to see a whole lot of noise. The D3100 image quality is clean up to 1600, shows little noise at 3200 and is still usable at even 6400!! Now I don't have a problem when shooting in lower light areas and I love it. For me, the ISO performance alone in this camera was worth the money and trouble I've had to go through to switch to this model... I can now say that I LOVE my D3100! :)The live view is actually a nice and handy feature to have if only for framing shoots in awkward positions. I switched from a point and shoot (even then I preferred using the electronic viewfinder) so I was used to live view when I got my D3000. Of course, the viewfinder is how you want to take all your pics but it is still very nice to have live view for framing shots while my camera is on a tripod or propped on a table. I just frame my shot in live view and then switch back to the viewfinder and take snap it. Also, I at first thought it was dumb of Nikon to remove the grid lines in the viewfinder (which aren't in thirds anyways, which is stupid) but I found that they actually function better in the live view anyways. So if you are shooting landscape pics and have your camera on a tripod; pop to live view, frame your shot with the grid lines then switch back to the viewfinder to snap it.I think the video blows and I'm glad this is not why I bought this camera. I didn't know why so many people were complaining about the focusing noise during recording until I heard it... it's atrociously loud! I can actually see myself using manual focus because the auto is just too loud. I was also not blown away with the video quality and the file sizes are too huge for me to warrant filling up my memory card with video clips. Also, when I go to load the clips on my computer, the files seem like they are almost corrupted. Once they are on my computer I can't delete or move them and when I try my computer just crashes. It's really strange and maybe it's just my computers problem but all this means that I won't be using the video feature a lot because it's just not that great. However, this doesn't effect my rating for this camera because.... ITS A CAMERA!!!... It is NOT meant to take good video. Video is just a nice feature but I don't even find it that useful on this camera. Don't judge a DSLR on the video... judge it on the PICTURE QUALITY!!The camera feel is a little nicer then the D3000 and a lot nicer then the D5000, which felt a little too bulky for me. It is a very nice, ergonomic feel to it and, for me, that's important because I travel a lot and I want my camera to be lightweight and comfortable to hold and shoot with.At first, I thought it sucked that they got rid of the wireless remote but by getting rid of this feature, Nikon has actually given you more creative control over your camera. Let me explain... if you have ever experimented with long exposure photography, you will know that you can produce some pretty mind-blowing pictures by shooting in low light situations with exposures rangeing from 30minutes to 5 hours. Now, to do this you need to use a remote and set your camera to BULB MODE. The D3000 (with the wireless remote) would only let you take a maximum exposure of 30 minutes and I always thought it was because the wireless remote times out to save battery life. With the D3100 remote, you have no limit to how long your exposures can be!!! This means you actually have complete control over your camera in long exposure photography and, to me, this is a HUGE BONUS. Sure the wireless remote is nicer for snapping photos... but you still have a 10-second delay and now you have no limit to how long your exposures can be! So, for me, this is another reason why I like my D3100 over the D3000... a wireless remote is nice but if it limits what I can do creatively then I'd rather have a cord based remote.I think the Guide Mode was a neat feature... until I used it for about five minutes. It really isn't that helpful for someone who isn't a complete noob to photography. I wish they could have added some more tips for the more advanced photographer because after using for a short time, I had really gotten all the help info I will ever need from it and now it's just a waste of dial space. I get that Nikon is trying to gear their camera more towards the novice but I just think they got pretty lazy with the guide mode and could have added a lot more to it to really make it a ground breaking feature. Ultimately, I look at the guide mode as a feature that looses it's value after a while. The D5000 was better in that, instead of guide mode, they used that dial space to hold more scene modes which will have continual usefulness.All in all... this is a must have camera. If you are looking for an affordable, high quality camera that you can really grow into, then look no further. If you have a D3000 and are unhappy with it's low light performance then you will be very pleased with the vast improvements in this camera.
camera|This is my first DSLR and could'nt be more happier with this Purchase. It's been two weeks since i brought this camera from Bestbuy (since it was out of stock at Amazon and also with 10% coupon got better deal).I took some picture with the Auto mode and they came out very good. Also, i loved the guide mode (when in doubt use guide). The best part was the 1080P video. I took a dance performances of my wife and Kids at local community get together and they came out so good and my wife (who is very difficult to please) liked it so much that she said that next time we will shoot the video only with our Nikon D3100 ( I guess now i can finally retire my mini DV video camera).
camera|For many years, I used a Nikon FG, which was a mid-level camera. Took great pictures if you knew what you were doing, but of course it was a film camera. Then came digital cameras. For the last 10 years, I was basically using point and shoot cameras, which were great for general landscapes. No longer being interested in standing in darkrooms inhaling photo processing chemicals, I opted for a digital SLR where I could do any further processing on the computer. As a birthday gift to myself, I got the Nikon D3100. Took it out the first few days and achieved less than thrilling results; my point & shoots gave me better pictures. So I took a look at the manual which helped only marginally. I don't think it was orginally written in English and may have lost some in the translation.Common sense told me that Nikon couldn't have put out a $500+ camera that only takes so-so pictures. I looked on Amazon and found 3 books written especially for this camera, and I bought one. Nikon D3100 Digital Field Guide. Going over just the first few chapters of this book made a huge difference. I'm now getting incredible images. My problem was that photography had progressed immensely while I was playing around with the point & shoots. This camera takes advantage of these new advances, plus it sounds like it's made a few advances of its own. It's a very sophisticated camera, but it's also initially complicated, and there is a learning curve. The book explains the camera in detail using plain English, and as a result I'm learning a lot about the camera and about digital photography in general, even though I thought I knew a lot.I am only now beginning to appreciate this camera. It provides you with an incredible amount of control, from very subtle to blatantly obvious. The display on the back of the camera provides technical information, easy to use menus, and allows you to zoom in on the images to make sure they are in focus and to check on exposure of details or shadows. The 18-55mm lens included in the kit is great except that the maximum aperature opening is 3.5 (I was used to 1.8 on my old Nikon). The auto focusing gives you many options, and when used correctly, the focusing is perfect and sharp. As with all autofocus lenses, the manual focusing is touchy and not at all like the old manual lenses, however, I've really not had much need to focus manually, so it's not much of an issue.Although it can be used as such, it's not a point & shoot camera, and therefore it is somewhat bulky. And unlike my old FG, it's mostly plastic. I think that's life nowdays; plastic is king. The neckstrap is kind of cheesy. The camera kit comes with a battery (I might get a second in case, but I'm surprised at how long it does last), and a plug-in charger. Included in the box is software for manipulating your pictures on the computer. I haven't installed this yet because I use Adobe Photoshop Elements 9 (Win/Mac), although at some point I may try it just for fun. There is also another disk which is an extended version of the printed manual; basically it suffers from the same problem as the printed one. What doesn't come with the camera is the USB cable, which I think stinks. Fortunately I had one from an old Palm Pilot that worked. The camera, by the way, does include 2 ferrite cores. I had to research what those were; they wrap around near one end of the USB cable to prevent interference when uploading your pictures. Considering using it because without it I kept getting uploading errors.I didn't plan on writing this much, but really there is much to say about this camera. Bottom line is that I really like it.
camera|This is my 3rd dslr/ilc camera, and I will say I have owned entry level before. The Olympus E-420 or E-450, Sony A100, A200 Etc. are entry level. This camera is more mid level in my opinion, and I knew that going in. I was close to buying Canon t1i or t2i and decided on this. I also purchased Nikkor 35mm DX f1.8 lens, and it has not came off camera since I put it on. I tested the kit lens and put it up. The camera really shines with this lens. Low light no flash shots are great with this lens. The video is great, but I really think 1080p is over hyped. 720p is fine and a lot easier to deal with if you want to put on disc. The camera does not bracket and it should at this price. I use a work around for this, just hold steady and shoot in burst mode and then I use Photomatix Pro 4 to change exposure for my HDR shots. But still it is a hassle. D3100 takes very good pictures. I like the 14 megapixels because I crop alot of my images and that is where more megapixels matter to me. My last camera was a panasonic dmc-g10 and it suffered when cropping compared to this one. My advice if you are a first timer is go to Snapsort.com and really compare various models. This camera stacks up very well compared to pricier models. I do strongly feel this model is more than entry level and could be more than a new comer can use. I came close to buying Nikon D5100 but chose D3100 so I could buy extra lens with my budget, I think it's the way to go. Also check out kenrockwell.com you will find lots of sound advice there too.
camera|I love this camera! The photos are high quality and you can get professional looking photos in no time at all once you learn how to use the camera. Once you play with it (it's the only way to really learn how to use it and how to use it well!), you will love it. And it will grow on you for sure. If you are like me, you will have a hard time putting the camera down once you start taking photos and recording movies.The colors on the photos are so sharp and vivid that you will find it hard to believe you took the photos instead of a professional photographer. The VR prevents you from taking unclear photos if your hands are shaking while taking photos - great for children, elderly people or excited people, like me, sometimes :)I love the portrait mode and the fast shutter mode (for taking sports photos). The close up mode and the night mode are to die for and you will not believe how good your photos in low light will turn out! You will be impressed and your friends will be impressed.The video quality is good, but you will not be able to record long videos (like 30 minutes+). If you want this, then get a camcorder. This camera is exactly what it claims to be: a DSLR that takes sharp photos and 10 minutes(more or less) of HD video (mainly due to the way Nikon decided to save the file - "MOV"). 10 minutes of video is more than enough for me since I really do not plan on using this camera as a replacement for my camcorder anyway. I love the fact that, at this price range, Nikon d3100 is (as far as I know) the only DSLR camera on the market at this time that comes with auto-focus in video mode. The rest of DSLRs are missing auto-focus in movie mode and you have to focus manually. This may not be a big deal to some people, but it's important to me (especially when I have older people shooting videos). Another kudos (in my opinion) goes to Nikon for supporting both 24 and 30 frames per second at both 720p and 1080p!The camera does not come with a memory card (if shooting videos, make sure you get at least a SDHC class 6 card) and a USB cable for transferring photos or movies to your computer. You will need to buy the cable separately or get a memory card reader (not a big deal, though). I have 2 SanDisk 8GB class 10 memory cards and it works perfect for me!Another thing that you need to consider getting is a 52mm polarized filter. This will help protecting your lens and will also help with the quality of the photos since it will minimize reflection and glare (especially if you take photos or videos on the beach, in strong sun, by the ocean, etc). I got a Hoya filter set, but any polarized filter may work for you. If you are not ready to invest in a good set of filters, do yourself a favor and get the cheapest 52mm filter that you can buy in order to protect the camera lenses. It is much easier to replace a $10 filter,if scratched, instead of a few hundred dollars lens!On a side note: you may also want to be aware of the fact that not all lenses offered by Nikon are compatible with this camera. This was not a deal breaker for me, though, since the only other lens I plan on buying down the road is the 55-200mm one.All in all, this is a great camera for the price and I am sure you will be pleased with it. It is an entry DSLR camera that comes with great features for the price!
camera|I had been taking pictures with my roommate's Canon EOS t2i for months, and then I decided to get my own entry-level DSLR. I've compared Canon EOS t2i with Nikon D3100, and finally I picked D3100. I am very happy about the decision.I will make a brief of my own experience of this camera to DSLR beginners:Pros:1. Light weight, great body design. Even with my bigger hands I can handle the camera with comfortability.2. Easy to operate. The buttons are spread evenly on left side and right side so you can use them with both hands quickly. For Canon t2i, you do most things with your right thumb that slows you down a little bit.3. Takes good quality of videos.4. Very fast auto focus on shooting.Cons:1. No wireless remote.2. Low resolution of LCD screen. It only has 230,000 pixels (Canon t2i has 1.02 million pixels). Sometimes when you're viewing playback you may need to zoom in to check the sharpness of the picture or do it with your computer monitor.3. The lens makes noises when you're recording videos using the continuous auto focus function, and sometimes it's not very accurate. If you buy this camera and this is your concern, you can simply use manual focus which is not difficult.4. Battery life is not too great. I need to charge it everyday. To be safe, consider to buy an extra Nikon EN-EL14 Rechargeable Li-Ion Battery for Nikon D3100 SLR and P7000 Digital Cameras.Overall, this is an incredible camera. You will not regret it.In addition, if you'd love to take beautiful portraits for your beloved ones, I'd highly recommend you to also get a Nikon 35mm f/1.8G AF-S DX Lens for Nikon Digital SLR Cameras. It can be used to take short range portraits, close-ups, and indoors where the light is insufficient. I am not doing ads for Nikon or Amazon, but you will really find the lens worth your investment.
camera|This is my first DSLR, I upgraded from the Nikon N75 35mm to the D3100. The D3100 is built very well, it feels good in my hands even though it is pretty small compared to some other DSLRs on the market. The menus are extremely easy to navigate and adjust. The guide features are very useful and provide basic information about things. The rear LCD display is very bright and viewable in sunlight.I've only had the camera for a few days, but I can already see some of the limitations of the camera. There is a bug in the firmware that causes the Auto ISO to default to the highest ISO setting - Ken Rockwell pointed out this problem in his review of the product, my camera has this problem too. I hope that Nikon will release a firmware fix to the resolve this issue. I dislike not having a dedicated button to adjust the focal points in the viewfinder, you have to adjust the focal points in the menus on the camera. The N75 has a separate button just for adjusting the focus points on it. I also wish that the D3100 worked with the new SB-700 flash that is coming out, maybe this can be addressed in a future firmware update. There are plenty of things to like about the camera, but there are things that are missing. I don't care at all about the video capability because I don't see the point in using a camera to record a video.
camera|I am new to the world of DSLRs having only occasionally used my roommates' D70 but mostly making do with a point and shoot. After a few months of reading up on various cameras and asking people for advice, I settled on the D3100 and it finally arrived last week, almost a month after ordering it. After using it over the last week, including an entire day of shooting, here are a few impressions of the camera (without delving into too much technical detail for which I refer readers to [...]Pros* Good image quality - the 14.2 megapixels allow you to make large prints of shots without sacrificing quality* Fantastic high ISO performance - even at ISO 3200 or Hi1 and Hi2, the camera performs well under low light without excessive noise or grain problems. (For example, this camera shoots better at ISO 1600 than a D70 does at the same ISO. Whereas the D3100's pictures had almost no noise, the D70's pictures were quite grainy).* Light, small and very comfortable to shoot with - all my friends who have DSLRs that picked up this camera exclaimed "Wow this thing is SO ridiculously light"* Buttons and menu layout is intuitive and allows for quick changes while shooting* Guide mode - for those who want to try new things with various types of photography the camera has built in tutorials that help get a user started* 1080p video - enough said!* A variety of preset shooting modes for quick shotsCons* No bracketing - makes taking HDR shots a little more inconvenient but doing it manually is of course still possible (and relatively easy)* Continuous autofocus during video is loud - an easy workaround is to focus manually* No external mic input* Cannot use a wireless remoteThe 18-55mm VR lens that comes with the camera is a great all purpose lens to start photographing with and can take very good shots in a wide range of scenarios, performing decently well in low light scenarios too. Coupled with the camera, this camera is an ideal way to enter the world of DSLRs. For those who are relatively new, the preset modes and the Guide mode are useful in understanding the different settings used in night, landscape, portrait etc photography. However, it also caters to the more advanced user with the A, S, P and M modes that allow for finer control and even complete manual control. Consequently, this camera offers amazing value for money since as an entry-level DSLR it offers an amazing set of features (which are comparable to D5000 or even the new D7000) for a very competitive price. Thus, this is a great camera for people thinking of graduating from a point-and-shoot to a DSLR.While the cons for this camera could be significant for certain people (i.e. if you are really into HDR photography or want to shoot a lot of videos with an external mic), they are generally ones that you can live with, maybe even not noticing it. Nonetheless, the Nikon D3100 is a fantastically versatile camera, especially for people new to the DSLR world, in a amazingly comfortable and light form factor.
camera|First impression:I have tried Nikon d40, d5000, d90, canon xsi, and canon 40d. I would say d90 and d40 are the only two cameras comparable to this. when I received the camera,the kit lens is too tight to auto focus. I called up and asked a replacement. Even for this, I still give it 5 stars as it is the problem with the kit lens. before the replacement, I tried it on 55-200mm vr. I found I can easily pull out super quality pictures from this camera without tweaking settings. This gives me the d40 feeling. I did not see this from other cameras that I tried, especially the canon peers. This camera will make you shoot like a pro if you get some basic knowledge on how to compose your frame. Although it is an entry level camera, it produce as good if not better pictures from its expensive brothers. Unless you have a specific goal and purpose that you need its heavy brothers d90 or d7000, you should definitely go for this, as well as 50-200mm VRlens, then you are all set. I have a gut feeling this will become another legendary entry DSLR like d40.Update (11/22/2010):Color tone: Besides the super image quality, the color tone is more on the cold side while d40 is more on the warm side. The color is less saturated then d40 either. This is really personal taste. For me, I prefer warmer color and a little more saturation.So if you want warmer and more saturated pictures, please follow Ken Rockwell's tipsShooting menu->standard>+2 Saturation>OK (used for people)Shooting menu->Vivid>+3 Saturation>OK (use for places and things)Shooting menu->White balance->Auto->click right to A3->OKBattery life: The battery life is not good. after dozens of low light shots and videos, your battery are done. So be careful with shooting videos in low light. A backup battery becomes necessary.Focus: focus very fast
camera|I recently purchased Nikon D3100 to replace my Nikon D60.I did research for more than a month going through all the reviews in the Internet. Generally, review on this Camera is good. I purchased this Camera for its Full HD Video capability, Live View and SD-XC (up to 64 GB) memory card compatibility.I am not a professional photographer, but have passion to photography, So, I bought this entry level D-SLR camera for better quality image than POINT-AND-SHOOT camera.I have read lot of books on D-SLR settings like ISO, F-Number, Aperture, Exposure compensation etc, in actual shooting; I end up using AUTO mode.THE PROBLEM WITH NIKON D3100 (I use with NIKON SB-600 External Flash Unit)In AUTO mode, Nikon D3100 selects only "AUTO ISO SENSITIVITY"WITH FLASH UNIT: In indoor shooting; it selects very high ISO Sensitivity (mostly ISO 3200). So the image quality is not good. In the same condition Nikon D60, selects ISO value of 200, whereas, Nikon D3100 selects ISO 3200. I mean, the Nikon D3100 is not considering the Flash Unit and is not adjusting the ISO accordingly.WITHOUT FLASH IN CLOUDY MORNING TIME: Even in outdoor daylight shooting, Nikon D3100 uses wide variety of ISO sensitivity (100 to 1600) whereas D60 used between ISO 100 to 400, in the same lighting condition. The image quality of the D3100 is not good in AUTO mode and it is only comparable to any POINT-AND-SHOOT camera.You can check this in dpreview site; in D3100 (in pg 14 of review) photo of the reviewer taken with built-in flash has ISO 3200, whereas for D60 (in pg 21 of review)photo of the reviewer taken with built-in flash has ISO 100. In the review they have not mentioned about this, but for curiosity, I downloaded the images and checked the EXIF information.Even the reviewer in dpreview.com has not noticed this biggest flaw!!! It's actually a casual shot with built-in flash, the end result is grainy ISO 3200 picture.Also, try with PASM mode, by setting SOME max ISO value. In flash mode with Auto ISO, it sets this MAX ISO. The only option we have with camera is setting ourselves an ISO value. D3100 selects high ISO values in AUTO ISO setting and the resulting in high grain pictures, which prevents you to use this entry level D-SLR for Casual photography.I am just back from 15 days vacation, with more than 1500 pictures taken, out of which 90% taken in AUTO mode. only 3 pictures are in ISO 100. All other in ISO 400 to 1100 in daylight, and ISO - 1100 to 3200 in flash mode.If you are owner of D3100, please check / review your own photos.Nikon D3100 has biggest flaw in Auto ISO logic, which prevents you to use this entry level D-SLR for Casual photography. Also Live View and Video is not meeting expectations. My D60 is much better than D3100. I am going to sell D3100 and retain my D60. (If Nikon can fix this in firmware, I like to retain D3100, I have written to Nikon, awaiting reply)If you want to buy an entry level D-SLR Camera to use like POINT-AND-SHOOT, Nikon D3100 is NOT the ONE.(Nikon D3100 may produce excellent images with Pro Modes like P,S,A & M, but certainly not in AUTO mode)Comments added on JAN 31 2011.I explored more on this D3100 Camera. Now I am using Aperture priority in most Outdoor situations and Changing ISO values to get desired Shutter Speed. I try to keep ISO at 100, if light is not sufficient then I Change ISO to 200 or 400+, to avoid slow shutter speed. It works fine produces excellent results.
camera|A little background about me: I have owned this camera for 2 months. I have owned a Samsung point-and-shoot for three years and have taken thousands of photos with it, and for the past few months I had been using only the limited manual mode on my camera, and wishing for a camera whose settings I could tweak more. That's when I started drooling over DSLRs.After months of reading about photography, I finally bought myself this camera. It was the best option for the price and for my experience level. It was easily one of the best purchases I have ever made. I bought a kit that also came with a 55-200mm 4-5.6 lens, a case, a tripod, an SD card, and some extra goodies.First, it takes amazing pictures.- It performs far better in low light than any point-and-shoot. With the right tools, it's usable right up to ISO 1600. Compared to my old point-and-shoot, this is a huge bonus.- It's an SLR, so you can take those pictures with shallow depth of field (blurry background).- Its pictures are sharp, clear, and beautiful. The high MP count makes details pop and cropping easy.- It's incredibly easy to use - Nikon has an amazingly well thought out body design, and within weeks I felt more at home with this camera than my old one.Second, I have to agree with the reviews that say the following.- The Live View mode is a gimmick. Don't use it if you can help it. It's clunky and slow and drains your battery. Only use it if you absolutely cannot hold the viewfinder up to your eye.- Video is high quality, but requires a lot of skilled technique to use properly - continuous autofocus does not work that well.Finally, some advice that relates to the purchase of the camera.- The lenses that associate with this camera are the kit zooms - the 18-55mm and the 55-200mm. These are good lenses, but the maximum apertures (3.5 and 4) do leave a lot to be desired in many situations. Within a few days of using the camera, I knew that a better lens would have made all the difference. SO - if you have the money, don't use the kit zooms. Sell them and buy lenses with larger maximum apertures. I don't personally own one of these, but I know from experience that taking pictures would be a lot easier with them.That's all I have to say about the camera. If you are a first time DSLR user, you can't go wrong with this camera. It fulfills all your expectations, and more. If you care at all for your photography and are considering buying an SLR, do it. You will not regret it.Some notes about techniques.- The GUIDE mode is supposed to ease transition, but I spent a long time reading about the technical aspects of photography - I rarely use anything but full Manual (M) Mode. On occasion, I'll use Program (P) if I don't have time to quickly change the aperture, ISO, and shutter speed - and of course I'll set it to Auto when placing my camera in the hands of someone who doesn't know how to change the settings - but otherwise, any of the multiple settings on the dial go quite unused. The reason being is that the light meter often over or underexposes depending on your metering mode, and unless you set an exposure bias, you sometimes won't get the picture you want.- That means, if you know how the technical aspect of photography works, use Manual Mode. Jump right in and allow yourself to match the full flexibility of the camera. If you are still learning, by all means use the many modes Nikon offers to facilitate learning - but don't forget, Manual offers the ultimate in control. You get exactly what you want.- USE RAW. I used JPEG for all the first few hundred pictures I took, and they're great. But when I switched to RAW, my jaw LITERALLY (yes, I really DO mean literally) DROPPED when I saw what I could do with RAW files. You have just as much control with your pictures as you do in Manual mode. You can make your pictures look EXACTLY how you want them to look, and more. Caveats: This requires some familiarity with image editing terms, and a program like Photoshop or Lightroom or Aperture (Mac), and there's a bit of a learning curve, and the files are really big (buy an external hard drive just for photos), but the payoffs are FAR greater. With RAW, photography just opens up from pictures to art.Summary:- Amazing pictures - beautiful in all ways- Low light performance is excellent- Easy to use, but also very flexible- Video and Live View are gimmicks or specialty tools- Included lens(es) is(are) fantastic, but better lenses will blow you away- Learn technical aspects, then use MANUAL mode- Use RAW once you feel comfortable
camera|I purchased a Nikon D3100 about a month ago and right out of the box I noticed the Auto (point and shoot) Mode was not taking the quality of pictures I was hoping for. The pictures looked dull and when I looked at the original file, I noticed it was from the amount of grain in the picture. The grain was drowning out the details, and almost made the picture look out of focus. It was happening whether I was indoor or outdoor, flash or no flash. I changed the camera to P, S, A & M modes, and it took extremely sharp pictures in those modes, which is what I was expecting from the camera. I sent that camera back and purchased a new one from Amazon. Same problem. Well, I have since done some research and participated in forums, and found out there is a problem with the D3100 choosing very high ISO levels in Auto Mode, no matter the setting. This is causing the grain/dull/no detailed photos. You would expect Auto Modes to take easy, great pictures in an entry level camera, most people coming from point and shoot cameras. If you want sharp pictures, you have to use P, S, A or M modes with the D3100. There, you can control the ISO manually, or use Auto ISO and choose a lower maximum ISO setting. Apparently this is a discussed firmware issue, but Nikon claimed they hadn't heard about it when I messaged them... Well, go take a look at the forums out there, it is an issue for those of us who expect quality shots in all modes. Other than the ISO firmware issue, it is a great camera, capable of very good pictures, just not in the auto point and shoot modes.
camera|this is my first dslr camera, and i'm new to photography in general, so this review is geared towards those who are new to photography too and are looking for thier first dslr camera. experienced shooters really wouldn't/shouldn't be looking at this camera as it is limited on advanced/pro features. but for a newbie it's an excellent purchase.this camera is awesome! being a camera, i'll only spend time talking about it's picture taking ability. i've taken video with it, and it works fine. the camera only has a mono mic so sound quality is kinda bad. but if you're looking for video get a dedicated video recorder, you'll be happier.as for pictures, this camera rocks! the d3100 offers a new expeed2 sensor, which is an amazing sensor for an entry level camera. it's low light high ISO performance is excellent, given it's an entry level camera. it will shoot cleanly through ISO 800, and can go as high as ISO 1600 if you run some noise reduction in post production. what does that all mean? ISO is a camera's light sensitivity. the higher the number, the more sensitive the sensor is to light. but when increasing ISO you also increase noise levels in an image. noise is visible small dots on the image, it looks like grain. the ability of a camera to produce relatively noise free images at higher ISO is very important as it will allow you to shoot in lower and lower light conditions without using a flash. so as i've said, noise is very well controlled at ISO 800 and below, and acceptable at ISO 1600, unless you're going to be blowing up and printing large prints.if you can achieve adequate exposure you'll be very pleased with the image quality of the camera. the sensor delivers sharp, high contrast images. the auto focus system is very good, a hand me down from the mid level Nikon D90. in low light, low contrast conditions it can hunt for focus a bit, but that's common to all cameras. the kit lens (18-55mm f/3.5-5.6) is a decent all around starter lens for general photography. it's very capable of producing stunning images. all in all the image quality of this camera is beyond reproach. this new entry level camera is capable of images that older mid level cameras would be proud of (D90 i'm talking about you!).the camera body handles very well. it's a small and lightweight camera, the smallest dslr in Nikon's lineup. all the buttons and controls are clearly labeled, and intuitevely laid out. being an entry level camera it is somewhat lacking on controls. there is only one control wheel, which defaults to shutter speed. you have to hold the aperture button and use the wheel to adjust aperture. there is an FN (programable function button) that can be set to whatever function you'd like. i have ISO set to the FN button so i can change my iso without having to get into the on screen menu. the more expensive mid level and professional camerasa have more wheels and buttons to make on the fly adjustments as quick and easy as possible. but this is an entry level camera, so you shouldn't expect that. as is it's a very easy camera to handle. i dont have any issues with my adjustment settings. i shoot in M mode (manual control), and can easily adjust my ISO, shutter speed, and aperture on the fly with minimal fuss. and as i've gained experience shooting i can quickly and easily go into the on screen menu to adjust the more advanced features before i start my shooting. i suggest just shooting as much as possible to get used to the layout. before you know it you'll be changing settings on the fly like it's 2nd nature. when you do need to get into the onscreen menu you'll find it very intuitively laid out, and very logical to use. my first time using it i found everything i was looking for in menu without fuss. so as long as you're not expecting a professional layout, i think you'll be very happy handling the d3100.this camera does not have an internal auto focus motor, so be aware that you must use only the G series lenses (ex. Nikkor 35mm 1.8G lens). you'll see the "G" series marker after the max aperture on the lens description. G series lenses have an auto focus motor built into the lens itself, which allows it to auto focus on the camera bodies that lack such motor (hello d3100 and others!). you can still mount the D series lenes on the camera, but you'll have to manually focus with those lenses. i thought that was worth pointing out so you dont go buying this camera and a bunch of the D series lenses (which are cheaper). the good thing is in general the G series lenses are newer tech lenses and offer a small performance advantage over the D series (in general terms).so the camera offers great image quality, handles well, seems perfect doesn't it? yeah, but it's not. it's an entry level camera and as such omits some potentially important features. the camera doesnt offer exposure bracketing, which allows you to take a series of photos at incrimentally higher/lower exposures. for me this isn't a big deal at all. i've used a D90 and bracketing, and i found it to be of limited use for my beginner skills. the camera also does not support off camera flash via the CLS (Creative Lighting System) mode. what this means is you cannot remotely fire a speedlight flash (SB900-600) that isnt directly mounted on the camera. you'll have to go buy manual flash triggers. cheap ones can be had for under $40, but don't support iTTL (auto flash mode). the triggers that do support iTTL cost a few hundred. if you get into advanced lighting with your flash you'll want to set the light off camera to create direction to the light, to cast shadows and such. but you cant do that without cls support by the camera. so you either have to use manual triggers, or go buy a SB900 or SB700 and mount that on your camera, then buy another speedlight (SB900-600) and use that as your remote light. the SB900 and 700 can enable the cls system on the d3100, it's called commander mode. sorry if that's confusing, it's hard to explain. the bottom line is commander mode from the cls system is not supported by the d3100 unless you go out and buy an SB900 or SB700 speedlight. if you want to know more about commander mode and the cls system google it. the camera also does not support the mode Auto FP, a mode which allows for high speed sync (hss) with a flash. what this means is you're limited to 1/200 shutter speed when using flash. you cannot go faster. what does that mean? well hss is a great feature that if supported would allow you to sync your flash (not the pop up flash, but a seperate speedlight flash like the SB900 through 600) to your shutter at any speed. so you could still use your flash at the max shutter speed of the camera. this would allow you to greatly limit ambient light when out in sunlight, while still properly exposing your subject via the flash. and it's great to use to freeze motion, especially really fast moving subjects like birds/water/bugs etc. for me this was a huge ommission that i was totally unaware of when i purchsed the camera. i didnt find out till i got my new SB600 speedlight/flash. i tried to increase my shutter speed past 1/200 and it wouldnt go. after hours of reasearch i found out hss just wasnt possible on the d3100. i was really upset, i wont lie. in hindsight it's not that that big of a deal, it's just a limitation i have to be aware of. as mentioned earlier you have to use the G series lenses, which are more expensive. to me this isnt a big deal, i like the G series more than the D series anyways. the final shortcoming i'll mention is the lcd screen. at 230k dots it's a very low res screen. for comparison the D5100's screen is over 900k dots, almost 4 times the resolution. how this hurts is when you're shooting and your focus is slightly off, or the exposure is slightly off. on the lower res screen the image might seem ok, but when you get home you'll find the image isnt ok, it's a bit blurry or dark/light. this isnt a huge thing for me, more of a wish list item. great if it were better but can live with it as is. those are my major complaints, make of them what you will.all in all this is a great camera. if you're just starting out i highly recommend it. i will offer a suggestion to you, though. if you feel/think you're not going to grow and advance a lot in photography, and are just looking for a great camera that's a nice step up from a point and shoot, buy this camera, you'll love it. but...if you plan on growing your skills and becoming an advanced photographer, maybe save up more and get a mid level camera like the D7000. now why would i say that after gushing over the d3100 in my review? becuase as great as the d3100 is for a beginner, it IS a beginner camera. once you start getting into more advanced photography you're going to want some of the abilities that just aren't supported by the d3100. that's the boat i'm in. i LOVE my d3100, it's been amazing. i'm still blown away by some if the images i've been able to capture with it. but i fell in love with photography and i've started learning advanced techniques, and the d3100 isnt keeping up with me. but there usually are workarounds, so dont despair. and dont think the d3100 isnt a great camera, because it is. my last few statements were only directed to those who plan on becoming advanced photographers. for most people, especially those who will never even try to manual control the camera, the d3100 is plenty of camera for you, you won't be dissappointed.
camera|I'm an beginner at photography and this is an upgrade to my D50 and alternate to my Canon S90. The specifications on this camera are simply amazing and simply blow away the previous generation for features and value. Picture quality is great and low light performance at high ISOs are dramatically improved over the D50 which gives you a lot of flexibility. I found Live View to be a great addition but does take slightly longer to take a photo in this mode. Video is a great option to have but I do have to note that it is not a camcorder replacement but more of a fun way to take artsy clips. The autofocus during video works but is fairly loud and noticeable in the clips. I love the lightweight body, it feels solid and can be used one handed but I could see where people with larger hands may get frustrated with the smaller grip as my my pinky barely has any room to hang on.So the only two major cost cutting negative points which is why I would rate this as 4 stars is firstly for the below average resolution for the screen. I find myself constantly zooming in to be able to see if my photo was in focus and difficult to assess the quality of photos from a quick glance which is important in a SLR. I think the 400k display from the S90 would have been excellent and I would have traded less megapixels from the sensor to have them screen instead. Also, some lenses including the 50mm 1.8 will not autofocus with this body which may not be an issue for some people.Overall, this is a great camera and I can't wait to take more photos.
camera|I purchased this camera in October and have used it a lot since then. It takes great pictures, feels good in my hand, is very easy to use, and I think overall a great value.However, it also has an extremely annoying problem that Nikon has yet to fix. This problem has been discussed in at least one other review, in Ken Rockwell's review of the camera, and in the Amazon.com customer discussions forum here: [...]While I read about this problem before purchasing the camera, I didn't know what it meant or how it would effect me. Now that I've become more proficient with the camera, it's become a real issue. The problem is, when the camera is set to use auto ISO and the flash is used in a low-light condition (in AT LEAST Program mode, and I believe in Shutter Priority, Aperture Priority, and Manual modes as well), the camera uses an extremely high ISO and overexposes the picture. This means that for low light shooting in shutter priority mode, you have to choose between auto ISO and flash...a real annoyance.As I know that people get upset when a product they like is criticized, I've uploaded pictures in the "customer images" section to show what I'm referring to and how big an issue it is. They are the three pictures of a wreath, and an explanation follows (and is included in the comments of the pictures). And instead of a washed out picture of a wreath, imagine that it's a washed out picture of your family - a very annoying issue.These pictures are to show how the camera incorrectly uses Auto ISO when flash is used in low light settings. All three are taken in Program mode with the same ambient lighting conditions and all settings the same besides the ISO and flash settings. I recognize that they don't have much artistic value; they're just to show this issue.#1 - Flash on, manual ISO set to 100. Camera picked: SS 1/60, F2.8#2 - Auto ISO turned on - it chose SS 1/60, F6.3, and inexplicably picked an Auto ISO equal to the max allowed of 3200. Resulted in a terribly washed out picture.#3 - No flash, auto ISO still on. It chose SS 1/60, F1.8, and an ISO of 1100This shows that the auto ISO of 3200 is ridiculous (as it's much higher than the auto ISO picked with no flash). I guess just seeing picture #2 shows this as well, as it's terribly washed out.Ultimately, the camera is great in other respects, and I would rate it 5 stars if it weren't for this issue. However, this is a big issue and I have to rate it 3 stars for this reason. If Nikon updates the firmware to fix this issue, I will gladly revise my review, give the camera 5 stars, and remove the pictures showing the issue.UPDATE: I've just learned to adapt to this issue and just set ISO manually when I want to use flash in a low-light situation. I am updating the rating to 4 stars, as I still get great shots from the camera and just treat it like it doesn't have auto ISO.
camera|Just picked up a D3100 today. This camera is really a gem, Day 1 and I'm already sure that I've made the right choice. Was looking to upgrade from my D70, another great camera by Nikon. However, experience over the past few years has seen my Canon G10 seeing more action since it offers a more lightweight and portable option for day to day shooting than the D70.Liked the D90, but that seems even bulkier and heavier than the D70. Didn't want to invest in a full-frame digital; as a "prosumer" who loves photography as a hobby, I pretty happy with the "compromise" of the smaller sensor of the DX series.Pondered the D5000, was swayed by Rockwell's review of it, but it was just a little too lite on the features I enjoyed on the D70. Looked at the promising 4/3rd cameras, but felt the G10 was just as good as many/most of them.Saw the D3100 announcement and that looked promising. Waited to see what D90 replacement would look like and felt too big and too expensive for what I was looking for. The D7000 is a marvelous looking camera on paper and I'm sure will make a lot of people happy.However seeing the feature set on the D3100, and the weight and size, was pretty convinced that it was the route to go. After getting it today, am absolutely sure about it.If you read the prior two well written reviews, you'll get a sense of the technical features of this camera. What I'd add are these features that I like:1) Overall feel: This camera fits perfectly for me, and I've got pretty big hands. Very well designed ergonomically.2) Size/weight/balance: Very lightweight body that balances with kit lens very well, and really nails to size factor for me.3) Build quality: I know I'm not going to get a battle-ready body at this price, but wasn't looking for that. For the materials used, feels very solid and high-end.4) Help system: I like the built-in help system. I doubt I'll use the guide mode, but will be useful for my wife. But you can get help in any mode, so it's a nice built in reference system.5) Well designed menu system: I love this. Compared to the D70, it's like moving out of the dark ages.6) Good button design: Not too many, and easy to get too. Laid out well, and intuitive to use.7) HD Video: Nikon throws in a HD video recorder. Happy to have that too.I really don't have any criticisms as of yet. Been happy with the test pictures so far, and really consider this camera a step up from the D70. I've no problem with the lack of bracketing, although that "missing" feature seems to be freaking some folks out. I do miss the wireless remote, but you can get a wired one.Note: Really wanted to get this from Amazon, but needed it soon for an upcoming trip so went the BB/10% coupon route. Not sure what happened to inventory management on the Amazon side. No worries, I'm sure Amazon will see plenty of lens orders from me soon enough. :-)Definitely check this camera out next time you see it, think you'll be impressed. I bet this is the camera that gets the buzz at Photikina this year.Nice job Nikon!
camera|its a very compact camera in the dslr range, about the same as the d3000 or d5000 in weight and dimensions. but, the features on this beginner level camera are amazing. id highly recommend this camera to anybody who wants to move beyond point and shoot into slr. for a camera that was supposed to be equal to canons xsi, this is amazing. 1080p video, high ISO ranges, sleek body design, and a 14.2 mp sensor makes for a great camera, even for professionals. it would be a great side camera to pull out. for those who really want to compare it to canon, id say its equal to a T1i. i love both companies, but id say until you get up to over $1000 canon doesnt match nikons body quality. so if youre looking to spend $700-800 on a camera, this is the one for you! if youd like to start out on a higher level, you could jump to a D90, or the new Nikon D7000, yet youll be paying about $400 more, so in that case i would recommend canons 60D. but again, if youre looking at this camera thinking, i want to shoot family pictures and sports events but im not that experienced yet, id say its a great choice!
camera|This camera, of course, is targeted to those entering the DSLR world. I am myself just beginning to take the baby steps and I got a really good camera to get me started! This camera is amazing. The pictures are crisp, and I definitely love the "Guide" mode. The camera is light weight and not so big like other DSLR cameras. I agree that the lens that comes with the kit is not that amazing, but it does a decent job. I had to spend quite an amount of money for this camera, so the lens is going to wait just a bit. Overall however, this camera is great. If you're contemplating between the D3000 and D5000, DON'T. Get the D3100. Period...OK...gotta go take some night shots...man this camera rules...
camera|For the cost of this camera, I don't think you can get anything better. The low light performance is off the charts. As a wedding photographer I regularly shoot with Nikon's high end professional equipment and I was amazed how close this camera is to a pro camera. Now let me get specific. In order to compare I took a look at 100% files out of each camera I own.Which camera excels Nikon D3100($Cheap) VS. D300($1600) VS. D700 ($2,700):* Lens = The D3100 is the only camera that comes with a lens at it's normal price* ISO Performance = Tie between D3100 and D700! (It could be Nikon's new processing but the JPEG looks fantastic I was shooting D3100 on 6400iso with very little noise at all)* Low Light Focusing = D700* Focus Speed = D700* External Buttons & Controls for Pros = D700* Menu Navigation = D3100* Ease of Use = D3100* Megapixel = D3100 (14.2)* Sensor size = D700 (Much more important than megapixels but I won't get into this)* Can use older lenses with functionality = D700 & D300* Video = D3100 of course! 1080P video looks amazing.* Frame Rate = D300 at 6 photos a second* Weight = D3100 (light as a feather)* Ergonomics = D700 (big enough for all my finger)Lens:The lens is a kit lens, it will work outside but not so great in low light. The Vibration Reduction will help indoors but Vibration Reduction can't stop a child or pet in motion indoors. Consider buying a 35mm 1.8dx AFS for around $200 and you will be super happy with this camera.Video:I purchased the 3100 specifically to shoot video, so I put on Nikon's brand new 85mm 1.4g Nano lens and shot video with it. The lens costs more than double the camera but I wanted to see how the 1080P video looked. It has the look of a cinematic movie. After the 85mm, I put on Nikon's 50 1.2 manual focus lens and was able to take very cinematic video in manual mode. In order to make it brighter or darker you either need to use a really old lens like the 50mm 1.2 and hit the AE-L (auto exposure lock) and twist the aperture to change exposure. Or you can hit the AE-L button when you get the exposure you like. Its not a perfect system but it works well for me. Inside the menu options you can change the AE-L button to hold the setting until you reset which is helpful.Jello Cam (What's not so great):This camera still suffers from the "Jello Cam" look in video if it is not on a tripod and you are shaky. The video can look like jello if moved too quickly. Use a monopod or tripod when shooting to avoid this. I'm not sure if a faster video frame rate 60fps would help - but at 24 and 30 it can suffer badly.Conclusion:This is an amazing deal! Unless you make most of your income from photography or have a stockpile of old lenses (this camera can only autofocus with AFS lenses) then this camera is the must have camera of the year. If you have good composition skills and an eye for light you can take photos worthy of a magazine with this. Seriously, you won't regret buying this camera. When you do, do yourself a favor and buy an additional Nikon AFS lens that has a maximum aperture of 2.8, 1.8 or 1.4. These lenses will take better portraits and deal better in low light than the kit lens.
camera|This Nikon D3100 is a phenomenal deal for non professionals, the rest of us people that want to take family and travel shots. I've owned DSLRs since 2004, starting with a Nikon D70 and then moving to D40, D200 and Canon Digital Rebel XSi 12.2 MP Digital SLR Camera with EF-S 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 IS Lens (Black) and Canon EOS 40D 10.1MP Digital SLR Camera (Body Only). Those are all excellent cameras, but this Nikon D3100 is better than all of those in one crucial area, the area that matters: it takes excellent pictures without having to fiddle with the settings between shots. Yes, the other cameras are better in other respects: They have more buttons to change settings without delving into menus, they are bigger (is that a plus?), heavier (another plus?), and have better specs (1/500 flash sync speed for D70 and D40), but in the end I would have to fiddle with the settings to get the best results: change the white balance, fiddle with the ISO (my Canons would default to ISO 400 for flash shots, why? Who knows. That meant disabling auto ISO and choosing ISO settings manually), the exposure (+0.7 indoor, 0 outdoor), and so on. D200 was noisy at higher ISO, D70's pictures tended to be cool (i.e. not warm), 40D had cool custom buttons (C1, C2, C3, very cool), but I found its ergonomics worse than XSi or any Nikon; why place the on/off switch at the bottom of the body? Who knows. Fortunately, new Canons have fixed this).This D3100 also makes the D3000 and D5000 obsolete. The D3000 is slow and noisy at high ISO. The D5000 only shoots 720p (not 1080p), no autofocus in movie mode, less resolution. Old technology.What sets the D3100 apart from all the other cameras above is this: set the camera in P (program) mode, auto white balance, -0.3 exposure compensation, slow flash sync mode (for people shots), auto distortion correction on (great!), auto chromatic aberrations correction on (great!), and you are set; now you can concentrate on the only aspect of photography that matters: composition, i.e. framing your shot in the best possible way. There must be a photography mantra that says, "thou shalt buy the D3100, and the D3100 will set you free." Now this is if you shot jpeg. If you shoot raw, you can then use a program like DXO, Aperture 3, or Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 3 to further play with the pictures. My workflow with the XSi was to shoot raw, then use DXO to batch process all the pics according to two settings: people (low contrast, no saturation added) and landscape (contrast, saturation, etc.). DXO would then batch-remove lens distortion, chromatic aberrations, vignetting, apply custom curves, change white balance when necessary, and apply its (almost magical) auto lighting settings to make the shots pop. For now DXO does not have a custom module for the D3100 (still too new of a camera), so I'm shooting jpeg for now. Once DXO adds the module for the D3100, I'll takes shots in both raw and jpeg fine and compare the jpegs straight out of the camera with the raw images processed with DXO. I'm curious to see the comparison.This is great, not only for you, but also for your non-photographer spouse; my XSi took phenomenal shots, but I had to know how to set it. Can you imagine me going to my non-photographer wife and say, "okay, when you take indoor shots of our kids, set the camera on A mode (Canons expose for ambient light in A mode and adjust flash for fill, that's great), +0.7 exposure compensation, ISO 400 or 800, white balance on cloudy, and shoot." My wife was lost at "okay." Sure the custom modes on the 40D would have helped, but the 40D is old technology; can it take 1080p video? I didn't think so. Plus, what lens are you going to use with the 40D? The 17-55 IS? Great lens, but who wants to spend $1,000 for a non-weather sealed 17-55 dust collector (google Canon 17-55 and dust)? Will 17-55 be enough for your telephoto shots? Your kids' baseball games? Didn't think so. What about the Canon 18-200? Sub-par quality, noisy, overpriced.Back to the D3100. Auto white balance (the second most important thing after composition) works great, even indoor (no cloudy setting necessary), the only changes are extreme situations (outdoor shade, or indoor fluorescent or tungsten lights at night, but that is true with every camera. Why that is is beyond me; can't they make smarter cameras that account for these situations as well?); movie mode is excellent; yes, the mic is mono, but that's okay for family use (and that's why you buy this camera; if you are pro, you landed on the wrong page); if you really want to push it, you can use this camera for video, your iphone/ipod touch for audio with an app like FourTrack, and then sync video and audio in post with the excellent Singular Software Dual Eyes program. Your choice. Matter is: DSLR video can look awesome if used the right way, but keep in mind its limitations: jerky camera horizontal panning will give you the infamous jello effect (courtesy of the CMOS sensor), so pan slowly. You'll also have to play with autofocus vs manual focus settings sometimes; I've used the camera in autofocus; it has worked great so far.What lens(es) should you use with the D3100. You should sell the (excellent) 18-55 that ships with the camera. Quality is good, but not enough reach. You can sell it for $140 or so. Take the money and use it toward a more useful lens. What lens? The target market for this camera is moms and dads that want to take shots of their kids; even advanced amateurs like me don't want to travel with a camera bag full of primes and heavy zoom lenses that you have to swap every 10 minutes; this is 2010 (almost 2011), for crying out loud; choose a single zoom and enjoy life and photography; I would use the excellent but underrated Nikon 18-105mm f/3.5-5.6 AF-S DX VR ED Nikkor Lens for Nikon Digital SLR Cameras, the excellent (but expensive) Nikon 16-85mm f/3.5-5.6G AF-S DX ED VR Nikkor Wide-Angle Telephoto Zoom Lens for Nikon DSLR Cameras, or my choice, the jack-of-all trades, the Nikon 18-200mm f/3.5-5.6G AF-S ED VR II Nikkor Telephoto Zoom Lens for Nikon DX-Format Digital SLR Cameras. Yes, yes, if you check sites like Photozone, they will tell you that the optical quality of the 18-200 is not as good (or consistent) as the 18-105 or the 16-85, but it's good enough for moms and dads bitten by the photography bug. A great shot of your kid at 200mm is better than no shot with either of the other two lenses. The optical superiority of the 16-85 disappears at 135mm or 200mm, simply because it can't do it. The 16-85 and the 18-200 are about the same price. The 18-200 will set you free. It won't help you if your kids play baseball at night (too slow), but you'll have to live with it, unless you are willing to drop $2,000 on a Nikon 70-200mm f/2.8G ED VR II AF-S Nikkor Zoom Lens For Nikon Digital SLR Cameras. Sure, we'd all like a 16-300 VR VIII lens with a 20-stop VR reduction, constant 1.4 aperture, with optical perfection, weighing only 500 gr. and below $1,000, but alas our engineers are not as good as the random mutation and natural selection that gave us our eyes ;-0My settings:Display mode: detailed photo info > check RGB histogram and data > Done (why? You want to check if you are clipping the red, green, or blue channels)Transition effects: OFFSet picture control: portrait (for people shots)Landscape: for, well, landscape shots: increase sharpness to 4 (D3100 shots are unsharpened by default)Image quality: raw + jpeg fine (or jpeg fine, if you don't want to mess with raw)White balance: auto (I played with the settings to A1, A2, A3, but images were to yellowish for my taste, as if my kids had jaundice). Auto works fineAuto ISO: onMin shutter speed: 1/30 (1/15 if you have steady hands)Max ISO: I set 800, you can push to 1600 or even 3200 (your choice)Standard ISO: 100Active D-Lighting: on (it works well)Auto distortion control: on (Great)Movie settings: 1080 24p. You can also do 720 at 30p for less jerky movementsInfo display format: i prefer classic black (your choice)Auto info display: offImage comment: your choice. I have my name, copyright (haha), and phone numberBeep: off (please)AEL-AFL button: I only lock exposure, not focus.My accessories:67-to-77 ring adapter (if you have the 18-105 lens)72-to-77 ring adapter (if you have the 18-200 lens)77mm haze filter. I use the best, The B+W 77mm UVA (Ultra Violet) Haze MRC Filter #010 one. You don't want to use a cheap fIlter on top of a $350 or $650 lens.77mm circular polarizer fliter; again I use the best, the B + W 77mm Kaesemann Circular Polarizer Coated Glass Filter. This filter is for your travel shots. It will make blue skies bluer and will remove reflections from that gorgeous Maui ocean. This is an expensive filter at $180 or so; you don't have to get it right away, unless you are going to Maui soon.Why 77mm filters? Because you don't want to go nuts buying filters of different sizes for your lenses. If buy the 67mm filter for your 18-105 lens and later decide to upgrade your lens to the 72mm 18-200, you are screwed. It's cheaper to buy a $5 lens ring adapter to 77mm and use 77mm filters. It'll keep you sane too.Remember why you purchase this camera: you want to enjoy photography; enjoy it then.
camera|I recently updated my DSLR collection to the Nikon D3100 from the Nikon D70. There are good reviews out there that you should check out. However, I would like to share some of my first impressions.Pro:-Better image quality and lower noise at high ISO with the D3100-MUCH MUCH lighter, which will be nice when traveling-Larger LCD screen-11 focus points, including 3D focus which tracks the motion of the subject or camera.-1080p Video-14 megapixels-2nd Generation DSLR-Quiet, quiet, quietCons:-No bracketing option. Not a huge deal since I only bracket once a year-Cannot use my old 50mm 1.8 lens. I knew this before purchasing the camera.-As of 10/1/2010, Camera RAW for the D3100 is not supported in Photoshop or Lightroom. Need to shoot .jpg + RAW or use Nikon Capture NX2 for RAW files. That should be updated soon, so not a big deal.-Can hear the lens focusing when recording video.-No depth of field preview.-Can't use wireless remoteI'm an amateur photographer and this camera meets my needs. I love the fact that it's small and light, with great quality images. If I were a serious photographer and had more money to spare, I would wait and check out the D7000, which appears to have phenomenal specs. I'm happy with my purchase and I highly recommend this camera.
camera|Hurray! The long wait is over! Nikon had us wait for such a long time for its newer models (D3100 and D7000) and it was just when we started thinking if Nikon will ever have an answer, anytime soon, to Canon's T2i, 7D and 60D) they released these two wonderful cameras - D3100 and D7000. Let's focus on D3100, shall we?So I finally had a chance to get hold of this D-SLR at Best Buy today. I am not a pro by any means but I have used many different D-SLRs including Canon (40D, T2i, XSi) and Nikon (D90, D5000). When I picked-up the camera for the first time, my initial reaction was, "whoa - this is so small and light weight"! It wasn't that I wasn't aware of the specs - I knew them beforehand but I was still blown away by how small and light it felt when I held it in my hands. Then, I thought, the grip would not be very comfortable but I was wrong as holding and operating the camera is just fine - thanks to Nikon's well-thought-out design and grip. For the size and feel, it's very similar to D3000 but has more goodies from the higher versions. So from an initial wow factor, I quickly moved on to focusing on features and capabilities.I have just started using this camera so more update will follow but in the meantime my initial assessment of this camera is - I am impressed! It is one heck of a camera which can certainly compete against the best in its class (Canon T1i, T2i, Nikon D5000). Check out detailed reviews at dpreview (.com) and cameralabs (.com) - they should be added soon if not already there.I love this camera because it:+ has enough mega pixels for my needs (14.2).+ captures crystal clear images (thanks to EXPEED2 processor & the CMOS sensor, the sensor is slightly smaller than the one used in D7000).+ offers 1080p (HD) recording, AF subject tracking is awesome (10 min max is fine with me; it records outstanding videos even in low light and to me that's big).+ offers ISO from 100-3200 (D90 starts at 200), it can go higher but I really don't think why I would need anything above that.+ is small & light weight yet has good grip, easy to carry around in hands or neck.+ supports SDXC cards on top of SD and SDHC - now that's nice.+ (25-Sep-2010): has buttons that are well organized especially the video recording mode with a lever so you cannot mistakenly activate recording. That video recording lever once unlocked, gets locked in 30 seconds if you do not record and the countdown begins as soon as you unlock the lever. Also you can record video while you're in any dial (imaging) mode (Auto, P, A, S, M, and so on) where as in Canon T2i, etc. you have to move the camera dial to movie mode. So this is a great convenience - you can jump between taking pictures and recording videos with a simple unlocking of the lever. Additionally, you can be in a preferred dial (imaging) mode (Auto, P, A, S, M, and so on) and change the release mode to Single, Continuous, Self-timer or Quiet mode (this is located right underneath the main dial) - another great convenient feature.+ (04-Oct-2010): In-body photo and movie retouch menu. This is great as we don't need any special software to apply certain touches. I love it.Could have been even better if:- it had the bracketing option (not too much to expect at this price point level but oh well I don't use that much but for some people this could be a big plus).- grid lines were available (I miss them in both in live view and in the view finder).- Active D Lighting was not limited to just ON or OFF (either you have it or not at all, instead of low, medium, high, etc.). Don't get me wrong the ON just worked fine (better than Canon T2i) but I can't compare with all other modes.Recommendations (optional accessories):* In my personal order of importance - your preference may differ. *1. Nikon UC-E4 USB Cable - not included. (~$6)2. UV filter - a must for protecting your lens against accidental damage. (~10$)3. Carrying case is a must to protect your investment. There are many cases to choose from and it's up to you to decide but I suggest getting something like Lowepro SlingShot 102 AW (all weather proof carrying case) so if it rains, you can pull out the weather guard and cover it up. ($90)4. Additional rechargeable Lithium Ion EN-EL14 battery so you never run out the juice when you're traveling and do not want to miss capturing a moment for good. (~$35)5. SB-600 Speedlight. Those who have used speed lights would know what difference it can make to an image with adjustments you can make to light for an image. (~$225)6. 18-55 VR lens has its limitations so if you have extra $$$s, buy body only (if that even is an option) and get yourself a 18-105 VR lens. But at that point, you may want to consider D90 which still is a good camera and offers many more controls. (~$325 to $350)Overall:I give this camera 5 Stars because it takes excellent pictures in almost all conditions (bright or low-light) and that is exactly what I wanted this camera to do for me. Period.I must commend Nikon for not getting into the mega pixel race (read marketing). They instead kept the photographer in mind and focused on delivering greater picture quality. Kudos to Nikon for having that courage.
camera|I am a photography teacher in NYC and online. (See my Amazon profile for my website.) I teach beginner and intermediate photography students every week. I've also been a professional photographer for the last five years with images published in The New York Times, GQ, New York Magazine, Women's Wear Daily, The New York Observer, The Village Voice and Time Out New York.(This review is for beginner photographers.)If you're a beginner, you're most likely asking yourself: Nikon or Canon? Really, I feel confident in saying that you can't go wrong with either. I've used both brand's cameras extensively and find that they both offer amazing image quality with well-built, solid cameras that, if taken care of, will last decades. There are two differences between the cameras, though, that can be taken into consideration.The user-interface: If cameras were computers, Nikons would be PCs and Canons would be MACs. PCs are built for people not afraid of technology whereas Macs are built for people who want things super-easy. Nikons excel at customization options which means you'll see so many more options with the Advanced features of a Nikon than you will with a Canon. Canons, on the other hand, excel at ease-of-use for beginners. Canons offer less advanced options and can be easier to learn on. This can be frustrating down the line, though, once you've learned a lot about photography. At that point you may want all of the options that Nikon offers and be frustrated with your Canon. If you're someone who really likes to delve deep into your hobbies or if you're intent on becoming a professional photographer, I'd say a Nikon would be your best bet. If you're someone who wants to learn the basics of photography and only imagine yourself being a hobbyist, Canon would be a better option for you.Where Nikon excels: Flash photography. I often find myself in situations where I'm shooting event photography (weddings, movie premiers, benefits and galas) where I need to use a lot of flash. For this kind of photography, I'll always prefer to be shooting with a Nikon. Nikon's flash metering (how the camera magically decides how much light to fire out of the flash) is much more consistent than Canon's. You can take a Canon and shoot the same scene three times in a row with flash and all three images will be at different brightness levels. You can do the same thing with a Nikon and all three images will be wonderfully the same. If you're somebody who plans on shooting a lot with flash (indoor photography, event photography, etc.) you'll want to consider going with Nikon.Where Canon excels: Richness of colors. I've been in numerous situations where I've been on the red carpet taking the exact same picture as the photographer next to me. I'll have a Canon and the person next to me will have a Nikon. This has provided quite a few opportunities to compare the images side-by-side. What I've found is that the colors on the Canon's images look richer and make the image pop more. If I'm doing fine art photography (anything I'd like to someday hang in a gallery), I'll always want to be shooting with a Canon for this reason.If you're set on Nikon, there are three cameras you should be considering and it all comes down to what your budget is:D7000 $1,400 without lensD5100 $750 without lensD3100 $600 only available with lens(current prices as of 2/19/11)Here's what you get for spending extra money (each camera compared to the one below it):D3100 vs. D5100:The D3100 is an EXCELLENT camera so if you only have $550 to spend total on camera and lens then go out and buy this camera. You won't regret it. If you're considering spending more money, here's what you'll get from the D5100 in comparison:-Better performance in low light situations.-A higher resolution screen on the back of the camera so you can see your images more clearly and make out if they actually turned out well.-An external mic jack. (If you're planning on shooting video with an external mic, you'll want the D5100 over the D3100.)-A flip out screen (handy if you want to put your camera anywhere but at your eye level and be able to see what your camera is about to capture before you shoot it)-Faster continuous shooting. If you're often shooting sports or any fast moving subject, continuous shooting allows you to capture multiple images in a single second. The D3100 shoots at three frames per second whereas the D5100 shoots at four frames per second.-Higher ISO options. The D5100 offers one more stop of ISO than the D3100 does. If you don't know what ISO means (or what a stop is) just know that this allows you to more easily shoot images in low-light situations.-Longer battery life. The D5100's battery will last 20% longer than the D3100The two advantages of the D3100 over the D5100 are: less expensive and less weight. Whenever a camera is less expensive, it means you'll have more in your budget for the lens. The D3100 weighs 10% lighter and is 10% smaller than the D5100.D5100 vs. D7000:The D5100 is Nikon's latest and greatest and is even newer than the D7000. Phenomenal camera! If you're stuck, though, between the D5100 and the D7000, here's what you'll get by spending more money on the D7000:-More focus points. When using auto-focus, the D7000 will have an easier time focusing on what you want it to focus on.-60% longer lasting batteries.-Faster continuous shooting. If you're often shooting sports or any fast moving subject, continuous shooting allows you to capture multiple images in a single second. The D5100 shoots at four frames per second whereas the D7000 shoots at six frames per second.-Weather sealed. This means you can shoot with the D7000 in the rain.-Two memory card slots. This is really a cool feature. The D7000 has two memory card slots which means you'll be less likely to find yourself standing in front of a gorgeous scene with no more memory left.-Faster shutter speed. The fastest shutter speed on the D5100 is 1/4000th of a second; on the D7000: 1/8000th of a second. To be honest, I can't think of any practical reason why this would benefit you unless you're planning on shooting some really bright scenes like directly into the sun.Advantages of the D5100 over the D7000:-A flip out screen (handy if you want to put your camera anywhere but at your eye level and be able to see what your camera is about to capture before you shoot it)-Smaller and lighter: The D5100 is 10% smaller and 30% lighter than the D7000. This is something to consider if you plan on carrying your camera around with you a lot.-Less expensive so you can spend more on your lens!If I can clarify any of this, please email me!-JP Pullos, photography teacher, NYC and online (see my Amazon profile for my website)
camera|For people looking for new DSLR camera, stop, this is it. It has none of the D3000 drawbacks: Fast buffer, never overloaded. When intentionally overloaded by myself on continous shots, it will clear the buffer very fast(ADL on if you're wondering). Image sensitivity at high ISO is great acording to random reviwes, but I'm still waiting a prof test. But think about it, on Auto ISO the range goes to 3200 - WOW, and I can't see any noise. You can shoot everything with it, but you need a flash - SB 400 will do.Cool stuf:You can take photos from the liveview LCD screen. I shot a few movies and seem great, in focus most of the time. I don't care much about video, I have a video camera HD.You can still set AUTO ISO from the menu and set minimum shutter speed. Downside is you cannot override the AUTO ISO in any mode including Manual. You have to change it back to off from menu and than loose time figuring out which is the best ISO/aperture/shutter speed.For shortcomings, I have to look hard but here they are:(BTW I've been using it daily for 1 week)1. LCD sceen has a lower resolution and one cannot see if the foto taken is slightly out of focus - bummer, but they have to save some features for the D5100.2. No bracketing - who brackets anymore? 3 pics of each just to be 100% sure seems a waste of memory card and time (deleting the other2. We are talking about exposure bracketing, not focus bracketing BTW.)3. ADL only on or off - lol, if you really are worried about small shadows and highlits you can always add more ADL from the retouch menu in the camera, after you take the photo. Or on photoshop or iPhoto etc. On is plenty for the prosumer ;)4. Easy to get image out of focus: one can change the focus point from the screen by pressing the arrows from the OK ring. You use the OK ring a lot and if the LCD screen has returned to ready to shoot position and you press the ring one more time(goof) the image now focuses to the right/left/up/down depending on what you pressed. Combined with a low resolution LCD in the hands of a beginer = out of focus images. Just pay attention.I'm still waiting for standard high ISO tests to confirm my love for this camera. Best camera for travelers, no questions. If you want more get ready to bend your neck hauling close to 2 lbs of gear. Not me. BTW buy the 35mm 1.8 lens for low light/no flash IT BLOWS YOUR MIND.*Update 1 year later:I downgraded the rating from 5 to 3 stars. I have beed using my camera for one year now and I wanted to sell it.1. Unknown to us initially there is an problem with the sensor's software: it overexposes the pictures frecvently on auto ISO, especially in difficult light situations with high contrast. Nikon's response was that it is not an error but rather they changed the algorithm which calculates exposure on purpose. They wanted a good camera for low light. What happens in practice is that on Auto ISO (which most people use) the camera will push the ISO very high even in bright sun (will do 400-1600 ISO !!). Huge issue - burnt highlights - no way to recover it (maybe bracketing is missed after all: Worse off, the problem is the same with the D7100 and to a lesser degree D5100 (acording to reviews). NIKON, NIKON...Why did you change the algorithm????????? Updates to original camera software do not fix the problem - it is not considered a problem by Nikon. My next camera will be a Cannon T2i or whatever will be available from that series. It is more expensive but now it's worth it given this exposure issue. The only solution I found,a compromise, is to limit the range of auto ISO from 100 to say 200 or 400. This pretty much makes high ISOs useless and guess what ISOs your photo's will have? The max ISO you set.2. The LCD is moderately scratched and blurry from whear which adding to the low resolution - yep, hard to see if picture is in focus. I did not overuse the camera or abuse it. I am an amateur photographer and I wear it on my side (over shouder) or across - so there is allways rubbing with the clothes. And I'm not using the standard Nikon strap (which is too short for comfort and slides off your shouder) rather the smaller UP strap (which is great).I didn't want to write the upadate initailly but I felt it is my responsability not to mislead but inform everyone about what I know (which is not much). Take care.
camera|The Nikon D3100 is an excellent entry-level DSLR. Could you pay more to get a "better" camera with "more features"? Absolutely. But why? Would you use those features? I looked long and hard at several in my research before buying - the models I considered were the Canon T2i, Canon 60D, the Nikon D90, and of course, the Nikon D3100. In the end, I decided the extra features on those other cameras were features that I likely wouldn't use. I'm interested mainly in taking lots of pictures while traveling -- pictures of clouds, landscapes, maybe some street photography. I wanted a smaller, lighter DSLR with good battery life and great image quality. The D3100 delivers on all accounts.So what do the cameras in the next price-tier have that the D3100 doesn't? A lot of stuff that most people looking in this price range won't be concerned with. Here's a list of the "missing" things and/or "problems" with the D3100 as I found while researching my purchase:1) Most online reviews and forums mention a problem with AutoISO and the built-in flash. When using the built-in flash in full auto, AutoISO jumps straight to the maximum ISO value, which I believe is defaulted to ISO-3200. Nikon says this is intended to get a better exposed background, fine with me. Personally, I think that ISO-3200 images out of this camera are very useable unless you're pixel peeping. If you just want to blow up an indoor portrait to an 8x10 (or even larger, I don't know!), you won't have a problem. Don't worry about it!2) You can frequently hear the lens auto-focusing in your videos. Ok, you got me. If you're in a silent environment, yes, you will hear the autofocus motor, but if you're recording kids laughing and having a good time at the local indoor waterpark or at a parade or something, it's not loud enough where it would be a bother. If it is an annoyance, you can still shoot video with manual focus.3) No external mic input. The D3100 is sufficient for getting a clip when you want it, you're not going to have movie quality sound. Who carries an external mic with them on vacation? If you're buying a DSLR specifically for video capabilities, you probably should be considering a dedicated camcorder anyway. For my purposes, there's nothing wrong with mono sound.4) Lack of bracketing -- too much to explain in a review. Google it and see if you would ever use it. I can see why it would be useful, but I doubt it'd be useful for on-the-go photography.5) Manual settings buried in menus instead of having dedicated buttons -- Most people at the entry-level probably aren't shooting full manual. The D3100 features several "scene" modes that you can use, otherwise there's always aperture or shutter priority, or even full auto. Depending on which priority you're in, the scroll wheel on the back will adjust the aperture or shutter speed. If you shoot full manual all the time, you may want dedicated buttons, meaning you should look elsewhere. If you're not in full manual, I can't see this being a problem.6) Lack of built-in flash commander mode -- you can't trigger an off camera flash using your built-in flash. Some DSLR's have built-in flashes with this capability, the D3100 does not. For travel photography, this isn't an issue. For most at-home photography, this isn't an issue. It could be for macro photography depending how close to your subject you are, or if you have a full studio with multiple flashes setup in your basement. If you decide at a later point you want this capability, some external flashes such as the Nikon SB-700 can function as a commander. Otherwise, you can use whatever external flash you wish in conjunction with the SC-28 or SC-29 cord inthe D3100's hotshoe.7) Perhaps the biggest potential problem with the D3100 is the lack of a built in focusing motor. This means the D3100 will not autofocus with plain AF lenses (manual still works though). Any lenses with the AF-S designation will auto-focus just fine. This can be costly though - on some of the higher-end lenses, the difference can be $600 or more between the AF and AF-S version of the same lens. Again, this comes down to "what will you use it for?" For this, I go back here: If this is a problem, you shouldn't be looking at an entry level DSLR anyway.Nikon ships the D3100 with the 18-55mm AF-S VR lens, offers a very affordable 55-200mm AF-S VR telephoto, and my personal favorite, the 35mm f/1.8 AF-S lens. The 55-200 can be had for under $100 if you catch a sale or rebate, and the 35mm can be had for under $200. These three lenses will cover most of the needs for entry-level photographers, and all three of them auto-focus on the D3100. By the time we as amateur photographers outgrow this setup, we will know specifically what focal lengths we primarily use in order to make a more educated purchase for the expensive lenses later on. And I'm convinced, when that time comes, you'll have your eye on the latest and greatest prosumer DSLR to go with your fancy new lens anyway.Until then, enjoy the D3100 for what it is. A great, inexpensive, entry-level DSLR, which, in my opinion, produces excellent images when in the hands of a photographer ready to learn!
camera|This is my first time buying a Digital SLR. I have mainly used point and shoot cameras in the past and have always had fun taking pictures. I wanted to start digital photography as a hobby so I decided to buy a nicer camera. After reading many reviews and comparisons I decided on this camera as it is the update to the Nikon D3000 that a friend of mine has. They love their camera so I figured this was a good choice. Unfortunately I have not learned enough to take many pictures off of Auto mode, so it acts like a point and shoot. Compared to my Kodak point and shoot the pictures are great. I love this camera as it does a good job of taking pictures and is not very heavy. It looks like it should be, but does not feel like it is. It appears to be a very sturdy camera.Nikon suggests certain memory cards that they certified to use with this camera. Most of these for an 8GB card are $50 or more. I purchased two Transcend 8GB Class 10 SDHC Card (TS8GSDHC10) from Amazon and so far these have been amazing. I have the camera saving in both RAW and JPEG until I can get familiar enough to switch completely to RAW. Saving in this format is 20MB a picture and this card has no trouble keeping up.As a first time Digital SLR buyer and user I love this camera and would highly recommend it to others. We took about 300 pictures at a Thanksgiving get together and a few other people tried the camera out and were impressed as well.I am not a professional so please don't take my opinion as someone acting as an authority on this subject, but as a first time user I am happy and hope my review will help any other first time digital camera fans out there. Thanks.
camera|I bought the D3100 about a month ago after my D70 died. I write for magazines and have to include both product and outdoors photos with my articles.Plus: The D3100 is easier to use on a tripod than the D70 because all the info is displayed on the rear LCD, not on the top of the camera where I can't see it when the tripod is set high. The light weight and small size are major plus factors for the way I work. Controls are very easy to use and quit intuitive. The NEF and fine JPG combo is nice. I suppose the live view is a plus for some people. Photo quality, when the settings are correct, was excellent. Much nicer than my D70 when using the same lens.Minus: No remote, no grid lines, no bracketing, no Speedlight remote command mode for my 800 flash. Auto focus did not work with my 6 year-old 70~300 non-VR lens (but it works fine with my first generation 18~200 VR).BIG minus: Nikon has a firmware problem. If I am in Program mode and if the ISO Auto to "On", in dim light conditions it uses high ISO whether or not the flash is used. The auto ISO setting does not recognize the flash. Ken Rockwell pointed this out. You have to manually set the ISO when you use flash. If you use the built-in flash for fill-flash, this ISO thing will be a real issue, just as it is when the flash is your mains source of light.I don't care about the video capabilities, but the auto focus certainly does mess up the video's audio.In all, I think it's a good camera with that one serious ISO/flash flaw.
camera|Part of my job, at a newspaper, is to rely on heavy cameras we have at our disposal, but when it comes to my personal stuff, I prefer to go very light. That's why for the last years I just kept ultracompact digicams with me that worked (and still work) fine fine. Recently I got some money from a gift, and decided to buy the new Nikon D3100 for taking better portraits of people in my life... to take quality pictures of what I'm used to do with my small digicams, in situations when I can comfortably carry the DSLR without worrying about the bulk. Basically, I bought this camera to use it exclusively with one or 2 prime lens I'll be buying in the near future.After more than 1,000 shots with this camera in the last 2 weeks, I'm very glad with the purchase. This lightweight and fast device is a joy to use! Very lightweight, and great looking design.This Nikon feels great in my hands, the build quality seems sturdy and looks kind of pro even for it's smallness compared to bigger DSLRs. I love how I can set the func button to control ISO or other stuff like White Balance.The lens included with the camera is very very sharp, so far I cannot complain. I'm amazed at the clean images I get with ISO 3200 indoors!! Wow, that's something that we couldn't say a few years ago with these cameras. I've already had pictures published in the newspaper set at those high Isos, and no problem... They look great!!I also love the option of setting Picture Controls and Auto ISO. I usually set my camera to Portrait or Standard plus a little bit (1) of saturation.I have already taken lots of photographs indoors without flash, portraits outside, candids indoors and outdoors, and even handed the camera to my brother (who knows nothing about operating DSLRs) for shooting parts of a concert and he got some beautiful pictures!! And that's one of my favorite things abut the camera: I can give it to other people to take pictures as a point and shoot, and they enjoy using it and taking nice photos without worrying about setting stuff.I really don't care about video capabilities, nor liveview. I rarely use them but when I have done it, I've liked what I've seen. My only complaint is the battery, as I think it drains quickly compared with other cameras in the similar category I've seen.So, for recording my life (and my family - friends - myself) in those moments I don't mind carrying something bigger than my ultracompact, the Nikon D3100 is perfect. I wouldn't bother to carry something bigger or heavier. This is the perfect balance.My next buy will be the Nikkor 35mm 1.8 lens, and the small sb400 flash, that I will use all the time instead of the kit lens. I have nothing against the kit lens, but I love primes and the idea of getting the best quality possible for the least money. Then, in a few months, I may get a prime telephoto for complimenting the 35mm in the candid stuff. And that's all I think I will ever need for the rest of my life in personal photography.I'm very very happy with my purchase, thanks Nikon!
camera|I did not heed the multiple warnings I found online about how Nikon cut corners on this cameras construction. Look for yourself.One 8 inch drop from my hands to a wooden table and the lens separated from the camera, something broke inside and is now ratlling around (clearly plastic) and the lens will not reattach at all. Now those of you who have been at this longer than a few years know that a properly constructed camera will 9 times out of 10 survive a drop to the ground from your hand and 999 times out of 1000 will survive an 8 inch drop to a table top.Shame on you Nikon for putting this product out there.Besides that the movie mode is a waste. All bells, whistles and smoke and mirrors. Such a cheap made product doesn't deserve further technical review.Thankfully I purchased full coverage repair, I'm going to get my money back and go with another camera.Should have kept my D90. I'm so disgusted that Nikon has dipped into the cheap thin plastic department I may take my money to Canon.POS.
camera|My interest in this camera was mainly to video our kids in hd (well, that was hubby's selling point to me anyway). Unfortunately, there is all kinds of noise on the videos from the auto focus. Another problem is it takes two hands to zoom. There isn't a zoom button, you have to use the actual lens. What in the world? What kind of camera doesn't have a button to zoom? Ladies, if your husband tries to use your desire to capture your small children in HD during these fleeting early years to convince you that he needs this expensive, fancy camera, don't be fooled. It's meant for pictures, not video.
camera|I bought this in October, because I was in a hurry to have a good camera to take pictures of my new niece. I have been rueing the day ever since! It dropped once, and the lens was no longer able to stay attached to the camera, which is super annoying when you're taking newborn pictures! I was able to work around it, although it was painstaking. Then my son went to hand me my camera and accidentally dropped it and then it would no longer turn off. I had to superglue a piece together to keep the battery door shut and now the lens has an even harder time staying together. I kept babying it, because it's my only camera. I took it to take pictures at my kids' field day and then as I was taking a picture, I couldn't see anything. I took the lens off and three little pieces came loose. I have no idea how that happened! I am NOT impressed and I don't know that it's worth trying to send it in for repairs. I would encourage everyone that if they buy this camera (for some crazy reason), that they invest in a camera bag that thoroughly cushions it and never let anyone else touch it. I would not buy this if you plan on taking lots of pictures often!
camera|Before reading further please be sure to read my comments below!Tentative on checking this camera out further, I'm writing this review fast to warn people of the shortcomings of the D3100. I wish that I'd saved my money. My first thought is suckered once, suckered twice. The same defect of the movie mode that I now wished had been fixed is still there. The manual warns of strong light sources, namely sodium and fluorescent lights. They produce banding or flickering, albeit I haven't yet seen as I just got this camera and haven't given it a good test. There is a fix, supposedly, but I have to check that out. My intent was to use the low light features profusely and shoot lots of neon during magic hour. Being that by the manual the movie mode is near useless in this regard, if it's like my previous camera, my aim to buy this upgrade, for me, is defeated.There are cool features such as the added memory capacity support that I needed to upgrade to, from my Coolpix L5 point and shoot. It supports SDXC, which seems to be the future. 14.2 MP is good to have although not worth the money for my purposes. My goals were met using my older 7 MP camera, and for me this upgrade to a DSLR, for now, is totally unnecessary. I can stitch together photos to have the wide angle equivalent, and I had a good telephoto to get as good as with any extra lens, for the most part. I have been into Nikon photography for some 33 years, and I should have left it as that. Instead I decided on the spur of the moment to achieve the professional level in digital, as I couldn't argue about the price.It is full of bells and whistles, and seems to be chock full of tech goodies to appeal to digital novices like me. Maybe I'll get to know this camera better, it is not too intuitive to learn. There are warnings in the manual, you cannot point it at the sun lest you damage the sensors. Fire warnings, even.It is designed to be used by the viewfinder, not by the monitor which I am used to. Maybe an energy saving feature but doesn't work well for me. I have bad eyes and need the larger LCD image to see what I'm shooting. With eyeglasses it is somewhat inconvenient. You can set it to use the monitor but it shuts off quickly and I fail to see how this can be enabled to do it all that way, yet. If I find better later, I will change my review and rating, but as this seems to have some big appeal, I wish to get out the news that this camera is a big no for me, so far, and maybe then others.
camera|I am not happy with it. Such an expensive camera and I can't figure it out. Probably user error but I can't get the graph to come off the screen and it takes forever for the camera to recognize what I want to take a photo of and then shoot it. I can't take rapid photos either...there is a 5 second delay between each photo. I am about to have a new baby and bought this camera for baby pics and to last as the child grows, but I am already hating holding it because it is so heavy. The straps don't seem secure either. A camera bag is a must which mine did not come with, so I will have to buy that seperately. There was a card in the camera box about registering for a sweepstakes. I thought it was interesting until I read that the sweepstakes had expired in 2009! I mean really?? So how long has this camera I purchased been sitting on the shelf the sweepstakes ran from 2008-2009 so the camera is over 3 years old just collecting dust inside the box?? Not happy at all.
camera|Shot this with my D3100, 720p and 30fps. After a minute or so the deer gets closer and I refocus. You can clearly hear the sound of the lens focus. Also, the D3100's video seems to have a jello effect when i'm moving, even slowly. Brilliant video when i'm still though. Enjoy![...]
camera|This camera is excellent and our second Nikon DSLR within a month as we originally purchased and still have the Nikon D5000 which is also a great camera. The problem is the D3100 does not come with the NEEDED UC-E4 USB Cable (available separately) to connect the camera to the computer? Why after spending $699.99 (Full Retail) they could have easily included this? You buy a lens you get a lens sock free and a shade collar for the lens, etc. I have purchased other cameras in the past even $99 cameras and they come with the usb cable.Nikon has great products as proud owner of: D5000, 35mm f1.8, 55-200mm, P80, SB-400 and now the D3100. They USUALLY come with everything you need and more.
camera|budget is really important while buying a camera, and this one has so much potential for its priceit's range will probably be useful for a couple of years before you &#34;need&#34; to upgrade. and lets face it, nowadays you almost have to upgrade every year.
camera|I am a professional newborn photographer at hospitals and we use the same camera so i'm super happy to add this camera to my personal life!!I would reccomend this camera to anyone who is intrested it purchasing an SLR camera.
camera|This is the camera I have been wanting for awhile. It seems to be everything advertised. Haven't had a chance to take it out and explore all the settings, etc., yet but so far it seems to work fine. Camera was received timely.
camera|I was stuck on my film camera but im getting to know digital so far so good very easy to use
camera|From a novice to a professional, this camera deliversEasy to use. After a few weeks purchased a zoom lens.That made this camera a complete package
camera|I bought this product because I know that is the better camera for simple and medium users like me. perfect.
camera|i finally got the camera i always wanted because its so easy to use for beginners and the professionals! im gonna upgrade this ear but i will not be letting go of this babe.
camera|We have loved this camera so far. I can't wait to get some action shots of my daughter playing soccer.
camera|So far after 3 days the camera is perfect for my use. The ease of use, after reading the directions, is intuitive. The best part is the speed of the picture upon pressing the button to snap a picture, NO DELAY! Point focus and shoot.
camera|I really love this camera. It takes great quality photos and is lighter than i thought it would be. The features are really great for a beginner photographer.
camera|Fairly easy to learn to use, but still learning. Takes beautiful pictures.I am well satisfied with this purchase. Would recommend it.
camera|This is an excellent camera for begginers like me. Ive been using it in my practice to take picture of my orthodontics patients and i get excellents results (using also a macro 105mm; i still need the ring flash). Good, cheap and nice
camera|I like the size and weight. Easy to travel with and for a mom who likes to take pictures of her kid, this camera is perfect for me.
camera|I've been using for Christmas and my pics are the best, I really like the colors and everything I've been able to use by now. I'm new to DSLs but this camera is really easy to use.
camera|The Nikon D3100 is an excellent camera. It will capture clear photos and works very well with creative shots for the more advanced photographers. I've taken tens of thousands of photos with my Nikon D3100 and it still works like new. It's easy to use, durable, and a ton of fun! I have nothing bad to say about this camera and would recommend it to anybody.
camera|For a beginner who knows only basic photographic skills, like me, it suffice to help me get into a more complicated world of photography. Sometimes I feel it not good enough, for example at night, but more frequently it is my skill rather than the camera's capability that limits the performance. I deduct 1 point because I think it should be $50 cheaper. :)If you are a beginner interested in photography and want to learn more, it's for you. Otherwise forget it.
camera|After having our first child, my wife and I wanted a &#34;better&#34; camera to record the years of his life. This camera is very easy to use and takes amazing pictures. I read all of the reviews and it seemed like a toss-up between this and the Canon. I picked this because it was rated slightly higher for user friendliness and Amazon had a heck of a deal on it. Thanks Amazon.
camera|As a devote NCIS fan, I had to get the same camera & back pack the agents use so I can &#34;grab my gear.&#34; Paid for the camera & zoom lens with all my eBay sales. Thanks to my new camera, my listings have awesome photos.
camera|I chose this rating because this product met and surpassed my imagination.I would recommend this product to all my friends so that they can share in the experience that I am enjoying.This product is easy to use even for an amateur like me.
camera|excelente camara!!! para un principiante en camaras reflex es la mejor en mi parecer, un equipo que cumple con las caracteristicas necesarias para entrar con buen pie en el mundo de las camaras profesionales.
camera|I've gradually increased the quality of cameras, most recently trading in my Coolpix P90 and buying a &#34;real&#34; camera, the D3100. The biggest differences are that you can catch so many more &#34;moments&#34; without asking people to &#34;smile!&#34; Action shots are brilliant and this Christmas produced the best pictures we have ever had in the low light of Christmas morning. Every other year we have been so dissapointed with the result, mostly due to low light.Also, the Guide feature is great when you aren't sure what setting to use. It will walk you through what you are trying to accomplish; portrats...nights. Then 'click' perfect picture of my dog in the woods at dusk, when my previous attempts at choosing the settings gave me sub-par results.Finally, the most glaring difference to me is the ability to capture depth in a photo. You want to capture the object; my 5 year old talking with grammie, and then blur the inconseqeuntial background a little. It does it perfectly even on the &#34;auto&#34; setting.I love this camera.
camera|I needed a christmas present for my wife and i bought this camera. It works fine i hope it keeps this way.
camera|Everything OK, no problems, highly recommended. As I posted is what I got, hope to be back to buy something to this business
camera|I like the look and feel of Nikon equipment over the Canon's. They feel much more well built, higher quality. The D3100 is absolutely great as an entry level, nearly everything is there. The only thing I wish I had was IR for a remote control. But it's not something I'd use every day and I can get away with a wired system when necessary. Other than that, I am getting better and better photos every day!
camera|Xmas gift for my daughter.. Her expression when she opened it was priceless!!! She just love it!!! She also been wanting this model for the past year
camera|Excelent camera to begin in the professional world of photographers.Easy to use and high quality photos . . .
camera|It is very good. I did not find any problem. It reached due time also. I recommend to buy this.
camera|Received it about 3 weeks before Christmas, so I would have time to learn and practice. Using the automatic mode this camera produces very good pictures (especially shooting kids in motion) with great color and resolution. I was taking dramatically better pictures, then with my previous point-n-shoot camera (which was one of the better ones in that class). So even a novice can dramitically improve with this step-up, using just automatic mode. I am looking forward to learning how to use the other manual control features, but in the mean time it made the Christmas day pictures much better this year. I can not speak from a professional perspective about the quality of the enhanced features, but I am very pleased with it. (Looking forward to adding the telephoto lens sometime soon).
camera|This is a our first DSLR and we purchased it for quasi commercial purposes. We are a small business and bought the camera to take pictures of our products for online sales as well as for personal use.We are extremely pleased with the camera for the price. The photo quality has been a huge step up from the point and shoot that we had been using (Stylus Tough). The camera body is light and compact. It's hard to take pictures if you don't have the camera with you, so size was a selling point for us.Battery life seems good. So far our limiting factor has been our card size not our battery life. This camera takes both JPEGs and Raw photos, so anyone moving into their first DSLR should be prepared to invest in some memory, the pictures are huge.This camera has been budget friendly for a new business. About 2 years ago we purchased a Stylus tough for only marginally less, and the resultant pictures were pretty lousy (in fact we usually opted to use our phones instead). So we have been quite pleased to see a slight step up in price resulted in a huge jump in quality and flexibility.We liked that this camera came with a lens (great for a first time buyer). We will likely be adding a 55-200 mm zoom lens in the next few months.Some of the downsides to the camera: the small size of the view finder, the low resolution in the lcd screen and that it is not weatherproofed.The weatherproofing is a bit of an issue, since we spend a lot of time on the water. Our next camera (likely a few years down the road) will be weatherproofed.
camera|Not much more can be said about this camera - it does what it intends pretty well. Just be advised about formatting the memory card before you take pictures. The camera can do that, just get to the menu for it. Otherwise, this camera has been great. We're finally not missing those pivotal moments with this camera - those smaller cameras typically take 2-4 seconds to decide if they're going to take a pic or not. And it does tack pretty good movie quality scenes as well.
camera|One reason I bought this camera, was due to the fact that it will accept all of the lenses that I used on my old Nikon FM-2. They will work just fine in &#34;manual&#34; mode. This is a definite plus, as most of the old lenese, are worth more than the camera is. The Autofocus Lens that came with the D3100, is good for general purpose use, and performs quite adequately.
camera|Just bought this camera. The quality is amazing! We got a great deal on this camera and are very happy with our purchase.
camera|This is another great camera by Nikon. It is an entry level DSLR, but the quality of the camera body is excellent. It is a great do-everything camera. It is smaller and not quite as heavy as some of the other DSLRs out there, which is great when you're working with some of the heavier lenses Nikon has to offer, such as the 18-200mm f/2.8. Live view is great- screen is crisp, very detailed, and beautiful. Mine came with the 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 VR, which is an excellent lens for someone just learning, but you will quickly want the flexibility of a longer lens, like the 55-200 VR. Love this camera!
camera|This review is more about the customer service than the product. Don't get me wrong , the nikon was not only in perfect condition I received extras with it that I did not expect. I did receive the wrong item at first, I was upset and maybe a little rude well actually stupidly rude, when I called the customer service, Kimberly who answered the phone was so upset about the mistake I assumed otherwise. I buy things all the time mostly it is not what I buy or how much more I pay it has always been customer service, long as I get good service I don't mind spending more. The effort Kimberly put for me to get my camera has been above what the camera is worth. So with thank you for your service
camera|I bought one of these refurbished and I couldn't be happier. Don't be afraid to buy refurbished electronics, people! I got a great deal! Everything works on my d3100 as intended, no problems, clean sensor- everything is excellent. This is a great camera for DSLR beginners/college students. Or someone who just wants something nice and light, and small; this camera is nice for people with smaller hands. I love this thing.
camera|I am new to photography, and this camera meets and exceeds my needs. I bought it with the kit lens, which I would recommend to a first time user, but not to anyone with good Nikon lenses.
camera|Great one for begginers in photography, like me.Is a great camera to learn and be better takin' pictures. 5 stars.
camera|This is my first digital SLR and I've been out of photography for a while. I found this camera very comfortable and easy to use. I recommend it for anyone looking to learn at a great cost.
camera|I researched extensively before selecting a digital SLR camera to begin learning more about taking full control of a camera's hardware. While everything I read said that the most important part of a photographer's life would be the glass, and the body of the camera was only a secondary consideration...obviously the body of the camera will have some relation to the lenses available for use!The reviews here are excellent and in-depth, and as I say, I'm just a novice, so I have nothing to add save to say that these reviews didn't steer me wrong, and I've been *very* happy with my purchase.
camera|We just bought the camera and its great we had an issue with the sd since it was kind of stuck nonetheless when it was pulled out we realized it had a sd adapter which it didn't make any sense. However the camera its working perfectly and we are very pleased with the purchase!
camera|This camera is terrific. It generates RAW, it comes with cool filters built in, it's a nice size and weight and it's easy to use. I like it a lot. It was a fantastic gift for my husband to think of for me - it's a good step up from the last camera i had, but it's not too sophisticated or complicated.Gorgeous pictures too.
camera|Since both items were bought from the same supplier I made a mistake reviewing the previous item. Anyway both are good and my daughter is happy with them. As I said the camera arrived on time, in good conditions and we are happy with it. Tha bag is kind of big for the camera itself but soon we will be getting more lenses and accesories. Thanks for the good service.
camera|Very good camera. It working excellent. Pictures are bright and video is clear. I can get pictures very quick and they will be sharp.
camera|This absolutely a great camara. The pictures are very clear. The camara is very easy to use, and light weight. Accessaries are very easy to find. Would recommend this camara to everyone. Also great Price.
camera|I got D3100 refurbished. It is a great camera. Very easy to use and full of features. I had to decide between Canon T3i and this one. After watching so many videos and reading man reviews, I went for D3100. I upgraded from a Canon point and shoot, and I am glad that I did.
camera|Very good camera for the price. Absolutely love it! The pictures are astonishing and the video quality is good as well. Very nice camera, the usability as well has been well thought so that you never miss a shot. I love it.
camera|The D3100 is a great camera for the beginner who wants nice quality for an easy to use DSLR.-Scott
camera|Bought this camera a few weeks ago and love it. I can't say I understand 75% of what it does (that's why I bought the dummies book) but for out of the box shooting it was extremely easy to figure out.I've taken some great shots of my extremely wiggly hedgehog with only one slightly blurry pic (did I mention he was wiggly?)If you do buy this camera you won't regret it. You will, however, have to buy your USB cable separately. For such an expensive camera + lens, I don't understand why Nikkon doesn't include the cable (UC-E4 USB Cable)
camera|There are plenty of reviews here referring to this wonderful camera, and I share the feeling it's a great entry point for people that want to us DSLR cameras. So I won't bother being redundant about the good stuff. The only one thing that I'm disappointed is the connector cover (the one that protects the ports like USB, accessory terminal, etc) I bought a GPS accessory, and it's connected to the camera at all times. This one connector cover is shared by 4 terminals, so that means that whenever I'm using my GPS unit this cover is open all the time and my terminals are exposed to humidity (rust) and dust. Bad design!
camera|This is my first Digital SLR; I didn't have alot of time to research so I went between Amazon reviews and trusted camera store's opinion. It is very simple to use and takes great pictures. Some are close to amazing. The camera is very light and easy to handle; the controls are placed well and set up was a breeze. While on vacation, I bought a 18-270mm Tamron lense with IS & AF. I have no problem holding it steady without using a tripod. On the down side I am finding out I am limited in adding other zoom lenses because of the light issue. I would like to do more wildlife & animal shots. All said, I really like the camera and it is a breeze to use.
camera|This is indeed a great Camera. Price is really affordable if you do not want to go for Canon T2I. Pixel does not matter for NIKON as far as the surrounding is good.
camera|I bought this camera primarily for the mobility and 1080 video, but quickly became addicted to it's photography. There are multiple modes to easily choose from for every type of shot you will need to take. With an automatic and manual adjustment, you can either take the easy way, or do it yourself. There are many different lenses available, but can get pretty pricy. I'm doing just fine with the default lens as it still has incredibly good quality.
camera|I have always been a point and shoot Nikon lover, have owned several over the years and been happy with them. Years ago I was into SLR photography with a antique Praktica. Decided to move up with this camera as I was tired of missing shots, and getting poor quality prints. I have had this camera for about two weeks and can't stop experimenting with it. The camera is fun and easy to use. Very intuitive menus and functions. Have already entered one shot in a photo contest at our local zoo. Takes great photos, recommend the user thouroughly read the manual via the cd rom as well as take advantage of all the tutorials on the Nikon USA site. There are hundreds on You Tube also. An excellant value for the money. Can't wait to upgrade the lens though to a zoom. The kit lens is great but not good for long shots.
camera|It is very good camera , lenses are good , picture quality is good and easy to use . simple and awesome ... easy to carry
camera|Great sensor and image quality, low light / high ISO performance, light weight (grip is too small), 9 point AF (but slow), better kit lens than D40.Missing remote IR sensor. The shutter lag is quite annoying and is intentionally slow. The quiet and timer modes in the drive dial are virtually useless. Battery life is not so good.Overall good enough to be worth keeping since it is designed to be the gateway to higher end Nikon models.
camera|I like this camera, can't stop playing with it. Has useful editing mode. Can't go wrong with this buy, I am only a beginner so I guess this camera has everything I need if you are planning to go pro you may need something else!!!
camera|First dslr, feels good. Takes nice pictures. Still reading book on how to get the most of it. Great other than sometimes hard to get it to focus. Mostly with close shots, about 2 to 3feet away. Might be doing something wrong. Really like camera tho. Good day.
camera|I love it! Although it doesn't offer a built-in microphone nor 1080p @ 60fps (for slow motion), this is a great value for entry-level DSLR users, like myself! I bought mine refurbished for a third of the camcorder equivalent price and half of it's step up DSLR (including CMOS size)! I shoot in 1080p @ 24fps, just like any movie on television! The Hollywood film look is a real turn-on, and the image quality of amazing! Now, be mindful of the sound from the lens that the on-board mic picks up. I am investing in a digital recorder to remedy this problem, but this will only give me more options to play with, having two mic ports and adjustable sound that I can sync in post. Most DSLRs have less than amazing sound quality and this is no exception. It's not your one-stop shop, but it is a very impressive piece of equipment for what it's worth. You will get what you pay for! I rank this overall 4 out of 5 stars and recommend it for beginners!
camera|I was very nervous buying a "used" camera. Not knowing if scratches were on it, dirty, focus issues or smells like someone's cigarettes. etc... But this was a First Class Purchase all the way.PROS:The price was unbeatable!Order was placed and processed without a problem.Purchased 2nd day delivery. Order was shipped next business day.Camera arrived as promised.Not knowing what to expect when the camera arrived. we unwrapped it and I swear I thought this was a NEW camera. It was in Nikon packaging with all the bells and whistles like it came from the factory.Camera tested; all works perfectly- even smells new! LOLCONS:NONE!No worries. This customer is coming back!
camera|This refurb came in not only in record timing but also in record shape, i feel like it would have been a big mistake to buy this camera new knowing what i know now about the quality of the refurb. And not only that, even though I am new to dslr usage, I do have some training and this camera for a beginner is awesome. Great product and if you are into photos then Nikon is your drug, trust me. I can't wait to buy another lens for it
camera|Very impressive results. This camera has the ability to convert any novice photographer into a professional one.Have recommended to friends and they are equally satisfied with it.
camera|Before get the nikon d3100, I had a Panasonic FZ35, which is a very good and nice camera; I was very happy, but after 1 year, I just had to give the next step to a DSLR camera because the panasonic started to be insufficient as per the things that you learn thru the time.Well, the D3100 works amazingly good, I got the camera with: 18-55mm lens + lens 55-300mm + speedlite Yongnuo YN-560 II.This small equipment works very well in my own opinion, It is easy to configure, light weight, and when you have the 55-300mm and the external flash, wow! It looks very professional. I know that this could sounds like fool words for those who are professional; but for those who are beginners (like I certainly am), it is nice; because you feel that you actually have a serious product, not just a toy.Well, the camera takes amazing pictures, even with the 300mm lens which I know is "darker" than the 18-55mm; but when you get used to set the external flash... no problem at all!The photos are very sharp and the color is vivid! Also the bukeh (blur background effect) is very... VERY nice. But this will depends on the settings you have in your camera (F#, speed, distance from the subject, etc).I'm not a professional, but I like very much the art of photography and I'm being to get contacted by friends of friends, friends of family; because they have seen the pictures on my facebook profile and they liked. So... I'm very happy.If you would like to know anything else that I perhaps didn't mention; let me know; I'll be more than glad to help you.I'll post some pics later.
camera|I bought this camera to go to the next level with my photography. So far it takes great photos and has alot of features. I am such a newbie when it comes to photography that I am probably not using the camera to it's fullest. I have to read the manual. I will admit it takes some getting used to the size of the camera. It's not so easy to travel with because of the big lens so I find I never take it with me to travel. I need to figure that out.Also I tried to do a video and after only a short time, the camera turned off. It's like the video only does like 20 minutes. I thought I would get more time.My only other complaint is the focus. It takes so long smetimes for it to get into focus. I thought I would be able to take faster pictures but it's like now I have to wait longer for the camera to come into focus so I end up with more shots out of focus or missed shots because it didn't focus in time. This might be a 'newbie error' or something I have to learn though.It was good to see my camera in a commercial on TV. So I guess it is a good buy.
camera|I love this camera. IT does everything I want and more. The only drawback is ... There isn't one. For your money you will not find a better deal.
camera|worth your money~~!!!!!this is my first DSLR and its amazing.i'm 1 month in and im taking amazing phtos
camera|This is a great camera. My wife who is not the most tech savvy loves the camera. It is easy to use and gives great results. My wife went through the instructions and feels very confident that she is ready to take pictures and is excited about moving to the "next" level in photography.The only complaint I had is the Amazon advertisement is misleading. It says that if you buy the camera you get a 32 GB card free. I did and it did not come.. I went back and you have to read the instructions very carefully. You must select the options of the card plus the bag and then when you go through check out it is supposed to credit you the price of the card. I had to order a card today as it did not come with any card.It was my mistake, but it is not clear, and might just be deceptive... I thought I read the ad carefully, but alas I did not...
camera|I'm not a pro but I thought it was about time to upgrade from a "pocket" digital camera to a DSLR. I purchased this camera last week and I can't say that I have much experience with this thing nor can I say I'm a professional photographer. The best thing about this camera is that you don't need to be! I took about 300 pictures the first time I took it out and the clarity and precise pictures I got were impecable! This camera is definately worth every dollar.
camera|this is my first SLR, worth to buy overall, i try to buy T3 (canon 1100) but when i compare with D3100, this nikon is the best choice in class
camera|Written from the perspective of someone who has taken photos all her life with small, cheap cameras:This was a scary investment for me, at first. I had recently used a Nikon D3000, and I liked the quality of the images it snapped. Once I decided to make the purchase, I was unable to find D3000, so I stepped up to the D3100. I purchased some additional lenses, and the entire investment was about $1000.00I was willing and ready to purchase the D5100, but upon comparison, found that the resolution in the D3100 was admirable, and perhaps better, than that of the other model. I have been extremely happy with the pictures I have taken so far, with only two complaints about the camera in general.First, the shutter is noisy. Someone had told me that before I purchased the camera, and at the time I had though, "how noisy can a camera be?" But now, after having shot thousands of pictures for school events and family functions with this camera, I concur. Sometimes, settings are quiet, and the photographer seeks not to disturb an audience. However, with this camera, there is no "sneaking up" to surprise a subject. Every photo you snap will be announced by a loud snap and clickclickclick.Finally, my larger complaint - one fact that I wish I had known before I purchased the camera - is that there is quite a delay when photographing in low light. That several second delay may mean the difference between a great shot and a grand blur of an image. I photograph my toddler grandchildren frequently - many low-light attempted shots of their high-energy antics has resulted in really bad pictures. Granted, a flash would correct the problem, but sometimes the light of a flash kills the artistic aspect of a photo.There are some great features which offset my two complaints. Primarily, the automatic settings of this camera will make any newbee photographer more self-confident. Another "plus" is that this camera has an automatic lense-cleaning feature -- the lense shimmies at a high-frequency rate to loosen dust. It's pretty cool, especially considering I often forget to check the lense for dust. Finally, there are cross-hairs in the view-finder which allow one to point the camera and know exactly how the subject will appear in the image. I understand that not all cameras have this ability.Would I purchase this camera again? Absolutely. However, now that I am aware of the low light shutter issue, I intend to trade up and purchase a Nikon with better low light ability. But for someone who has never owned a DSLR camera, this is a great first camera!
camera|The camera is fast, light, handles well, buttons feel good, solid. It takes very nice pictures, and in manual mode you can make it do whatever you want. The controls are intuitive, for a DSLR.I'd add more but there are about 300 other reviews you could be reading. I bought mine based on Ken Rockwell's recommendation and I don't regret it.
camera|I know this is not the best DSLR camera out there, but I can assure you it's the best camera I have ever had in my hands. In my nephew's baptism, some people though I was a hired photographer...
camera|This camera is everything I hoped it would be and more. It's perfect for an amateur like me; the operation is straight forward and easy to figure out, the auto mode makes taking everyday pictures a breeze and I really like the guide option that helps you pick the mode you need for the look you're going for in a photo. My dad went to school for photography so he helped me pick this one and now he's really jealous of it. I would recommend this camera to novices and professionals alike.
camera|Great camera, It was a gift for graduation and my fiance really was surprised. Really pleased on the product. Thanks again.
camera|Just have it for a couple of weeks. Moved from a D60 to a D3100 to have more features like video. I complemented with a 18-270mm lens which make it more appealing!! :) Great purchase so far.
camera|After looking and searching and getting more information, before I buy a new camera and reading reviews, I decided to buy the Nikon D3100. why? because I was looking for a camera I was able to choose my lens and change it, the quality of image, plus the quality of the item also. Not too heavy, easy to use, dont need to read anything, because everything it is in the camera for you to take the best shots. I have an old Nikon with the films, and is great, but I dont want to bother with the films and to develop the pictures. I just take the memory out and plug it to my pc and done. I have other digital camera when they came first, but still quality not the same. So if you want a camera the you can change lens and do more this one is the perfect one, and the price is great at amazon, other places I looked, they charge you more.
camera|I have been a film SLR user for many years but this is my first digital SLR. I bought digital cameras as soon as they came out, a boxy thing from Kodak, then a point-and-shoot from Olympus. But I delayed going into the DSLR realm for a long time. I knew I would get a Nikon some day, and with an upcoming vacation I wanted to get a new camera. I looked at the price and performance of various models, and finally decided the time was right. I am very impressed with the camera and feel I have made the right choice. My familiarity with SLRs and the ergonomic layout of the camera made me feel at home with it right away. I have typically used fixed focal-length lenses in the past, but this lens accommodates a useful range. I am still getting used to the autofocus, but I have had plenty of experience with manual focusing and can always fall back to that. I am disappointed that the USB interface does not support a mass-storage mode, but other than that I am quite happy with it.
camera|Best. Camera. Ever. I am in LOVE with this camera. Easy to use plus it takes gorgeous photos! I bought mine from Hunts Photo and Video and I highly recommend them..I only paid $486 for the D3100.
camera|I was browsing for a camera for a long time before finally deciding to buy a Nikon D3100. I am a college freshman and just about to start a photography course in August. From what I had heard, this camera was a great choice for someone just wanting to get their start in photography.I'm so glad I made the choice to buy it! It's an awesome camera, great for just tracking events and I know it'll be great when I start taking classes.It arrived really quickly, which was awesome because it meant that I had it in time to take it on a missions trip to the Dominican Republic! I definitely reccomend it.
camera|This camera is great. I got it as an upgrade for my point-and-shoot Canon in mid December and I am pretty happy with it so far. It starts immediately and it is extremely light which was important to me. It fits in a purse! (but make sure you put it in a camera bag first)I ordered it with the free supersaver shipping and it arrived in 3 days via UPS, so that was pretty nice. Overall, high quality pictures and easy to operate. I recommend it.
camera|This camera is built for the beginner to moderate photographer. The camera is light weight compared to other Nikon DSLR's, while at the same time providing the Nikon signature lens and operating system. The only problem I had was when you want to tak action shots, compared to some of the other models (D80) it does have a slight delay, and it also requires a corded remote. Other than that it is a great investment!!!
camera|I'm new in the photo word, however this camera have all the tools and properties for start to learn how to take pictures and the most important is that you can make HD videos at the same time and do not need spend your money in a HD video camera.
camera|I have only owned Canon cameras up until this point and I love my Nikon! I just use the camera for family photos and some sports events and it takes fabulous, professional-looking photos. It's fairly easy to use but I recommend buying (or if your camera comes with it) the instructional DVD to get started and to know what all the cool features are all about. I bought a tripod for my camera as well, which I recommend. My two complaints are: the lens cap does not have a strap to stay on the camera..I find myself leaving it all around the house. I think I may lose it soon, but I hope not. Secondly, the flash that comes standard with the camera is REALLY bright in a dark room, almost blinding if you're trying to take someone's picture. The flash doesn't seem high enough on the camera to not put a shadow into your picture. You can buy other flashes, which I may look into if I can't figure out how to rid the unnecessary shadow in my flash-needed pictures.
camera|As a painter and non-photographer-turned-conceptual-artist who always carries cameras (as replacements for sketchbooks) with him on his walk-abouts in town and country, the Nikon D3100, is one of the best cameras in its weight and ease-of-use class that I have in my 63 years as a professional artist ever had.
camera|Purchased item as a gift, the persons who received it love it and use it almost everytime they go out. Best camera they ever owned.
camera|I am not professional photographer. Before buying this I discussed some of my friends. Almost all suggested to go for Nikon brand. As per my budget, I purchase Nikon D3100 in 2010. I love this camera. Its very easy to handle, has excellent picture quality. I am using this, since last 1 yr, I have not faced any kind of trouble shoot. I would like to recommend this model, for new beginners.
camera|At first I was very skeptical about this camera, but I took the chance to order it and I could not believe how nice the pictures turn out. I loved this camera. I have tried many different camera but this one I like the most. It worth the money spent. Very good product
camera|I bought this camera for my daughter and I to use and the picture quality is great. It is also very ease to use and my daughter has used it a lot more than me and she loves it.
camera|So far, I am quite pleased with this camera. Previously, I've had the Nikon D70, D200 and D90, but I wanted something cheaper, smaller and lighter than those, and this one is a beauty with a lot of value.At first, it seemed really slow compared to my prior DSLRs; there was a long delay before the mirror dropped after each shot. It turned out the "Quiet" mode I had selected really slows things down without much benefit, so I went back to standard single-shot mode. Flashes also seemed slow, but that turned out to be mainly the red-eye feature.The Live View is OK for occasional use, where you can compose a shot with the display instead of the viewfinder. The optical viewfinder is big and good enough for my liking, and the display is very large. Probably bigger than my D200's.The camera is very small and light, so much so that I think the kit lens is heavier than the camera. I could use a faster lens (this one opens up to only 3.5 or so) but otherwise I'm pretty darn happy with it. On the horizon are a macro lens that's sold as a sort of contact lens ($60 or so), maybe a bean-bag or flexy arm mount, and I already bought a 16-gig card, a corded remote (cordless isn't compatible) and a simple neoprene bag/cover.Thinking I might stick tiny rubber feet onto the base to protect it from scratches.Very happy overall!
camera|Nikon Makes great products this one is no exception. It is however very light and kind of delicate feeling. I also have a D90 which has a sturdier feel.
camera|This is the best camera I have ever owned! The pictures are amazing quality. Its not so overly complicated thats its not worth the effort of figuring it out. Took a few pictures with it yesterday just trying to get the feel of it and those are the best pictures I have ever taken. I can wait for football season to try it then!! Would recommend this to everyone!!
camera|I bought this camera basically because I was tired of the landscape pictures taken by a point shoot camera.There are a lot many point shoot cameras which take awsome picture but the problem with them is that you cannot specifically choose a subject to focus on in the pic.Heres where SLR cameras are really good , and this being my first SLR I am totally satisfied by D3100.Although I have a simple suggestion if you are buying this camera please make sure you buy a high focus lense such as the 55-200 mm nikkor .the 18 - 55 mm lense isnt enough to shoot gr8 pics.
camera|It is a great camera. I do not have any complains and If it is Nikon, you should always buy it
camera|The quality is good, expected from Nikon. Only thing I didn't know until i got it was that you have to buy a memory card separately. Definitely worth it.
camera|This camera is good enough to take familiar pictures with a good nice quality, its also a great camera if you want to start learning photography. The lens is not so big but the price is good enough,Amazon did a good job on the fast delivering
camera|I don't want to repeat same words written by a number of users. It's amazing product. It may be entry level DSLR but good start for a new photographer like me.
camera|This dslr is the one to start with. Don't go with canon, its overpriced and the rebel line is quite poor. I had a t2i and the lenses just fell off
camera|I had a hard time deciding on what SLR to purchase to replace an 8 year old Fuji I had before. I LOVE this camera, my husband is a little jealous cause I can't put it down. But it's fit every need I and all the settings I've had to work in.I feel like i'm in a whole new world and it's great
camera|This was my DREAM camera!! I was so tired to using those small cameras that take 10 seconds to take a picture. My kids move WAY too fast for that!! I was always missing the perfect shots of my kids. NOT ANYMORE!!! The option on this phone for fast continuos photo shots is amazing!! I have been using for one week and have some great pictures of awesome faces and actions that my kids do. It will definetly get alot of use in my house!! My next step is to buy a book about this camera so I can use all of the functions. I'm not an experienced photographer, just a mommy that wants to take great photos!!
camera|moderna, c&oacute;moda, justo lo que necesitaba para que aprenda fotografia, solo debo comprarle algun filtro, y algun lente mas chico par atransportar.
camera|there is a scratch on the lens but it is the size of a spec of dust so i am not too concerned.was missing one of two viewfinder covers according to package list, but again, i'm not concerned. i never would have noticed it was missing if it were not for the package list. i dont even know if i would use it if it were not missing.i'm upgrading from a kodac easy share z5010 and the picture quality is what i am looking for.i'm very pleased for the price i paid.
camera|Great price quality ratio! Got it for my wife and we're pleasantly surprised. Surpassed our expectations. One of the best purchases we've ever made.
camera|We needed a digital camera to replace our Nikon film cameras and after some research and reading reviews I saw that this one had great reviews and less issues. It takes very clear, well lit photo's. Our lenses from our other Nikon film camera's fit which is why we wanted another Nikon and though they don't work with the auto setting they still work to take pictures and I dno't mind manually adjusting the lenses until we can afford to buy new ones that work with auto. But so far it works really well! I haven't printed any photo's off yet but will. I didn't download the software either-I was able to hook it up to my computer with the camera cord and the pictures downloaded anyway.
camera|Excelente vendedor recomendado al cien porciento. Excelente equipo y excelentes precios recomiendo al 100 % sin mas que agregar. ...
camera|This camera takes better pictures then I have ever seen from any standard digital camera or phone camera. It's better then a simple point and shoot, handles low light and movement much better then other cameras. The level of detail on close ups is amazing.I would recommend it for a starting amateur photographer to get them started with DSLR's or someone who wants a little closer to professional level pictures but is new to higher end cameras.
camera|i love this camera. not too pricey, but shoots HD video and great photos. don't particularly like the kit lens, but it came with the camera. in a few months i'll upgrade to better lenses.
camera|I love this camera. I am new to digital but not to photography. This is a great inexpensive choice, I did not even need to read the directions. It is easy to use and to transfer the pictures, and they turn out crisp and wonderful. I love this camera, and am very happy with my choice.
camera|I have Canon Sure shots, several types of higher-end Lumix Series, Sonys, Minoltas, and other Nikons, Fs to coolpix. This is a great D-SLR camera. Oversized fingers wont mistakenly press the wrong button in the middle of a shot. Holding it is very comfortable to hold, and offers a good grip. It has a solid feel in comparison to several other similarly priced cameras. The rubber is durable and the camera is forgiving, it will take the occasional bump and grind of constant use. You wont have to baby this camera.The smaller 18mm viewfinder Diopter Adjustment screen is really clear and actually usable unlike other cameras in the same category, that still offer this feature. I was surprised. This is a great feature you dont realize you miss until it is gone. The 3 inch monitor is super bright and clear, bright enough for over the head shots at concerts (doesn't have the over the head light correction as other models, but not really an issue). Display options are helpful, and not all that different from traditional Nikons. Tutorial is helpful for new D-SLR shooters. Great D-SLR entry camera for serious students, enthusiasts and point and shoot up-graders. Battery is sufficient. I had a Nikon GPS model that was horrible with batteries. This is a great camera and will upgrade with you over time.
camera|Product arrived promptly, I have found no dislikes thus far, I am learning the functioning of the camera and really like theHelp button. I need all the help I can get when it comes to really knowing how to take good pictures.The camera takes very nice pictures. and I am sure when I get some Photography classes that it will even take better pictures.I am looking forward, to be able to use More of the features beside just the point and shoot, and picking up more of the lenses for it.The camera is lightweight and I am completely satisfied with this produce
camera|I have owned various point and shoot and bridge cameras, but they kept letting me down in various ways and I kept considering making the move to a DSLR. The question for me was always should I get a Canon or a Nikon? Previously I'd always been a Canon girl, but the Nikon DSLR always intrigued me. So one day I went into a camera shop and physically held various Canon and Nikon DSLR cameras. I was sold then, the Nikon won. I just loved the grip and the way it felt in my hand.I have not regretted my decision at all, I love my camera. It is reliable and it's so easy to shoot gorgeous pictures with it. Right out of the box I was able to easily take great looking shots.This is a great first DSLR, it doesn't take any skill to start using it, and with just a bit of research you can start doing more impressive things with the more hands on modes.If you enjoy taking pictures and don't mind the size of a camera like this, go ahead and get yourself one. Nothing compares to a DSLR, and Nikon sure makes a great one.
camera|great for portraits and family gatherings. Also for traveling due to the quick acting shutter ..action and moment shots possible. My daughters both have one and recommended it.
camera|Admittedly, after a year with the Nikon D3100, I still haven't taken it out of Auto to try the manual settings, but I still love the camera. It has a great weight, it takes beautiful pictures, and I feel I got my monies worth. I'm sure it's very easy to use in manual, but I haven't taken the time to learn how to use it. Someday, I will!
camera|For me this one wins the battle for choice with Canon-(smile) This has a great feel in the hand when shooting and has a very intuitive display for functions - i still have a long way to go to experience all it can do- This is my first SLR- I have not used the video function yet -outside of just sampling it- But i would recommend this purchase for those looking to be introduced to photography at this level and to go beyond &#34;Point and Shoot&#34;.
camera|it's a good camera but i don't like that it doesn't show the best pictures that this camera can take
camera|PROS:It's a good photo camera and takes great low light photos without a flash.Has lots of manual controls easily accessable with buttons and knobs rather than menu driven choices.CONS:It's big and heavy. If you are use to a SLR then perhaps this doesn't matter to you. But if you are like me, wanting a better digital camera with good low light capabilities, you'll be shocked at the size and bulk.I don't like that you have to flip a switch to get to the screen to take pictures. I'm use to using a screen as a viewfinder and like it better because it works better with glasses than having to look into a little view finder.It does not focus as well in the screen viewfinder mode as it does when you use the built in viewfind. I've tried comparing the two in numerous lighting situations and get similar results but is worse in low light settings.It is noisy as the mirror flips around. Again SLR people will not notice this but I do and this makes it difficult to be discreet at a concert or somewhere that is very quite when taking the photo.A real big show stopper for me was the fact that it does not do 30 frames per second in the video mode at 1080p resulution. It only does 24 FPS. You have to drop down to 720p to get 30 FPS. This is unacceptable to me as to why a camera loaded with this much technology cannot do at least 30 FPS at 1080p.This was a christmas gift and I liked playing with the camera for a couple of weeks to evaluate it. Like I said it's a good camera for SLR people wanting to switch from film to digital and you don't mind shooting videos at 720 p, but it's going back. I plan on purchasing the Sony NEX-5R with a pancake lense in it's place. It will cost a couple hundred more but do exactly what I want it to do at less than half the weight and bulk.
camera|it is advanced enough to take great photo's but easy enough that my wife can use it to take herfamily photos
camera|good easy to use camera, my old N70 lens work with manual focus. aaa aaa aaa aas aaa aaa aaa
camera|i like it.... it's very complete.... i never found a camara like this...... ia m too happy with this purchase
camera|It's simply amazing at this price, meets all expectation. It is best for general family usage and outdoor as well.
camera|After years of non-digital photography I bought an inexpensive digital. It worked fine but I was never completely satisfied with its performance. I'm so glad I decided to get this Nikon. Its giving me everything I missed with non-digital except the wait to see my results.
camera|camera recommended by friend. Found it to be easy to use with lots of bells and whistles. very pleased with camera. great pictures.
camera|Excellent quality! Is perfect for a beginner camera user and for easy utilization! Good zoom and other things! And the most important, too cheap.
camera|i cant complain for this camera, bought it for my cousin to be her fist camera. she loves it. i cant say bad things about nikon it rarely fails on camera performance.
camera|One of my best purchases. I have had no issues with it and the quality of the pics is awesome. Just recently bought an additional lens.
camera|I got this camera after point and shoot, there is big diferent of quality of pictures, love this camera. Takes perfekt pictures every time.
camera|Best camera for the price. I have this camera, and I bought this one for my sister. She loves it too!
camera|ES REALMENTE MAGNIFICA AUNQEU SOY NOVATA EN ESTO DE LA FOTOGRAFIA ESTA CAMA SOBREPASA MIS EXPECTATIVAS ,,,, GENIAL . .
camera|I don't know why they call it basic. It takes great pictures. Also you may want to know that in auto it captures at a higher resolution. I just a beginner, but try it yourself. Auto is not bag even though every says stay in manual.
camera|I love my new Nikon D3100...it does an outstanding job of keeping up with all the photos I take and does it so well. Its a joy to use and I'm looking forward to many photos for my church during the Christmas season!
camera|I LOVE NIKON PRODUCTS THIS Nikon D3100 14.2MP Digital SLR Camera with 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 AF-S DX VR Nikkor Zoom Lens,by NikonI HAVE NEVER USED IT BUT A FRIEND OF MY TESTED AND LOVED IT.
camera|This is a great buy. If you are in the market for digital SLR, don't look any further. For the price it doesn't get any better. I'm glad I made a decision to buy this camera.
camera|Haven't had so much fun with a camera in years ! This model has something for everyone. You can exert as much control over it as you want -- from completely automatic to full control. I'm learning something new every time I use it, but have still been able to take great shots.
camera|Awesome product.... had other brands... but Nikon is always the best so far in ease, quality and simplicity. I especially like the continuous action shots without shutter lag. Now you can see the frame by frame action and analyze your movements. Also catch the moment of impact if the lighting conditions are right. So far the best for the price.....
camera|This is an awesome camera. Has been far better than I had thought. Very light weight. My only concern is that I have not been able to determine the avaliabity of the wireless remote.
camera|The only reason that this got a 4-STAR was because of the Nikon D3100's inability to work with Nikon ML3 wireless remote. Considering that D3000 supported this, it was an automatic assumption that D3100 would also support it, but alas... it doesn't. However, one can attach a third party wireless device through another port (forgot it's name).Excellent Picture quality... HD Video could have been slightly better, but at this price, it is a steal especially around Christmas/New Year/Valentine's day...I got Nikon D-3100 with starter kit + 32 GB class 10 SDHC card + Nikon 18-55mm VR and 55-200mm VR at around 750$ which is a steal!!!
camera|I am very happy with this camera. It is very user friendly, the pics are sharp and clear. I have no photography experience at all. My main reason for buying it was to take nice pics of my boys wrestling. I also bought the 55-200 mm zoom lens. I am pleased with that as well.
camera|This camera has given me professional quality photos that I have been able to use for Christmas cards, family portraits, and just all round great photos for our albums. The auto setting does a great job putting together the right settings, and if you know what you are doing, you can take some really amazing photos with this camera by adjusting the settings. The 1080 HD video is phenomenal. This makes all my pictures and videos look professional. What is really amazing is looking at two photos next to each other, one from a really high end point and shoot camera and one from the Nikon 3100. Even though the one from the high end point and shoot looks really good, there is no comparison next to the photo from the Nikon 3100. The camera takes continual photos at a really great rate. 3 pictures per second may not be as high as some other model DSLR's, but I use it to take pictures of my daughter when she is playing and running around and it is fast enough. I just hold it down for a few seconds and snap about 20 or 30 pictures in a few seconds, and a couple of them will always catch her at just the right moment making the perfect expression when she is moving. The point and shoot we used to use was really nice, but it we kept missing out on great pictures of her doing really cute stuff, because it just wasn't as fast as the Nikon 3100. This camera is great!
camera|I took this Nikon D3100 camera with me on some outdoor trip and found this a great camera to have and I have no regret of buying it. I am amateur photographer, so this camera is perfect for me. I can control the width of field and focus either manually or automatically depending on situation. Pictures came out much better than I expected.
camera|This is a great camera for someone starting out in the world of DSLR photography. I've always used a point and shoot, and finally took the step into this type of photography. I did A LOT of research prior to the purchase of this camera, and had it narrowed down to the two major brands... In the end, Nikon won, based on other reviews and friends who are long time fans of the brand. Also, I've heard positive things about their customer service, although I have not experienced this first hand. I'm still learning how to use all the features, but so far, I love it! Highly recommend this for a first-timer, there are so very easy auto modes where it works as a point and shoot, so you can still use it while you're learning how to use all of its great features.
camera|At this price, with this feature set, this camera is hard to beat. I bought this as my first DSLR, so I wanted something inexpensive since I had no idea what I was getting into. I have a lot of friends that shoot with Nikon, so I felt comfortable buying the D3100 since I had a lot of experience to rely on. I have not been disappointed! The D3100 is so feature-packed that it's hard to understand why anyone would buy the more expensive non-FX Nikon models.If you want to go and spend a lot more money, feel free, but buying a more expensive camera isn't going to make for better photos. Save your money and buy a D3100, you won't be disappointed.
camera|Incredible camera, it is worth the investment, I recommend this camera for everything. Very LIGHT compare to others. Got this camera for my trip and once I upload the photos in my computer I was shocked with the quality of the images. Very easy to use and friendly.
camera|It is EXACTLY what I was looking for. A Very Good camera for the price. Don't worry to much about the zoom lens being small, the onboard software allows you to zoom in and make great, clear, close ups of what you want. I have had a Cannon Cyber Shot for the past few years and this is like stepping out of a old car and rolling off the lot with the BEST I could afford. There are more expensive and no doubt nicer cameras out there, but for the price and what it will do. DANG !!!!! I Got My Monies Worth. Only draw back and I am not sure as to why yet, it will only take ten minutes of video at a time. But hey, I can use my video camera for anything longer than that, and I purchased it to allow me to use lenses that I already had. Recomend getting the 4GB Class 10 memory card. It allows for the sport action shots I was looking for. All in all, I would recomend this camera to any and all who don't have the money to purchase a high end DSLR, but want wonderfull DSLR pictures.
camera|Went from an Olympus Evolt 500 to this camera. Its lighter and takes better pictures, especially in low light conditions. the evolt was decent in bright light but failed miserably in low light/indoors. The focus motor constantly trying to focus and the focus assist light constantly flashing. Extremely annoying. I could not be happier with this purchase. Picked up an extra lens with discount for the cam/lens combo deal. Thanks amazon I love you! LOL
camera|I bought this camera and 2 lens(50mm 1.8g and 50-200mm) instead of D5100 because of my limited budget. I wish this camera have infrared remote receiver and the LCD that D5100 have.Overall it is a very good camera for a beginner like me. Hope this review help(first review ever)!!!
camera|I bought this camera for use in a light aircraft (Cessna) - the low camera weight and low cost were ideal for our purposes. We are attaching the cameras to the windows to look out perpendicularly using a suction mound (Panavise 809 Camera Window Suction-Cup Mount) and with a 35mm lens (Nikon 35mm f/1.8G AF-S DX Lens for Nikon Digital SLR Cameras).The picture quality is excellent, especially at high ISO - even 1600 ISO gives good image quality, though noise is noticable.The only things I miss are some of the advanced functions (e.g. multiple exposure time lapse).
camera|I have used Sony, Canon and Nikon DSLRs.This is arguably the best camera.- I am very sensitive to low light noise and ISO performance. With this camera, for the first time, I am confident that I can take usable photographs at any time (at night with a lamp nearby).- The colors depth and picture quality is superb.- The kitlens 18-55 is a very good lens. It is quite sharp at 35mm,F3.5.I used to have a 18-70 Sony kitlens which was so terrible that it made me hate Sony system (distortion, sharpness). 1 year later I found it has been the 18-70 kitlens, not the camera.The crop factor of 1.5 provides a bit wider view than a same lens on Canon cameras (with a crop factor of 1.6). So the wide shots on this lens are very good.In general, this camera is a precision photo capturing equipment.I may upgrade to 5100 a year later (for even better ISO performance and more usable pixels) but this camera is enough even for a professional.- The new 50mm-F1.8 lens is a good alternative (more sharper but fixed focal point and view) for the 1855 kitlens. But I would add it to the kitlens for portrait photography and even general situations. It provides even more sharpness.
camera|Me and my wife had finally decided to upgrade my old point and shoot to DSLR and with great combo deal on camera and lenses I couldn't resist. Since this is my first DSLR. I wouldn't know where to compare with other DSLRs but the quality really is night and day from my old point and shoot cameras. Me and my wife are happy with the purchase and the Camera.
camera|My First DSLR camera purchased, i liked it so much, great value and great image quality, unfortunately I have returned it in favor for Nikon D5100 superior low light excellent image quality and loving it more..using Nikon 35mm 1.8G AF-S ( same 1600 ISO and shutter, Aperture etc, Just me, worth every penny IMHO.
camera|Really i been surprised by the great abilittyIn this nikonCameraThanks for the hands that priduced it
camera|This is my first DSLR. It was purchased for a trip where there would be a lot of opportunity for taking pictures. The camerrqa met all my expectations. Being new to DSLR's I sometimes was frustrated when things settings changed and I had no idea what I'd done. However, that's more operator error than Nikon's fault. I love the fact that you can shoot bursts of pictures. That helped tremendously in a number of situations. The weight of the camera and lens is just so light to me that I hardly knew if I had it around my neck (and that is also true with the 55-300 zoom that I used much of the time. I also bought class 10 SDHC cards. That helps a lot when doing bursts as they load on to the card much more efficiently.the only thing i wished i done is shot in raw. But i was afraid I wouldn't have enough room for all the pictures I took. I like the fact that you can shoot in Raw or Jpeg or both. In the future I'll probably switch from just Jpeg to both. But even shooting Jpeg the image quality is great. The camera is quiet (important when shooting wildlife) and the focus is quick. Occasionally I'd have an issue with the autofocus in low light but it's easy to switch too manual and still get excellent shots.For the amateur photographer who wants a simple to use, lightweight, high picture quality camera you can't go wrong with the Nikon D3100. And consider getting the D3100 for Dummies book. It's a great help for beginning DSLR users.
camera|I bought this camera for my friendThe packaging was excellent & The content were all included in the boxI do recommend this camera for people searching for a quality camera with a good priceThanks Amazon
camera|I have owned Nikon SLR cameras since the early 70's and this camera continues to follow their tradition of quality cameras for a great price. While I have only owed this camera for a week every thing I have used it to take pictures of have been outstanding.
camera|LOVE this camera!! I'm a newbie to the world of DSLR's so I have a lot to learn but so far it is easy to use and not as heavy as I expected it to be.
camera|This camera is everything that they say it is. I am finding it to be easy to use; the instruction are straightforward, thus easy to follow and the pictures look great!
camera|With our first baby on the way I knew that I was going to want to upgrade to a DSLR camera but felt overwhelmed by all the choices. I researched options extensively and settled on the Nikon D3100. The features, price, and functionality make it the perfect first DSLR camera. While it is a bit overwhelming when you first get it out of the box, I found with just a bit of research I am now navigating the options and taking great pictures with just a bit of knowledge. I am very satisfied with this camera and highly recommend it.
camera|So what can I say? I love this camera you will not be able to find a camera better fot such money. The picture is great, video is also ok(sound of auto-focus is bad), but it's not video-camera. The biggest minus - LCD display :( You should to zoom you picture to see what you pictured. I higly recomed this camera for everobody even you are mature photograph.
camera|this is the second dslr camera i have owned and the fourth digital..i was a hard core film person who had to be given a digital camera in order to make the conversion.i've noticed that all these dslr cameras all look the same and basically work the same. the menu for the d3100 and the d40x is about the same along with the functions the difference is the wording but to me that a good thing in that one has a sense of familiarity and you are not always going after the manual.not being a real techno person i go by is it dumb down enough and still sophistacated enough for my needs which it seems to be. the 18-55mm lens is smooth and sharp the range is nice but leaves you with no option but to carry a larger lens.one draw back for me is this being my second nikon dslr i encountered the same problem again the shutter position stops working on the command dial which doesn't stop the other functions but takes away ones ability to manully do shutter speed and aperture settings.don't know if this is a nikon camera problem or i have just been unlucky. if you are a college student or a semi-serious amatuer i would think this camera would be a good value for the price
camera|I am happy to say that this camera appears to be a good piece of equiptment,it seems to offer ease of use and state of the art hardware and software. I think it's probably a good camera package for the price.
camera|This is the camera for my wife. I sold her D3000 and got an D3100 for her. I am a canon 5DMKII user.What's cool in D3100 ?Autofocus lot beter than 5DMKIIHigh ISO image quality is excellent, D3000 was bad.It's light weightI think it's best entry level camera.Nice videoWhat's not cool?No remote sensorISO settings is through Menu.
camera|The Camera performs exactly as advertiesed taking fantastic pictures and a full 1080 video. The sound works well, but be advised, if you are using the auto-zoom when in camera mode, you will hear the servo motors focusing the lens's. The microphone is that sensative.I would buy again.
camera|I bought this camera due to the high customer ratings, and because in theory it claimed to be able to do what I wanted to do with it. Which would be to take high quality pictures when hiking (it does) and getting fast moving pictures (it does not). Turns out you can only get instant (no delay) when it's on the view finder (eye right to the camera). I am NOT happy with this expensive camera. Not at all. Wish I spent my money on another cannon. I gave it 3 stars because I see this camera as adequate. It's ok, will do the job, but not great.
camera|Low points:Lens has plastic mount.Unable to focus a lot of time.Shutter does not create unique sound, there are several clicking sounds heard, hence does not have audible feedback on when the shutter actually activated.Does not come with any USB or video cables. You have to buy separately.High points:Cheap, light, better pictures than smaller point and shoot cameras.
camera|As a beginner DSLR, this camera definitely takes a good quality image with strong colors, and is quite affordable. If it's your first SLR, it is a great introduction.I began with Nikon's D40 and moved to this when the size limitations of a 6 MP image became a hindrance to my expanding photography (and print) interests. Given that this model is newer by several years, I expected improvements across the board, but this was not the case.Things I was surprised to see lacking in the features list:Bracketing--an easy feature to implement, not included on this cameraVideography--now becoming a standard on SLR still cameras, this one supports full 1080p video, but only for 10 minute clips. 10 minutes is plenty of time for taking a quick video at a family gathering or vacation, but the limit gets in the way of experimenting with more serious work. The limitation is silly, and removes this camera from practical commercial use.Remote camera control--not the rf trigger; it supports that. I mean shooting tethered for things like stop-motion photography work. Every single Nikon SLR camera (including the old D40) supports this feature, except the D3000 and D3100.Things I was unpleasantly surprised by when shooting:The Auto mode on this camera does not perform as well as the old D40. I found that photos taken on auto were very frequently less saturated and closer to blown out or plugged than I am accustomed to. Setting the camera manually gave me great results.The camera's choice in ISO is ludicrous. Outdoors, noontime, in full sunlight, at 55mm, F5.6, the camera handed me ISO 2200. It very consistently strove to ramp up the ISO to unnecessary levels, favoring sensitivity over shutter speed.The noise. Partly because of the tendency to bump the ISO higher, but in general, I found that every one of the thousands of frames I've shot so far in *every* lighting condition, has a lot of noise. Perhaps this is a product of the 14 MP sensor, compared to the 6 I am used to...but it is a severe chore to set everything manually every frame or clean up all of the noise in post. (Noise reduction has been turned on throughout)So, to sum up: The D3100 has all of the basic SLR functions, none of the advanced ones, creates bland looking photos 70% of the time on auto, and is capable of taking great looking pictures but is noisy. If you're looking for a first SLR camera, the price is right, and it's definitely a camera that can be reasoned with. But as an upgrade to a camera that did everything well but was showing its age? Not an adequate replacement.
camera|I have a Nikon d40 and I'm very happy I wanted to upgrade and did to the D3100 it's not much difference but happy with product and shipping time and came Very fast!
camera|I use it every single day since i bought it 2 years ago, really worth every penny! I love Nikon.
camera|I got this Nikon D3100, camera after reading several reviews. One review stood out the most, with his quite through explanation of the cameras Pros,& Cons,& summing-up with, &#34;This is a great camera for the person who wants quality pictures, but does not have a lot of experience&#34;. It was a gift for my wife,& she loves it. She finds it easy to use, with enough options to be more creative, as She learns. The camera is light weight,& not cumbersome. There is a wide variety of lenses available as she get better acquainted with it. I would recommend this camera to anyone that wants quality pictures,& needs a camera that is not going to overwhelm you. Yukon Garry
camera|Great Camera! But Needs Better Glass! I Recommend A 35mm 1.8, Great For Lots Of Things! The Camera Its Self Is Easy To Use, And There Is Always Sites That Are Really Helpful! One Of My Favorites Is FroKnowsPhoto. com Very Very Good Site To Follow!!
camera|This is my first D-SLR (shout out to him for the gift), and I'm glad that it's this one! I love this camera. At first, I thought I would be super intimidated, but it's not bad at all. It's easy to use and fun to play with. I feel kinna dorky, but cool when I'm carrying it around my neck. It does get a little heavy tho, but I'm excited to take it to my Hawaii trip :)
camera|ESTO ES SIMPLE DE DESCRIBIRcomprenla totalmente recomendad, por el precio y la calidad jamas encontraran algo haci.
camera|I think this camera will be great, but the manual is difficult. I had to resort to buying the Dummies book.Also, for the price they should have included the memory card, even if it is the cheapest.I have an older Nikon which I liked so I bought this one after I read the reviews.C. ScottOld Fort NC
camera|I've usually only have had a digital camera (coolpix) but have been wanting to get a really nice one because I love taking pictures! I have been getting the deals emails sent to me and I saw the steal for this camera! I had to get it! And with the free two-day shipping with Prime it was amazingly fast! I love this camera! Everyone who has seen has given great compliments on it. The first weekend I had it I took it to a wedding reception and since the camera's that they had there in the wedding party were all malfunctioning, I offered for them to use mine. They were so grateful to use that camera! And the bride and groom even had the photographer take pictures of just them with it! :) Great buy for my money!
camera|I love the Nikon cameras and was especially excited that I got it at a discounted price. The camera works very good and I would recommend it to anybody looking for a good Nikon camera. Nikon is the best in my opinion!!!!
camera|i have this camera!very good dslr i use it mainly for music videos and videos!you can see my work at youtube.com/titosbgang
camera|All Pros. Only con is noisy Focus Motor nulls Hi def video advantage, aside from the no auto focus motor on body thingie which could have saved users from expensive S version lenses. Just the reason for one star less. Overall I love this toy. Light and versatile.
camera|I'm new to DSLR and heard a lot about this camera. so i decided to purchased this Nikon 3100 and found it to be what they say it was. I was surprised when i opened the packaged and found it to have no cables. Otherwise it it functioned as was stated. One other noticeable flaw is that you have your settings is internal through "i" button.
camera|I had just gotten my D3100 when I took it to an air show. It was remarkable how great the pictures turned out under very difficult shooting conditions typical at an air show. Everything happens so quickly. Under full auto and sport settings, the camera made really great pictures; it froze the action in time and space. I used the 55-200 Nikon VR lens; it captured all the action way up in the sky. I took about 200 pictures; they all came out great, although some shots were better when I anticipated the action and paid particular attention to the area in the sky where the Blue Angles would be. I tried to shoot some video, but unfortunately could not figure out how to do it; left manual home.
camera|Camera came just as advertised, and it came quickly, only a couple of days. Was packaged well, I would order from this company again. Thanks.
camera|Good camera to start in the dslr line. I have used point and shoot before.This is my first experience with a dslr. This camera is easy to operate for a beginner,kudos to Nikon for offering such a camera at such a good price.One expectation from Amazon would be they should give one or two day free shipping when purchasinghigh range products from their site.
camera|I'm a high school student, and this is my first DSLR.I think that for what you get, the price is awesome. Photo quality is great, and it has a guide mode to help out in any situation..BUT, do not consider this camera is you are looking for something professional. It lacks two major things : Bracketing , and a possibility to add a wireless remote, which are not essential, but surely important.If you are ok with that, this camera is great.If I had to go back, I would definitely buy it again.
camera|Great camera. I am new to using SLR cameras and this has all the right features plus gives you easy access to the settings. I do lots of motorcycle riding so it's compact size is great for taking on the motorcycle.
camera|this is my first DSLR Camera Nikon D3100. I almost know nothing about DSLR Camera. before I bought my D3100, I read all reviews here. these reviews are very helpful. I also bought the 35mm f1.8 lens, because many people recommend it. I have to say I made a right choice. so far I love my D3100. the pictures are so nice and sharp!!! and little by little I learned how to take nice photos and use this DSLR Camera, I think my money is worth.I have no professional words on it, all I can say is: I love my Nikon D3100!!!
camera|I LOVE this camera. I'm so happy with it. I know a little about SLR's but I still have a lot to learn to keep it off 'auto' and in manual. So the guide is very helpful. It takes BEAUTIFUL pictures, it's light, super fast, and it's a good fit in my hands. The 14MP is awesome- you can crop and blow up a picture without making it too grainy.The video is so-so. I love that it has that feature but I didn't buy it because of it. The focusing is loud.Live view is also cool to have- but you'll find yourself wanting to use the viewfinder because it's faster and more accurate.A great introductory price for all of it's features!
camera|I am very happy with this camera Nikon D-3100.15 years ago I had another Nikon, it was perfect.Take photos at weddings ..... BAPTISMS and marriages.Something about this and I can assure you, it's worth ...I recommend this camera.Maybe I should wait for the D7000.But this satisfies me well.I have taken over 3000 photos since he came into my hands.I used the 50mm lens, 18-55 and 55-200 and all I have worked to perfection.This Friday I plan to do videos in HD ...... tell you about later. Thanks.
camera|I love this camera its so easy to use. Nikon has really got it right with this camera. WIth the 1080 HD video to the 14.2 MP this should be your first pick if you have never bought a DSLR camera before and has specs of a camera that pros use to. What I love about this camera the most is the guide and how it shows you examples of photos to teach you all the settings why buy a DSLR and not get the full use of it? With this DSLR its like you get your own professional photographer that comes with it to help you take the photos. In less then 3 days of shooting you will be very familiar with the camera and it fits in one hand and it is the lightest DSLR selling right now.
camera|I bought this d3100 body + kit lens one year ago, since I got it, I've been learning a lot about photography and I never felt limited by this body. I couldn't really understand why I would *need* more. After I bought the awesome Nikkor 35mm f1.8 prime lens I really knew that this was the best camera to get into photography.If you buy this however, you will eventually face two problems. The first, you have to buy new lenses, this is a dSLR and if you want to make it up for the price, the size and the weight, you have to find lenses that will make the difference. I'm talking about the difference between an entry-level dSLR and a bridge or even a Lumix with their nice leica lens and manual controls. This comes at an additional cost, you have to carry and pay the new lenses, the more you get into photography, the more you realize you NEED things like a new bag, a tripod, an external flash, etc. And we arrive to our second problem; At that moment, you will feel that you NEED this new Full Frame dSLR (in my case the d800), and you will find yourself stuck with incompatible lenses and a huge amount of money wasted.So, I feel that the more money I invest while sticking with the d3100, the more I waste money.Entry level dSLR are very limited:- In manual controls: fewer manual switches. This is not a problem for me as I find the software very handy.- In quality lenses: go for a prime or find out most lenses have serious flaws or are as expensive as a Full Frame dSLR- In response time: burst speed, shutter delay- In image quality: cropped sensorMoreover, they are quite bulky.The best camera is the one you always have on you. I would go back and buy a compact camera if I could, some models present the same controls as dSLR and are really impressive. I think the best option would be to have a really performant point and shoot, learn with it, and then buy a FX to really enjoy photography at the highest level.I took several good pictures with it last year, many critics (on /p/ board) praised me for some technical wise shot while acknowledging that DX are really bad. I could indeed see, with time, that a lot of pictures could be stunning, and after looking a while I saw that Full Frame dSLR can give me that. The same way as I thought any dSLR could give me a professional image quality over any point and shoot.To summarize, this is overpriced for a camera, buy a point and shoot to begin, you can learn as much on some of them and get amazing quality. The screen is really bad, it's really depressing to see that the quality of my photos look terrible on the screen compared to, say, the last coolpix from Nikon. If you think dSLR are just better, you are wrong, it just gives you the possibility of changing lenses and if you really want amazing capabilities, an entry-level like the d3100 will not give you anything like that.Now, if you reached this point and still feel the d3100 might be good for you, you should get it. The sensor might be important, and on a DX you will not get anymore quality as on the latest mirror-less camera. But the lens makes all the difference, if you are ready to invest in a few lenses and strongly feel you won't go the FX way that soon. I cannot but recommend getting this camera. It is very cheap for what it is, awesome lenses are available that will amaze you when looking at the resulting pictures. I did some comparison tests when I got my new lens, it really is like day and night, the kit lens should be viewed as a cheap versatile lens that lets you experiment and find out what you really want to do. Sports ? Buy a fast lens. Wild life ? Buy a long focal length lens. Portraits ? Wide aperture and a focal length slightly above the normal range. Etc. And in every category, the results will amaze you. THIS is the whole point of getting the d3100. Enjoying technical photography, understanding your hardware and produce amzing results.With a point and shoot you won't get that, it's just not specific enough and customizable enough. Sure a dSLR is huge, but the d3100 is quite light compared to other DX available on the market.If you cannot afford a FX camera or don't ever want to invest thousands of dollars in photography lenses and gears, I can't recommend more the d3100. If you ever find yourself sticking to this camera, get a point and shoot that you always carry with you as well, this is not an everyday camera at all. You will have to learn a lot about lenses and the technical aspect of photography, else you are a hipster looking to show off with an overpriced piece of gear that you don't understand and I'd strongly suggest you don't waste your money on it.This review is messed up, I just wrote it one shot and I don't expect people to like it, however I hope it will help people who are new to photography understand what dSLR are really about and if they really should get one because they saw the advertisement on TV.
camera|I have some experience working with SLR cameras and this was my first DSLR. My first SLR was Nikon and I am pretty faithful to this brand. I have loved every Nikon I've ever owned. However, at this point in my life, most of the photos I'm taking are inside and of my kids (who don't always hold a pose for very long). I had a TERRIBLE time getting the autofocus to work with inside lighting. It had to be very bright in order for the camera to focus at all. I lost so many photos because the camera would look like it was going to focus and as I pushed the shutter button, it completely went blurry. Most of the time, I switched to manual focus or starting using my smart phone which takes much better pictures of daily moments than the d3100. Also, the amount of zoom that comes with the standard lens is quite disappointing. I ended up returning the d3100 and just bought the Nikon coolpix p510. It focuses beautifully inside on moving children and the zoom is so much better. If you are not going to be taking professional photos with professional lighting please do not consider the d3100 - save some money and be much happier with the coolpix p510.
camera|This is my 1st DSLR and I'm in love. Light weight, simple if you want quick snaps, versatile if you want specially composed shots. One of the first pictures I took with it (of my grandson) has become a favorite of my entire extended family. Highly recommended.ps: I got tired of waiting for Amazon and canceled my order because Best Buy stores had it in stock. I am seriously disappointed in Amazon's inability to deliver this item when other vendors could.
camera|i've never had a camera like this one its all that you can imagine if you are a beginner photographer....i hope this helps for all new entusiastic garage photographers
camera|We made a great purchase, the camera works perfectly well!!An excellent gift for someone who is starting on the professional journey of taking photos.
camera|This is my first dSLR camera. So far the picture quality is amazing. Haven't played around with it much, but will do a repost once have explored all features.
camera|This is my first DSLR camera. I am sure there are already a lot of reviews out there pointing out how well this camera take pictures with little knowledge about DSLR which i completely agree. Guide modes are also helpful to start right away taking pictures of flowing water, night portrait, moving objects, etc. Once I have learned what kind of settings are needed, i change from guide mode to aperture or shutter priority mode.Pictures are nice and sharp per my standard. I have taken couple of pictures with blur background effect and at low lights. I am satisfied with the results.Only few things missing for me. They are:1)no wireless remote shutter release capability.2)no bracketing.Overall, I would definitely recommend this DSLR.
camera|I am so disappointed in this camera. Perhaps I just don't know how to use it correctly but I am disappointed that even on Auto, I can't get good photos. I am very much an amateur but desperately want to be able to take beautiful photos of my kids. I thought purchasing this expensive camera would get me at least some decent shots on Auto. I get the same poor quality photos that I used to get on my cheap Sony camera. Yes, I need to learn how to use this camera properly but I expected MUCH better results that I am receiving even at less than perfect adjustments. I have read the manual, watched YouTube videos and played around with different settings but still get poor results (too dark, out of focus, etc). And the zoom in distance is awful. My cheap Sony zoomed in WAY more than this camera...the zoom is almost a joke. I guess I have to spend $150 MORE to get more zoom. I feel more than defeated by this camera.
camera|Nothing beats D3100's image quality and features at this price.If you use point & shoot and are thinking of starting with a DSLR then this is a right choice.35mm f1.8 lens is a really good companion for everyday shooting. It is awesome for low light shooting with D3100.
camera|Before this camera, I used a Nikon Coolpix L1 and was not serious about Photography. As I decided to venture into photography, I started looking for newly launched cameras in 2010 and 2011. I decided to keep the search simple at entry level DSLR as I did not want a complex unit to operate as I learn. I found D3100 a very good option at the time as compared to Canon T2i and D5000.I bought this in Feb-2011 on the President's Day weekend in good sale price. I am thoroughly enjoying this DSLR from Nikon(first one for me). Pictures are neat and clean, ease of use is also simple. Works great with 18-55mm VR. Camera size is not much bulky, though I wish they could have sold this with 18-105mm VR combination like they do in the UK.What I did not like of this camera was the Auto-ISO logic on the Auto option when flash is used. Too much of liberty has been taken away. Viewfinder does not have the ISO reading being in use for the exposure is one thing missing. Viewfinder is easily susceptible to dust particles. Some regular menu options are too much in depth inside and they could have given some rings or options on the body (like D90).What this camera lacks is the drive motor. Hence, collecting lenses is restricted as all AF-S DX lenses are costly.External flash guns available from Nikon or other manufacturer's will not sync above 1/200 or 1/250. This is a drawback to some extent on Nikon entry level DSLR bodies whereas the older D40 did much better with 1/500. The High Speed Sync option is not available in this entry level models.I have'nt used the Guide Mode and wont use as its time consuming and lengthy. Nikon would have been much better by providing some other useful options other than such Guide Mode.I did observe some sharpness issues sometimes, partly because inability to lock focus exactly. Incidentally, the focus selector lock switch is absent on this camera. Higher level Nikon DSLRs like D7000 have the focus selector lock switch.In all, Nikon took away too many "must-haves" of a DSLR in the name of entry level.
camera|This is my first DSLR camera. I have no clue how to use the options in a DSLR but i used the guide mode to take few pictures at home and i think they look awesome. The clarity,lighting,background everything is crystal clear. I think i like it. I strongly recommend it if you have enough budget.Also, i got this from Amazon when the price was 549.. looks like the price is 599 now..There are 2 copper stubs and i am not sure where to put them.. does anybody have an idea???Nikon did not provide a cable but luckily my laptop had a port for the SD card. I bought 8GB transcend card from Amazon too.
camera|I saw this camera for sale for alot more money in stores. It has great image quality and also video. I highly recommend this camera and purchasing it via Amazon.
camera|I would have given this amazing and very cool Nikon camera 5 stars except for one small (but large to me and probably many others) problem: the 3" LCD screen. Its resolution at 230,000 dots is appalling, unlike the 920,000 dots of the D300's, D90, and D3's, which are super fine! So why did NIKON stick such a lousy LCD view screen on such a fantastic, over the top camera like the D3100? It's a no brainer folks: M-O-N-E-Y! Now even Nikon has no shame, no integrity, no value in maintaining a quality product. Nope, just get the maximum profit you can squeeze from each and every product with the Nikon brand. Should I send it back to AMAZON? Heck yes! Will I send it back? Nope. The rest of the camera is just too darned good to give it up for one lousy little piece of a great product. Maybe if we all sent them a letter they would admit their error and replace the screen with the one this camera deserves while at the same time re-establishing trust with us, the consumer who makes the success of their company possible year after year. Should they do it? Absolutely! Will they do it? Probably not. Oh, well....... just a crazy thought.
camera|I got the d3100 a few days ago and very very nice BUT I am VERY disappointed in a few things...1: Cannot use any REMOTE CONTROL2: Cannot find any settings for GRID in the View Finder no Grid at allBut other then That I am happy with the new 3100
camera|This camera(D3100 with 18 - 55mm and 70 - 300mm)has put the fun back into photography. Shoot the, picture, review, keep or delete, when you get home put it on the computer and enjoy. I use photoshop elements to plAY around the pics. Thanksgiving had the first real try great Pics. even vidio. My wife says I am not getting anything done but shooting pics. Yes. I like taking pics. of people doing something, wildlife, and landscapes.
camera|This DSLR is a good choice for a beginner photographer.Perfect image quality and very portable. However, do not expect much from video.
camera|Bought this camera on Amazon from 3rd party seller, Electronics Expo. Only problem I had was that I paid 20 bucks extra for expedited, 3-day shipping, as I wanted it to arrive in time for an overseas Christmas vacation trip. I was leaving in 6 days, so I figured I would pay extra for the shipping, just to make sure. Well, Electronics Expo didn't get around to shipping it for 3 whole days. I only found this out after I emailed them for a UPS tracking number as they never provided me one initially when I purchased the item. Needless to say, my plane left in the morning and my packaged arrived at my house later that day. So my wife had to wait till we got home from our trip to get her late Christmas present. Other than that, their price was fantastic and the product did arrive in flawless condition--albeit very late. The actual camera is easily a 5-star product and a bargain for the price.
camera|Love this camera. Never had such great quality pictures before. Don't know what else to say. It is what I expected. you get your money's worth.
camera|I bought this camera and after a few months it went to hell and when i sent it for repair which the camera is still under warrenty, the company wont fix it unless i pay $160. for the camera and $30. for the lense. Dont buy a nikon they dont last.
camera|I realy wanted the nikon d7000 but price is what got me to buy the Nikon D3100. I love my camera. All ready shot hundreads for photos I only had it for 5 days. Now let me tell you about the lens. Its ok for daytime and where their is good light but very poor with low lighting. I order the 35mm lens and it had not came yet it soposted to be better in low lighing. It sould come this week. I wish I had it fro the concert I went too last night. Any way the camera is wonderfull I love it but the lens not so much. So buy the kit or just the body and then get the Nikon 35mm f/1.8G AF-S DX Lens for Nikon Digital SLR Cameras. I was just going to buy the body but it was only going to be only $50 cheeper.
camera|I bought this camera and must have used this for couple months. After that it stopped working. The auto focus no longer functions and i cannot take a single picture anymore.. just go to google and type "nikon d3100 + auto focus problem", you will see tons of folks having this issue. The better option is Canon.
camera|been great to have this camera, I still trying to figure out many things but been so nice. I love it,
camera|So far so good, only been using it since Christmas. Not as simple to use as hoped. Got it for someone as a gift and I'm the one ending up reading the manual. Should of had a carry case come with it at this price.
camera|In terms of price range and cameras of the same caliber, the Nikon D3100 is definitely the least expensive for what it offers. As for quality of camera, I'm not sure since I'm giving it to someone as a present.Shipping was great.
camera|I am having a good time learning this camera out as I have never had one with this much on it before. It takes great photos and having two lens makes it even better
camera|My husband, the family photographer, decided he needed a nice digital camera. I was very happy with our point and shoot digital and was concerned I wouldn't be able to easily take pictures on something like this DSLR. However, I was pleasantly surprised... this camera completely pleases my husband who understands Fstops and all that other stuff, yet is easy enough for me to use that I can pick it up and take a picture of the funny thing my toddler is doing! I think with some practice and instruction from my husband, I am going to really enjoy this camera and be able to take some beautiful pictures with it. Yes, it is a lot bigger than I am used to (so it won't fit in my purse)... however, it is a lot lighter than I anticipated. Now that I have tried it out I am not nearly as daunted by this fancy camera as I thought I would be.
camera|This is a great camera!! However, I hate the lens that it comes with (15-55mm). I knew going in that the lense was junk but I already had a different lens waiting at home.Camera is light weight and user friendly. FAB FAB FAB!
camera|This isn't about the camera, haven't used it yet since the filter hasn't arrived. THE PACKAGING IS PATHETIC!Camera came in a huge box with NO PACKAGING MATERIALS (no air pillows, no foam peanuts, nothing just an empty box) and of course, the box is smashed in. SEE MY PHOTO.Amazon, you let me down this time. Good news is everything APPEARS ok but this is too much of a risk for a high priced item. BUCK UP AMAZON AND PUT SOME PACKAGING IN THE BOX TO SECURE THIS ITEM!
camera|these piece of camera is awesome and very good. i am really satisfied with this machine. now i can take clear picture of my little princess.i am really happy with these product.
camera|I recently purchased the D3100 and have taken some shots in a variety of conditions. I have not yet had the opportunity to dive into the full feature set. Initial impressions:Pros: Very nice image quality (my primary concern), easy to use, includes reasonable editing software.Cons: Nikon is bit stingy when packing the box (no USB cable, no memory card at all); no exposure bracketing feature.So far, I have been very pleased with the images coming from the D3100. The colors are true and vibrant. It handles light and shadow well. The captured detail is impressive. I haven't "pushed" this camera yet with higher ISO shots or other more demanding techniques / settings however, I suspect that many of this camera's users, if not most, will not have the need or desire to wander too far away from the "Auto" setting, which does a very capable job in variety of conditions. The flash works well with the camera and there is a minimum of the "over exposed" or "glare" look that is commonly seen in family flash photography.This camera at its most basic level is dead simple to use: point and shoot. The camera may look intimidating to those who haven't previously used a full featured film camera or a DSLR but, pick it up, set it to "Auto", snap a few frames and you'll both feel much more comfortable with it and intrigued to learn more about its other capabilities. This camera is targeted for the entry DSLR market and anyone moving up from a compact point-and-shoot camera will immediately recognize the difference in image quality.The Nikon software was also easy to use and can really bring out the impact in your shots. The software installed without problem on my mac. Through the software, I was able to pull additional depth and detail from the initial captured image (I used RAW format for capturing). I did use the default JPEG as well and I doubt that many family photographers will have any complaint with those images. Again, the various sliders and options in the software can seem daunting at first, but you will be rewarded by playing around with settings (you won't ruin anything). As mentioned previously, through the software, I was able to take some images that would have been OK and make them compelling. I am not saying that they will be hanging in a gallery soon, just that they are far more visually interesting than they were and with a minimal amount of effort. The images included people, nature, indoors and out.I am not completely sold on the auto focusing, especially when the subject is in motion. I haven't used it enough in these circumstances to fairly comment, just something that has initially popped up as an item to explore further. For the record, the images in question seemed sharp though not quite what I had anticipated. It is too early to hang AF from my uses, though.I have not used (and have no immediate intention of using) the video feature. I have a video camera that shoots video well. Personally, I'd rather have additional still features (auto bracketing) than video. I understand that there may be a desire to pack everything within one device from a marketing perspective. However, I am of the mind that a device ought to focus on its primary mission and forgo additive items that it does less well.I have no understanding of why Nikon would not include a USB cable to connect the camera to your computer. Fortunately, the cable is not proprietary and I was able to reuse an existing cable from another camera. How exactly does Nikon propose that you transfer your images from the camera to your machine for use with the included Nikon software? That just doesn't make sense when the cable that I reused came included with a camera that cost $400 less than the D3100.Overall, I am very happy with the image quality (which makes the omission of bracketing even more noticeable), the ease of use, and the included software. I would have liked a starter memory card in the box and am really surprised that it did not include a USB cable. The price for value relationship needs some improvement, though the product itself is solid. This would be a good way to get into the DSLR segment for those moving up from compact point and shoot.
camera|I'm a beginner. I think everyone who buy it also is beginner. The only shortcoming is too small to have silent wave motor. Enjoy it!
camera|Bought for my wife as a second camera for back up to her D90. Bought this for Christmas the day before a trip to Texas and New Mexico for Christmas to see our grand babies we had not seen yet. This was total surprise for her. Her D90 was being serviced and she only has a point and shoot available for our trip. She was totally surprised when she got it the day before we left. She cried.
camera|I am just a entry level photographer and this is my first DSLR. I love the camera and have been able to have fun with some of the features that are not on the point and shoot cameras. The only reason I am giving it a 3 is because I just tried some new lenses and found out the hard way that the camera does not have auto focus. The auto focus is built into the lense. I re-read the section about which lenses are compatible and it does say that the camera does not take any lenses that do not have a built in auto focus, but I missed it at the time.I just wanted to get the word out as it could add costs in the future.
camera|This is a phenomenal camera. One small point I overlooked in buying the camera as a Christmas gift -- no memory card is included. Delayed slightly our holiday use of the gift.
camera|The item was very quality I just wish it came with more amenities. If there were more items with it, this would've been a 5 star purchase
camera|This camera only cost me $514 (including shipping), and saved me about $300! The camera's picture's quality exceeded my expectations. This deal is phenominal :)
camera|it very good and it is in very good quality and very good shape and the package's is very good
camera|All the product comes like description. No lies in time of delivered or in product descriptions, I am very happy for this deal. Thgnk you.
camera|To whom this may concern;First of all, I would like to say this camera is worth every dollar spent. I give the shipping and handling 10 stars for quality of shipment in a very timely manner. I am little confused, the add also mentioned if I purchased this item I would receive the following;Purchase this Camera and Get the following Accessories FreeFree SanDisk 16 GB Class 10 Memory CardFree AmazonBasics Backpack for SLR CamerasWill I be receiving these free items or not? Thank you so much for shipping this item in a very timely manner.v/rHalsey PosadasSan Diego, CA
camera|I received the the camara with the information needed for use it and all the things show on the web page it was great because we get to used right away for our trip and take super pics and video. THANKS great. :)
camera|This is the model I had expected for a while. Found it much better than I had imagined!!!Fast local delivery post service!What a wonderful day! Yay!!
camera|Very happy with the Nikon I purchased. I am already making some very nice photographs. Vann's had the model I wanted at a fair price and I received delivery of it in just a few days.
camera|I used the camera to document a christening this past weekend and it worked awesome. Cannot wait to see what I can photograph on my honeymoon in St. Lucia in July.
camera|Skip down to Pro/Cons if you don't want any background info.Okay, so the title says who I am basically, but I'll delve a little deeper so my review makes more sense.I'm a computer science student that's pretty tech savvy in my own opinion, and I'm now trying to break out in the digital world. I'm planning to upgrade my blogs with my own pictures and art and this was one step towards that.What I know about professional photography is the basic idea you learn in physics. Yes, school does teach you something. My previous camera was actually my cell phone. I've been currently using a n900, that took decent pictures with 10mp, and before that I've used the n82 at 5mp, which was actually a little better than the n900 before it broke down. I know to any serious photographer those two wouldn't even count, but everyone always says the best camera is the one with you and that's what I went on. And, if you actually take a look at the output of these phones, they are better than most point and shoots in my opinion...Now that my current phone is crapping out on me and I decided to grab a dslr. This wasn't my first choice, and I was going to get a t3i, because I love having tons of features but it was out of my price range. You have to consider also getting more than the kit lens, which will run you at least 200+, so considering that, this was the best choice for me. As a new user of dslr, I researched the different features of different cameras using many different websites but my favorite was snapsort. This site gives a good side by side comparison of the two cameras you're thinking of. I'd suggest if you still have any doubts go there and compare the two or more you wanted, and it'll give a better overview.Now the pros/cons list...Pros:-light-cheap enough to get another lens with this kit compared to other kits-guide feature to help with setting up the perfect shot-easy to understand interface in both the lcd/viewfinder-manual settings seem pretty easy to set upCons:-software doesn't seem that great-still a bit expensive for a hobbyist-focusing sound when doing auto focus in video (I knew about this before though, and this can be fixed by having a separate audio recording device)-no external mic input-no bluetooth/ir sensor for the cordless remote (I think you can rig up a wired cord to act as the input to a wireless remote though with the use of an outside microcontroller, but I wouldn't advise unless you had technical knowledge to do so,... such as circuitry and some programming,...)-guide is a bit cumbersome, if you want to switch from setting to setting, this will take some timeAll in all, a great starter camera. I think this will be future proof and I'll be able to use this for a good 5 years at the very least.
camera|This can make an amateur photographer (like myself) take quite amazing photos, without having to adjust your aperture, shutter speed, ISO, etc. Yet it also gives you the ability to change those to suit the situation better, too. Fairly easy to understand, though I'm sure I'll still be learning the features for a while to come. The included lens is actually quite good, with autofocus and such. If you're looking for a DSLR but have no experience with them, this is about as good as a starter can get. Haven't played with it too much, but I'll add info when I know the camera better.
camera|I have owned several previous Nikons (the last was a D80) and the image quality of the D3100 is excellent with both kit lenses. However, never having used Nikons for video before, I find the D3100 disappointing. Auto-focus in a wide range of situations is unacceptable and I have obtained better quality (through my HDTV) from my Canon and Lumix point-and-shoots.The battery life could be improved and I have had to recharge mine frequently after about 250 shots (no videos).That Nikon dispensed with the electric eye for remote control is also disappointing.I wish I'd kept the D80 !
camera|I am estatkc I finally have a real camera and can begin the Nikon experience. Now I will get some of the best pictures possible!
camera|I bought this camera with the intent to double as my video camera. Paid the difference from a Canon T3, specifically for the auto-focusing video.After I got it working (need to set it in AF-F mode), not the default discovered it can autofocus only about 50% of the time. Also, when it did you could hear the noise of the lens motor focusing in on the audio fo the video that was recorded. Very annoying. Also, not to mention that after reading the manual, you can only max out a a 10 minute video (no more!). Second, the build quality does not seem that good as compared to previous Canon's I have had. The SD card door slides open too easily, i.e. when grabbing the body and pulling it out of a camera bag. This size and weight is nice and is the smallest and most compact DSLR out there, but I found that Canon is more suited to my tasted. Not to mention the cheap looking LCD icons and the a not too intuitive ISO selection. Overall, I've decided to return it and for now stick with my Nikon P7000 with which I can't really tell the photo quality differences, but is much easier to use with all the dials.Overall: decent for the price, but if you don't care about autofocusing video, save the $50 to $100 and get the Canon t3 instead.
camera|Dudo que por el precio se pueda conseguir c&aacute;mara semejante es una excelente combinaci&oacute;n de funciones, practicas y de f&aacute;cil manejo, que deja ver que es un buen equipo de entrada para la iniciaci&oacute;n en el mundo de la fotograf&iacute;a digital sumamente contento con los resultados efectuados.si te estas iniciando en la fotograf&iacute;a te recomiendo esta c&aacute;mara, muy f&aacute;cil de operar y una calidez en fotograf&iacute;a impresionante.
camera|My husband loves his camera, I gifted him this camera as a wedding aniv gift.We hare happy with our purchase.
camera|After breaking my fall with my wife's D3000. . ....I finally suprised her and replaced it with the D3100. She loves it. ...and I'm out of the dog house!!!
camera|Hello... I am happy with the product but I didn't receive the strap of the camera. i don't know if this was a problem of the seller or the company that sent me the camera package. :(
camera|Nikon does not support their own products. I received a Nikon as a gift a few days ago. The box was factory sealed and yet the LCD screen was broken. Nikon's response: sorry we do not exchange any item for any reason!
camera|I am really dissapointed with the differential between the perception value and the value proposition. This camera has great features for someone who wants to savvy-up on using a DSLR but really dissapoints in the quality of Pictures that I snapped. I have never used a DSLR before and I found the Guide functionality really helpful but I was very dissapointed when I compared it to comparable cameras. Even the antiquated Nikon D-70 with just over 6.1MP seemed to produce better quality images, I even tested it with different lenses but I could not get it to produce the refinement I was seeking.Image quality really pales in comparison to Canon's T3 which I think is an older Canon model.
camera|If you are a professional photographer the camera is OK for the price.If you love good videos, forget this camera, the resolution is not 1080p, and the video format is a toy.When you shoot a video over people walking, the people look walking on the moon.I am very unsatisfied with this camera. The Camera'Specs are not REAL.
camera|Please research what you are buying before you buy DSLR. This is start up camera that i bought for my girl friend & she loves it.
camera|The camera takes crisp pictures, but the fact that the camera body doesn't have the autofocus motor is disappointing. The lenses which have an inbuilt autofocus motor are costlier which is a downside. The camera also doesnt have an infrared receiver. So, many wireless shutter releases doesn't work with this camera. But overall, when picture quality is concerned, no one can beat Nikon....
camera|I think Nikon did a joke on its loyal customers. A great DSLR, with amazing video HD quality, and MONO sound. This is just ridiculous! There are no settings for microphone. When recording video you have to use Manual Focus because the Auto motor makes crazy amount of noise. This camera would have been amazing if it had a mic out. But of course, Nikon had to make an extra dollar.
camera|The camera arrived in a timely manner and was in perfect, new condition. Thank you for such a great online purchase experience.
camera|This is a very good camera , easy to use and picture quality is stuning,very happy with my new nikon d3100.
camera|I had this camera for a few days and had to return it. I had problems with auto-focus. It wouldn't focus in low light. The video was choppy and noisy. I then tried a Canon T2i and to me, there is no comparison. As soon as I opened the Canon box and saw all of the necessary cables , I felt better. It may sound silly, but I like not having to go out and buy the cables for PC and TV separately. Why couldn't Nikon include the cables? Plus the Canon manual and software are so much better and easier to understand. The pictures and menu system are much better in my opinion too. The video is better. The audio is better. It feels better in your hands. Even the neck strap is better. Everything is just better. Yes it costs a little more but it is definitely worth it. I like having auto-exposure bracketing and the extra mic input. Maybe it's not fair to compare these two because the Canon cost a little more, but that's the point. In this case it is worth it to spend the extra money. For the extra money, I am MUCH happier.
camera|This camera has great ratings and the box came with everything packed well. I hope it works well for my son for many years due to the price.
camera|Recommended all the way... you have to be very clean from any oil things in your face because all it's sees
camera|If you read the professional reviews, they describe the camera perfectly. DP review, for example, got it exactly right. The live view mode is a little clunky. Autofocus fails in live view, and magnification is hard to use. It is hard to tell what ISO the camera is shooting at, no matter what.Camera fanatics will be upset that it does not work well with older lenses. Only the new lenses with AF-S or some such AF- designation will work.On the other hand, if you just want to hold it up to your face and take great pictures, it will do that. The camera also has plenty of buttons to adjust focus, to fine tune the exposure, and so on. For the money, it is hard to beat.
camera|If you are looking for a camera that basically was made for a point and shoot this is a great camera and takes really nice pictures. Here are some things I did not like about the camera you have to go into the menus to adjust everything, to change the aperture setting you have to switch the dial at the top to the A (aperture) mode then switch it back to the M (manual) mode and then change your shutter speed. I tried using other auto focus lenses with this camera and they do not auto focus unless they are newer. I am returning this item and going to get the D7000 instead so I have more control over the options I mentioned above, yes it is more money but I guess you get what you pay for as far as features go. I will say I would recommend this to someone, but that also depends on if you want to do most everything in automatic modes witch does give you great pictures, however if you want to learn photography I would not recommend this it's a pain to go into and out of menus and flip this switch or that switch to get into different settings. I can't give a reaview on the video recording did not use it.
camera|I got this camera for 599.00 thinking that it would out performed my Nikon L120, but even though it is a DSLR it works about the same as my point and shoot.This is my rev. comparing it to my $289.00 Nikon L120.The Good:ligth weigth,quick responce,AF works kind of good. I guess like any other DSLR camera now days.The bad:the zooming cap. Is not as good as my L120 wich is only 21x (I know all the DSLR cameras comes with an entry level 18-55 mm . But my point is my L120 does a better job zooming with what GOD gave it! lol),low ligth pictures did not compare to my L120, it does not work very well in low ligth takes too long to focus and you almost have to use the flash every time,( I did get good results in M ans A settings but it took too long for the shutter to absorb the picture, with my L120 I only have to press the cliker and the picture is taken very very sharp ! with out a flash ,You need to buy all the cables ! I know many cameras are like that but come on.... not even the stinking A/V cable??,and getting an upgraded lens not only will be expencive but are very limited, it uses very specific ones for this camera (it uses lenses that have the motor inside the lenses body,instead of the motor inside the camera body, so this makes it very dificult for a person to stick to this type of lences, others will work but wont AUTO FOCUS !)The sound is not as good its in mono and is kind of bad! , if you buy this model for the video HD capability...Dont do it!I know is mainly a pics. camera buy why would Nikon highlight the HD cap. like if it was its main benefit? when the sound of the video is so poor, my L120 has stereo and it records/sounds very good.In conclution:I was hoping for a huge dif. moving from a point and shoot to a DSLR.You will say so why in the hell dont you stick to your L120...? Well I will ! Read my review on the L120. I say do your research and if money is the problem to get a better camera ,just wait for prices to come down, I thing that a couple of hundred bucks will be better spent that getting stuck with something mediocre.I gave it a final test today. and it fail againg ,I took pics and shot video, but I just could not make it work as good as my L120. Well as stupid as it may be I will give it a last chance I will amend my rev. if I feel it necessary.Up date :I up grated to a 55-200mm lens ,and did more shooting in day and nigth and the day pictures were flawless,the nigth pictures in auto focus were hit and miss (it was a very dark nigth) but while playing with the manual settings I got some very good results !Update 01/02/2012 .After spending sometime now I can honextly say the camera works very good! the video still is not it best feature since it does not handle shake very well and the auto focusing is better not to be used. I worked with all the special effects that it has and they did pretty damed good. To the point that i will sell my L120 since I dont use it very much any more,the only thing that i will miss is the zooming capacity, the D3100 relies on the many lenses and the L120 dont. But I'm saving my bucks to get the 18-270mm Tamron. to avoid the switching of lenses. So my rating went from 2 stars to 4.0 .Ps : I also changed my review on the Nikon l120. It was not what I thougth !
camera|Update December 2012:Nikon repaired the battery charger which had suffered some sort of failure and had ceased charging my battery. The camera is working great and taking great pictures.Old review (based on frustration of failed charger):I have had the camera for three months and was really enjoying it but unfortunately I can't use it as the battery is refusing to hold a charge. I noticed that the indicator light on the charger never went solid and that I had only 1 bar of battery one day, which only gave me a few minutes of use. After a week of that, the battery will no longer even power the camera up even if charge for 24 hours. (for those who question if it's my fault, I've used multiple outlets that are know to be good and tried fully discharging the battery and recharging it for 24 hours at each)As nice as the camera is, it is useless when it doesn't work. This really is unfortunate as I have a 3.5 month old who is growing every day and each shot I miss will never come around again.I'm sending the battery and charger in to the service center today, hopefully that fixes it and I get it back soon. When i spoke with the rep he suggested I try using a battery from a friend to ensure it was the charger or battery and not the camera; I really hope it isn't the camera as I'll lose another week of pictures I'm sure. Unfortunately all off brand replacement batteries require an attachment and the only available nikon battery on amazon is $80. So I can either drop $80 on the battery and more on another charger or wait for the parts to come back. Very frustrating.
camera|After reading so much hype about the Nikon D3100 I decided to buy it. I was looking for a beginner's DSLR that wasn't too pricey but at the same time user friendly. I ordered the Nikon D3100 over the Canon T2i since it was $300 cheaper. When I received the D3100 kit along with the zoom lens I was fairly disappointed about the product.1. The D3100 is made in Thailand. Most reviews I read said it was made in Japan like Canon.2. No USB cable. The cable is useful for transferring photos between the camera and the computer. Without it you'd have to remove the memory card and the constant opening and closing of the flimsy plastic door will cause it to break.3. Ferrite Core (2). I had no idea what it was but it came with the camera. I had to google it to find out what it was since I couldn't find it in the manual. Well, to my amazement they are used on the USB cable and A/V cable to reduce high frequency noise. Like the USB cable, the A/V cable is not included too; so why did Nikon provide ferrite cores is beyond me.4. The extra zoom lens (55-300mm) that I ordered was made in China while the 18-55mm lens that came with the camera was made in Thailand. Again, I thought the lens were made in Japan like Canon.As for the camera itself, it's okay. I knew beforehand that the LCD screen was a low 230K resolution compared to the 1040K on Canon's T2i, but I would be using the viewfinder more than the LCD. The picture quality was okay. I haven't used the video features as my primary use was for photographs but it does lack an external mic.In summary, it's a 50/50 with the D3100. I would have at least given it a 4 star if it included the USB cable. (I know Canon includes it). As for where it was made I can't control that, but being that it's a DSLR Nikon should produce it in Japan. It's not good for taking videos even though it has a 1080HD since the LCD screen is only 230K. It's an okay beginner's DSLR camera but it lacks some accessories and features. If I knew these beforehand I would have opted for the Canon T2i. But I'll hold on to the D3100 and see how long it was last.
camera|I received this item as a new item and after a while I found that the Camera do not shoot contiguously 3fps for long time. approximately, it shoot for 10 second and then it accidentally shutdown. I really hate to be sold something with defect that consume time with back and forth. Please, be sure that you received it as it described.
camera|I bought this camera thinking it was a great deal and I really do like the camera. However when I tried registering it for warranty on the Nikon web site it is not recognizing the serial number and saying you have to be careful when buying online as it may not have come from a reputable dealer and that it may have come from a "grey market" which means Nikon won't honor repairs.What the heck? Thought Amazon was supposed to be legit? I am pretty upset right now and wonder if others had this problem?Doesn't seem to be any way of contacting Amazon directly from that I can see
camera|This camera is not worth the money you are going to spend on it. I have been involved in photography for over 30 years and I realize that plastic has helped keep prices low. But this is crazy. The camera looks and feels cheap, the lens is all plastic(even the mount), and I am hoping that the optics are at least glass. OOPS. For a company like Nikon to build and sell a camera of this quality is very sad. And forcing you to buy this junk lens is even worse.
camera|Not a bad camera but the camera takes too long to to process pics in live view. Too long of a delay.
camera|This Nikon D3100 works perfectly. Or does it? Relativity. Or is it? There is an opposite to everything. Or is there? See. Or do you? Maybe you do maybe you don't, or something in between. Or is it? Everything can be questioned. Or can it? Duun dun dunn. Or is it &#34;dun dun dunnn&#34;? Maybe it's not.
camera|I don't say this is an entirely bad camera. It is an average. I am satisfied with the pixels. While viewing the pictures there is a delay in the live view. Video making with this did not come out well. I am not too happy with my buy.
camera|I too have had some bad luck with this product. Although the picture quality is awesome, I had the misfortune to drop the camera crouching down from about 2 feet. It fell on asphalt, and cracked the case, destroyed the sensor, etc, etc. Obviously, the warranty didn't cover the damage, but it's been in an authorized Nikon repair for MONTHS! All I hear is that parts are back ordered. Letters to Nikon USA haven't helped a bit. Funny, but any of my 50 year old 35mm Nikons seem to be bullet proof. Sadly, I'd have to classify this camera as junk and Nikon service as horrible!
