cdplayer_sony|A 5 CD changer is hard to find. I was very happy to find it on Amazon. When we bought it, we did not realize that we also needed an amplifier to make it work. We ordered an amplifier from Amazon and the Disc Player works GREAT!!!! My husband finally has his music that he dearly loves, in his MAN CAVE:). He also can put the speakers outside, when he is gardening. His DREAM COME TRUE!! It comes with a remote. It has a shuffle button, so that it will select music from all CD'S at random. You won't be sorry with this product.
cdplayer_sony|My partner has an art studio and every space is taken. So wanted a familiar duplicate of what I had and wonderful, you had it.
cdplayer_sony|I loaded it with CD's and it would not play any of them more than a few minutes at best before it stopped
cdplayer_sony|Vendor shipped promptly and item was as described, so far no problems and I am happy with the level of service.
cdplayer_sony|Haven't tried all the features yet, but so far, so good. Very nice upgrade to my 20 year old unit.
cdplayer_sony|Just what I was looking for. Units like this are a bit difficult to find. Great service -arrived quickly and as advertised.
cdplayer_sony|good basic cd player for my sister. only negative is the depth of the unit was deeper than the space allowed in the av cabinet. We adapted by switching to a 90 degree rca plug that does not take as much depth as the regular rca plugs.
cdplayer_sony|Works great the decription was a little deceiving its not a recorder like it says however if you play it you can copy it so I guess it is somewhat a recorder was fast shipping and good product over all
cdplayer_sony|When I went to the Box Stores they told me no one makes them anymore. I couldn't believe it because a lot of people haveunits like mine that are individual components. Amazon didn't let me down. Very happy to play my CD's again
cdplayer_sony|We used this Sony CD player to replace an older Sony model and found that this new model retains all of the convenience and sturdiness of the older model while adding useful new features such as the USB port input. This model is easy to install and provides very clear sound reproduction.
cdplayer_sony|I considered this product based on Sony's reputation, and it was disc player that seemed to meet my needs. I was not disappointed. The sound quality is outstanding. It is easy manage and is very compact. I could not ask for more. Thank you for the information that was posted on your website. It was very accurate.
cdplayer_sony|I am very happy with this purchase. I had replaced an older Sony CD player that lasted for many good years but eventually stoped working like I wanted. This one seems to have taken it's place quite nicely. The remote is nice to have as well.I would purchase this product again.Tom
cdplayer_sony|audio components have been in my experience, absolutely reliable and a great value; and this is no exception. Highly recommended.
cdplayer_sony|I bought this CD player to replace a older Sony model that wouldn't play both channels through my home theater amp. This one performs flawlessly.
cdplayer_sony|Nice Product & Nice Price. A work house all day long in the salon. Always on and playing during business hours.
cdplayer_sony|The Player and control has worked with no problems. I have not tried out the USB port. I have three computers and have no need for the port.Papa Brown
cdplayer_sony|I HAD A SONY CDP-C505, IT WORKED GREAT, BUT IT DIED. IWANTED ANOTHER SONY, SO I UPGRADED TO THE CDP-CE500.
cdplayer_sony|We liked the price and name brand. Has more options than we will use. We recomend it for high quality, and good price.
cdplayer_sony|Great product, but not enough directions for use. Cannot figure out how to randomly select and shuffle cd's. Want to play different songs on different discs.
cdplayer_sony|We stream most of our music through our computer - mp3 - for conevenience. We replaced our Sony CD player when it &#34;croaked&#34; so that we would have a backup when the computer was down.This player looks like our prior CD player, but works much better with our universal remote control. The sound is good - better than the MP3 stream, as it should be given compression, etc.Good purchase at a good price.Like it.
cdplayer_sony|This was a gift for a friend to is not tech-astute. This is an easy to use standard. It gets a lot of use and I think that he really likes it.
cdplayer_sony|Needed to replace my 20 plus yr old Sony single disc CD player. I couldn't justify upgrading before since the old one still worked, but sure love having a multi disc changer! I had such great luck with my old Sony that I didnt even consider another brand. It deserves all the great ratings it gets. I am confident that it will be at least another 20 yrs before I need another CD player!
cdplayer_sony|Plugged it in, loaded it up, used it over the Christmas holidays a lot as the wife loves her Holiday music,and worked flawlessly. I got it in early December, and now in February I have had no issues at all.
cdplayer_sony|My husband is almost blind and he listens to books on CD. He is having a little trouble with the controles, but so far it is working great. Wish they made one with controles you could touch and feel.
cdplayer_sony|The player works great and plays as expected. I haven't tried the USB yet, but the regular CD player works as it should. My only small gripe is that the motors make more noise than expected when changing discs. But it is quick to change when on shuffle, and the shuffle does not play songs in the same order every time. I was tired of one disc at a time on my blu ray player, so this fills my music gap quite nicely.Problem is, now my tuner is not getting much use...
cdplayer_sony|My Compact disk player of 10 years died. It is not easy to find one in stores and the one or two they carry are very expensive. The price of this was awesome and it is working very well. I play it often and I have had it for 5 months. Couldn't ask for anything better in a CD player.
cdplayer_sony|the player itself seems to work fine but a couple of features we do not like:the player, apparently for power-saving reasons, automatically shuts off after a time if you pause it so if you want to return to the same song later, forget it - annoyingalso, the player defaults to disc 1 even if that is not where you left off in your last session - annoyingthe buttons are small and in dim light nearly impossible to distinguish - you guessed it - annoying!
cdplayer_sony|Easy to install and setup. And sound is great. Am happy with the player, but would like to see it have memory to return to place was at when turned machine off; if it has that capability, I haven't found it yet.
cdplayer_sony|This Sony 5 Disc CD Changer has all the features you need. It has a clear sound, remote for all functions including MP3,USB post and is very easy to program. I am very happy with this purchase.
cdplayer_sony|I was looking for a reasonably priced 5 disc player. This is it. It sounds great and I like being able to load songs on a jump dirve and connnect it to this player. It works just as I would expect a Sony product to work.
cdplayer_sony|Works great it is a perfect replacement for our old Technics unit which now failed after many years. Love the USB option
cdplayer_sony|This CD layer was just what I needed and wanted. Easy set up and performance is excellent. The price was affordable and lower than could be found in any store.Thankyou, I am a very satisfied customer and will buy from Amazon again.
cdplayer_sony|The Sony player will shuffle all songs on all discs plus has good sound quality. That is why I purchased the item.----I also liked the free shipping which was available.
cdplayer_sony|This product has all that I requested. And with a usb connection it is a plus to play music of your flash drive.
cdplayer_sony|Unfortunately the player stops playing the disc's before completing the set of five when you program it to shuffle &#34;All Disc's&#34;.
cdplayer_sony|Easy transaction and this player replaces my old one. I love it. Plays well and is easy to use.Nice design and remote control is a plus.
cdplayer_sony|It is harder to find a good, cheap cd player. everything is digital fileson mp/ipod players. I buy 6 at a time of this model.It works well plays all types of cds and good price.
cdplayer_sony|We had an old Sony multliple disc play for many years and it finally stopped reading the disc. This new version is much better a product and also reads USB sticks. WE love this Sony and the sound is fantastic. It changes discs smoothly and without much noise.Highly recommended.
cdplayer_sony|My old CD changer broke and I needed a replacement to play my Christmas CDs. Works like a charm and it came quickly!
cdplayer_sony|Works great and matches its description. Nice update from older Sony player. Hope it lasts as well, too. I recommend it!
cdplayer_sony|Perfect replacement for my 15 year old Sony CD player which finally died on us. Fast delivery by Amazon as usual There are better units out there but not at this price,
cdplayer_sony|The player has not worked well from the beginning. When you play discs, the sound stops in the middle of the song all the time. We have cleaned the discs thinking that may be the problem. This did not stop the skipping. We have played the same disc on a different machine and they work well. There is a problem with the unit scanning the disc or the laser is defective. We were about to contact you to see how this unit can be returned and replaced. Please advise how this unit can be returned for credit or replacement.
cdplayer_sony|Great sound at a great price. Took only about 4 days to arrive. Installation was fast and easy. It comes with a remote which is nice.
cdplayer_sony|My old Sony player was working OK, but it could not play the MP3 format. Although a small bit of fidelity is lost, MP3s have the advantage of major compression, so five or more full albums can be burned on one CD. On the down side, some of the controls and buttons on this model are tiny and a bit difficult to read and use.
cdplayer_sony|Purchased it for a neighbor who now is a regular Amazon customer...do I get a &#34;Bird Dog' for bringing him in??? Anyway; he loves the thing...
cdplayer_sony|I will be buying from this site again. The CD player is working well and we are enjoying it. Thanks for the service
cdplayer_sony|When changing over cd its not much of a silent transaction.Besides that its a really nice cd changer.thank you sony
cdplayer_sony|It meets my expectations but have not had a lot of time to enjoy it. I would order it again.
cdplayer_sony|the older model i had was from the 80's. was not working correctly so i tried this one. was plessantly surprised. have not tried the USB but the sound is fenomanal :))
cdplayer_sony|Looking for an affordable cd changer, to add on to your system, replace a broken unit, or use as a stand alone( with an amplifier) I recommend this model Sony. It's simple, and affordable. If you already have Sony equipment, this is the natural solution. Set up in a minute. The functions are right, the features are plenty. It does what it says. A good deal!
cdplayer_sony|It has USB inputs and even a way to input cassette tapes but it is very sensitive as to any movement. It has dificulties with r/w cd's
cdplayer_sony|Pllays CD's and CDR's as expected. No problems so far. It also has a usb port that I have used to plug in a lot of music from a flash drive. The random play feature works fine.
cdplayer_sony|wanted to purchase a single cd player, but they don't make them anymore. so we opted for this one and it is great and so was the price!
cdplayer_sony|I bought this compact disc player as a gift for my husband's birthday. Our old one was a single disc unit of at least 15+ years and it finally stopped working. I bought this particular unit because the name Sony I can equate with qualityThis unit was easy to install. The multidisc function is a great addition for us. Exceptional clarity, ease of programing, and a great value for the money makes this a true 5 star rating.I should add, we are senior citizens, so I was somewhat worried about the two of us being able to follow the directions to install and use the unit but we had no problemsI would highly recommend this compact disc player
cdplayer_sony|works greatreplacement of old sony that was 10 years oldafordable pricelike the ability to record to thumb drive
cdplayer_sony|This was a reconditioned player and it did work but stopped and started continually.We returned it with no problem received the purchase price and shipping cost back. We are happy with Amazon and with Ocean.We are seriously considering purchasing a new system from them.
cdplayer_sony|It sure is nice to have a remote for the cd player. My previous cd player was a Sony and lasted some 20 years. The new one has a improved look, plays mp3 homemade cd's, and has all of the features like shuffle and program that I like with a 5 cd carousal. The price was quite reasonable too!
cdplayer_sony|Our old CD player had expired and I bought this one to replace it, and use with other older components. It was an effortless installation and it works great.
cdplayer_sony|Purchased due to good luck with Sony in the past. Did not want to spend a lot of money and this one fit the bill. Have not used the remote but it has a ton of buttons. Maybe this is where the features are? I do not use a remote for anything but TV.Does have a USB port, Most likely will not use.NO FRILLS, LOW PRICE, WORKS.
cdplayer_sony|For the price, you really cannot beat this product. It has the features I was looking for, it was very easy to set up and works great.
cdplayer_sony|easy to use and set up...nice to have the added disc space instead of just one...easy to learn to use
cdplayer_sony|WORKS LIKE A CHAMP! COULDNT BE HAPPIER. READS THE USB THUMBDRIVE QUICKLY AND PLAYS PERFECT. SO FAR SO GOOD AS THEY SAY..
cdplayer_sony|Plugged right in to my 1980's rack system and I was playing CD's within 5 minutes of un-crating. Easy to read display and shuffle feature works great between disks.I would buy this again!
cdplayer_sony|The CD player works just fine. There is nothing more that I think I could say to satisfy the fourteen words.
cdplayer_sony|We are using this at our church and they really like it. There is a remote control so the men love it! Lol
cdplayer_sony|Love it came as promised plays cds and mp3 format well. Also plays music from my computer put on usb drive.
cdplayer_sony|I had owned an older version of another CD player which has since broken. I love the way this new one works and there are so many possibilities with the newer technology! The features on the front are straight forward and easy to use! I was so happy to get it in time for Christmas to listen to my many Christmas CD's...
cdplayer_sony|Operates fine and sound seems to be excellent. Operates very similar to a Sony CD player I bought about 20 years ago that just broke down .
cdplayer_sony|This disc player replaced a similar one which was quite old. This one performs as well as the old model. I find it difficult to get some functions manually on the front panel, but everything works fine using the remote.
cdplayer_sony|I am really old school when it comes to stuff like this. In fact I have a vinyl record player sitting on top of this CD player. I love the 5 cd turntable and the mixing feature on the unit. Also, there is a remote that I use when I am on my rowing machine.I had an old Teac cd player that was giving me fits and this one is so nice to use and what else can I say. Oh I forgot you can load your tunes onto a flash drive with this player if you feel the need to do so.
cdplayer_sony|Have had the Sony CDP-CE500 CD player for only a short time (a few months), but thus far it has been working well. The true trial will be whether it holds up a year or more from now. Got this CD player at a terrific price so, I am satisfied. The sound quality is very good, at least to my ears. I had been looking for a CD player/disc changer for some time and this has proven, thus far, to be a good product.
cdplayer_sony|Great condition, came quickly, nice sound. Took us a while to figure out how to set it up, but I think that is just us!
cdplayer_sony|Bought this as a gift for my mother-in-law. Great sound. Great quality. Great price. It's very easy to hook up.
cdplayer_sony|Great CD player works well with all Cd's works perfect with my stereo,Great sound and easy operation.Sounds perfect with any CD
cdplayer_sony|I will be returning the cd player because it skips and damages my CD's. I don't recommend buying this CD player
cdplayer_sony|This is a very simple product to operate and for the money spent, works like a dream. I highly recommend this!
cdplayer_sony|Works beautifully! The price was great for an amazing Sony product. Sony does it again!! I rely totally on Sony electronics.
cdplayer_sony|I've owned it for 2 months; works fine so far. The design is that of the standard carousel 5 disc player; the sound is good.
cdplayer_sony|I love this Sony CD player. It holds 5 cds & sounds & works great! It is exactly what I was looking for.
cdplayer_sony|Bought it for my husband, The system was new and i paid a reasonable amount of money, i will definitely recommend it... The most my husband likes is that it came with a controller.....Thank You Amazon for your service.....
cdplayer_sony|Everything came shipped right on time. Fresh and brand new right out of the box! Easy hook up and great price fort this CD player you can barely find in stores nowadays.
cdplayer_sony|This has good sound, although that might be because I have Bose speakers. It is easy to operate. It fit perfectly into the old Technics cabinet I got from my parents.
cdplayer_sony|This plays 5 CD's. It plays mp3 flawlessly, it never skips, and it does exactly what it's supposed to do... it works!!!You can not go wrong with this!!
cdplayer_sony|I have not owned many sony products, but the CDP-CE500 CD player is very good. The remote functions very well, and the playback has been consistant and clear. I use it in my workshop and keep it covered when not in use. It is exposed to temps ranging from 35*-85* all year. I'll let you know how it long it holds up.
cdplayer_sony|After many repairs, my old CD changer had given up the ghost and I had to decide on getting a new one. I decided to check what Amazon had in that regard and I found this Sony product for a very low price. Initially I was reluctant to buy a used unit since it might be a can of worms but I decided that it was a good brand and the seller was indicating "mint condition" describing the unit. I decided on buying it and I have been very pleased with my purchase since day one. The seller did not lie since the unit does not have a scratch on it and it performs flawlessly. Again, this was a picture perfect purchase.
cdplayer_sony|For the price paid this is a better cd player than I expected. I've been without a working cd player since my previous one crashed. Wanted a higher end model but money was a problem. For the cost this one is really pretty good. Sound quality is good but some of that obviously has to do with rest of system being of fairly high quality.Took a bit to get it hooked up right but not the fault of the player. I had the old one run thru an equalizer but I had forgotten that. The cd player appeared to be working but no sound from speakers had me scratching my head for a bit. Duh??? Finally remember to turn on the equalizer.I would consider this a pretty good player for the low price. Not sure about longevity never having had a Sony product before but so far everything works as manual states. Not always the case with some manufacturers.Shipping was faster than expected. Always good experience with Amazon.
cdplayer_sony|I'm very happy with my CD player. The item arrived when it was promised eventhough I received an email that it was backordered. I couldn't be happier with the item itself. Exactly as described at a very affordable price. I'm using it in a retail store so we'll see how it holds up after daily use.
cdplayer_sony|The CD player was delivered quickly and in perfect condition. It was easy to set up, and has worked well ever since. The price is reasonable, and it has put music back into our outdoor activities since it is hooked up to porch and deck speakers.
cdplayer_sony|Terrific to have music again in my living room! I missed not having this. Thank you so much for affording me this opportunity!
cdplayer_sony|a great cd player..bought this from amazon.as lots of features to many to list all..just look under product discriptions...i have tried all my cds and cds made from my computer.all work great..no skipping..a lot of fuction can be accessed from front of unit or remote.fantastic sound.nice looking palyer. .
cdplayer_sony|This unit is an excellent CD player. Basic and simple to hook up and operate. The USB input on the front allows me to use thumb drives to play my private collections. I am very happy with this purchase!
cdplayer_sony|Overall a nice player. Very honest sound. Scope measurement showed a ruler flat frequency response from 20 - 20 KHz with virtually no ripple. Seems to have good tracking. The mechanism is a bit noisy, but that doesn't bother me. What does bother me is the too-shallow finger divots for removing the disks. Makes it hard to remove one without fumbling it.
cdplayer_sony|I have had an Onkyo model; DX-C380 for over 6 years and been extremely pleased with it. Problem is I have been buying CD from local bands and at music festivals. Some of these were MP3 format others pressed type. None would play on the Onyko unit, it would not recognize any of these CD. I could play them in my cars, player on the boat fine. Bought the Sony because it was said to play MPs format and home cut CD. They were correct, it has played every CD I put in. The sound quality is excellent. The remote has a myriad of functions and is easy to operate. Only thing I have to complain about, it seems to be noisier than my old one when changing CD's. This is minor. Would highly recommend this unit.
cdplayer_sony|I shopped online and in stores for an inexpensive, but quality CD player. I specifically wanted it to shuffle at least five CDs, and that was my main requirement.When Amazon offered this player at a bundled price with the receiver and speakers, I thought something must be wrong with it. So, I went to two retailers and saw it for almost 50% more than what Amazon offered it for.One retailer insisted it would only "straight play" the CDs and wouldn't shuffle the random play between the CDs. That was almost a deal breaker, and none of the write ups mentioned it having this feature so I was afraid it was true. I went online and pulled up the operating instructions and there it was...shuffle play. That closed the deal.I ordered it, it arrived earlier than scheduled, had an easy set up, and has a wonderful sound. I've thoroughly enjoyed playing my CDs. For the price and the features, it was the perfect product for me.
cdplayer_sony|Good player with decent sound and capabilities. Most controls are from the remote rather than on buttons on the front of the machine.
cdplayer_sony|I allready have a 10 year old Sony CD changer at home that I love, now I have this new one for my office. Sounds great and plays "home- made" CDs with no problem. I would recommend this unit to anyone!
cdplayer_sony|Replaced a similar Sony 5 CD player that quit working mechanically after 10+ years. This new one works perfectly manipulating the discs, and the sound is as it should be. Just what I wanted.
cdplayer_sony|After a decade or so, our Magnavox CD changer decided to go kaput, saw the good reviews, not to mention the very reasonable price, hard to beat, plus free shipping--add to that the name "SONY," and we took the plunge. We ordered it on a Saturday, it arrived that Tuesday, was installed same night, plays beautifully. I don't know if this will be playing beautiful music for me for another decade or so, but so far so good; and for the price, I won't lose sleep over it. Didn't need a $650 unit like some others out there; this is just what we need. Remote is easy to use, not too many bells or whistles.
cdplayer_sony|So far I'm really enjoying this CD player which replaced an old Sony player I had. There's been no skipping so far. I have not tried the USB port to play music from but will and like the capability to do so. The player is a little noisy when shifting from CD to CD but sounds solid.
cdplayer_sony|This unit is very amazing in that it is able to match the quality of many higher end units while being very reasonably priced. Nice Sony
cdplayer_sony|Bought this to replace a 14 year old Sony changer than finally gave up the ghost. This unit is lighter weight than it's predecessor, I'm sure because of more plastic and less metal. The addition of USB and MP3 capability and a remote is a major improvement from the old unit, as is the ability to copy CDs to a USB drive.Unlike other what other reviews have said the sound quality is excellent - at least through my Sherwood receiver and Bose speakers - no skipping, warbling, etc.The only reason I gave it a 4 star rating vs. 5 star is it's a little slow and noisy when changing discs and when playing in shuffle mode. Other than that it would be a 5 start rating.I haven't had it long enough to comment on the long term durability.
cdplayer_sony|Basic CD player. This is my second one. Feels and looks a little cheap, but it is in expensive.Does the job
cdplayer_sony|I purchased this cd player to replace an older one made by a different company. My cds were always jammingin my old one and the cd tray often would not open/close. This Sony model felels so much more better built. It has operated flawlessly and I love being able to play all my mp3s. Being able to record to a USB stick is also a great feature. For the price this player is a real bargain.
cdplayer_sony|well packaged for shipment arrived on time and for the right price on a great Sony product; a perfect add on to your system.
cdplayer_sony|Typical great Sony quality, works out of the box as descibed. However shuffle seems to work only with remote, no shuffle button on the unit, no real problem you need to push the remote shuffle button once only...don't lose the remote.
cdplayer_sony|I love it because it is exactly what you need when you have a home theater system that sounds great and you want to take advantage of it and not use just for movies.
cdplayer_sony|To much money invested in CDs to download all to I-pod. Was so happy to find new CD player to continue the music n enjoy the disks. An excellent choice for money
cdplayer_sony|I haven't had any problems with this CD player. i would recommend it to anyone. i did read other reviews before purchasing and decided to go new and not used.
cdplayer_sony|works great with my CDs and USB drive. It does everything it should. no complains so far. By the way, I think Sony's good choice .
cdplayer_sony|I have had the Sony CD player for about 2 months. I had no trouble hooking it up and it played beautifully the first time! It is easy to operate and it is so nice to be able to listen to a multi-disc opera without interruption! The fidelity is remarkably good. My partner was happy using our DVD player but it was driving me nuts. When he first used the Sony he was impressed and won't go back to the DVD for music CDs anymore. I highly recommend this unit.
cdplayer_sony|Item as described. Easy set up. Very satisfied so far with performance. Sound quality better than previous Sony player i replaced.
cdplayer_sony|Needed a CD player for my home. Great value and sounds great. Finding a 5 disc player was a plus
cdplayer_sony|A brand new Sony compact disc player that works great can't ask for much more. And yet got one more excellent thing. Laser players need to be packed and shipped extremely carefully. And this was perfectly sent.
cdplayer_sony|it is a replacement for a disc player I used 8 hrs a day for over 15 years...I hope this one will last just as long...this player is a great deal and easy to use.
cdplayer_sony|I had a 6 disk player some 20 years old that was skipping and a cleaning disk did not fix it. found this on Amazon with good reviews. Bought it and it has not disappointed.
cdplayer_sony|Was pleasantly surprised with the sound quality..was looking for a five dics player and this one fit the bill at a price that was more than acceptable
cdplayer_sony|I used to have an earlier version of this product for 15+ years and decided to purchase another one for a gift and couldn't be happier.
cdplayer_sony|My reasons for giving 4 stars r my previous experience is that the cd changers are not durable and this changer is noisy. the short life is a problem for those who use these players frequently. the noise is heard when the platter is moving, but not during playback. the device has an usb slot and the sound is good; i don't think i can tell one cd player for another, altho the sony sound is subjectively better than onkyo and yamaha. the price is much lower than the yamaha that i previously reviewed and i am considering buying a 2nd one as cd's are being phased out and i'm not sure if there will be a manufacturer who continues making the product like some continued making record players. transferring all of my cd's to computer is an option, but there is loss of sound quality as occurs with any data transfer, but more noticeable with &#34;mp-3&#34; players.
cdplayer_sony|So far the player is all I hoped it would be. It doesn't take forever to load, and it plays great.
cdplayer_sony|I am very pleased with this unit. It works smothly and delivers outstanding sound quality. I recommend it and the price is very reasonable.
cdplayer_sony|It works fine. It is a bit noisy when changing to the next CD. I like the feature that allows for the USB input.
cdplayer_sony|This was a replacement for an older version of the same 5 CD player for a real HiFi system with amp and preamp. I was surprised with the sound quality from the CDs with this player. It really made the CDs sound much better.
cdplayer_sony|We bought our first Sony CDP CD Player roughly 20 years ago. Flawless performance. Alas, it died recently and we needed a replacement. While we could have gone to an iPod + speakers approach, we chose to stick with this Sony product. While it has been improved through the years, it is quite similar to our old Sony CD player, very intuitive to operate.We are very accustomed to popping 5 CDs into the Sony player and having an evening of quickly-selected music on tap for visitors. We wanted to continue to have this feature, so we are tickled to have purchased this unit.
cdplayer_sony|The front panel has fewer buttons than the instructions show.To take advantage of the &#34;shuffle&#34; options, it means understanding the instructions; for me, it usually means try, reread, try again. Practice makes perfect.
cdplayer_sony|It fits in the same cabinet space as my old sony carousel cd player. It has updated features. It has the same good sound reproductuion while operating quietly & the included remote makes using it much easier. Haven't used the usb port yet, but I'm sure that will come in handy as well. Overall I would recommend this carousel cd player to all of my friend. ;)
cdplayer_sony|This player was very easy to install and has been working great! I either didn't receive instructions or lost them in my excitement to finally get listen to my cds but it is fairly simple to use! Great to be able to find a source for this since I couldn't find any in any stores where I shopped!
cdplayer_sony|Have not used USB feature, but all other featured meet or exceed expectations.This item was not locally, and similar available products were $20 or more.
cdplayer_sony|Great product, as always with Sony. Priced very reasonably. Easy instructions/hookup...even for the 'non-tech' grandma!!Recommend to everyone looking for quality product.
cdplayer_sony|I wanted a 5 disc player as I have many I love the sound and the remote is great as I sit in my writing room I can enjoy my jazz cds . Quality was important and Sony is a brand name i have other Sony products and always have been very pleased with them. For people who are looking for the right CD player this is the one.
cdplayer_sony|I bought this for business purposes, so while customers shopped they wouldn't have to listen to regular radio with endless commercials and annoying hosts, and so far so GREAT! This Sony CD changer has been perfect in every way. I especially like that it's been used literally 9 hours a day, 6 days a week, non-stop for three months solid, and it's running smoothly at this point.With different seasons come different music, and right now we're of course playing Christmas themed jazz and classics. This CD changer really fulfilled my expectations - although my ONE quip would be that after decades of CD changers being on the market, I was still in shock that this unit cost as much as it did.
cdplayer_sony|My 20 year old Sony component stereo system is lossing components. The turntable died about 10 years ago. The CD player died 2 years ago but I failed to do anything. So, this Christmas, I picked out a new Sony CD player. The Sony CDP-CE500 is the one I bought. Plugged into the receiver with no problems. Of course this new CD player has to plug into an outside power source. It only took 20 minutes to hook-up and we were playing Cds. This CD player works great and was an excellent choice. Delivery only took 2 days.
cdplayer_sony|The CDs sound great. My old CD player had problems that the new Sony player corrected. Sony responded well to the problem I reported to them.
cdplayer_sony|This CD player is so similar to my previous one, that there are no &#34;new&#34; buttons to learn. Add CDs to the carousel, push play and one is set for hours of musical enjoyment.
cdplayer_sony|The machine is OK. It would be nice if the remote allowed you to change trays. Plus a couple of the tracys seem to have a hard time when the DVD 1st starts, but eventualy straightens out.
cdplayer_sony|I was attracted by the CDP-CE500's ability to play both CDs and USB media. That filled a real need after I let my turntable and cassette player go. The CD player works fine but I haven't had a chance to use the USB port. This unit was well-priced and scores very high in value as far as meeting my needs.Delivery from Amazon was very fast.I am completely satisfied with this purchase!
cdplayer_sony|Very satisfied, easy hook-up, last one I had was 15 years ago, directions were simple, I was all hooked up in 15 min., technology intimidates me, this was a breeze!!!!
cdplayer_sony|This Sony CDP-CE500 DC player is exactly as advertised. Works well, is nice & compact, good sound from my tuner.
cdplayer_sony|Great listening! We love our new disc player. It was a nice Christmas present to each other. Cannot wait to see what we get next Christmas!
cdplayer_sony|Disc player is working fine. Easy to use, clear sound and I enjoy using the remote. No problems with the player.
cdplayer_sony|Not a high end unit with lots of options but a good reliable CD changer. I still like to put in several hours worth of CDs and listen all day. (Old school I know). The unit reproduces great sound with minimal skipping of my oldest CDs. Good buy for the money
cdplayer_sony|Nice unit. It is a little noisey when changing discs but not unexpected from reading some other reviews. Used the optical audio connection. Works fine and dandy and sounds great. The sale price also reinforced my warm fuzzy feeling about buying this. Rock On!!!
cdplayer_sony|Cd player is as advertised. Works very well. If size is an issue you need to check the specs on this, its approx 18 X 18.Item was shipped from Vanns, it took a little longer to process order but, I did order it a week before Christmas.
cdplayer_sony|Thid cd player does everything advertised. Easy for my kids to use. Quick and easy to set up. I recommend this product.
cdplayer_sony|The Sony CDP-CE500 compact disc player gives me exactly what I was looking, a CD changer (with remote) at a very affordable price!
cdplayer_sony|I bought this inexpensive CD changer as much because of the usb port as the ability to cycle CDs. I am quite pleased with the sound quality, the functioning of the changer, and I love being able to use my jump drives to play music! What more is there to say?
cdplayer_sony|This CD player was a Christmas present and it was EXACTLY what I wanted! Admittedly I am not a sound geek, I just want my house to be filled with beautiful music and that's what I now have. Some time ago, we were given one of the high tech CD players that can hold over 100 CD's, but it never worked! There was always a problem. We're very happy with this item and would recommend it!
cdplayer_sony|Been looking for a good CD player since I have an older stereo that does not have one. Looked at many units on Amazon as well as other stores. Saw this unit and read the specs, and the price and decided this one should fill my needs. Price great, very quick delivery, good name unit. Hook up was fantasticaly easy, instructions on operation was easy to understand, and the sound is great, has worked flawlessly ever since installation. It's great not to have to keep changeing cds one at a time, can play a whole evening on one loading. If you are looking for a really great player at a great price, I don't think you can go wrong choosing this unit. Amazon is a super place to do business - not only do they have great selections on a variety of products but they have quick delivery along with prices lower than what is found locally - Satisfied 110% with the equipment, Amazon and all.
cdplayer_sony|So far I am very p[leased with my Sony CD player. Everything works great, sound is good and I am happy as long as I do not have any problems.
cdplayer_sony|Got it quickly and in good shape. Works as advertised and I'm very happy with it. Gray-on-black labels make it more convenient to use the remote, which also gives you access to more functions. Very happy with it.
cdplayer_sony|"Our Sony CDP-CE500 C.D. Player arrived promptly and in good working order. Thus far, it's performing quite beautifully and makes an excellent addition to our entertainment system. We previously owned a Pioneer PD-4300 C.D. Player, which provided us with many, many years of excellent service. But our new Sony is definitely a "step-up," and we're very pleased, so far. I guess only time will tell, regarding it's "ruggedness." We highly recommend this multi-CD player by Sony..."
cdplayer_sony|Does everything I expected it to do!!! ..Recommended it to friend. He bought one too and he is also very happy with it.
cdplayer_sony|Very nice unit, Easy to use and it performs well.I have not tried the &#34;Flash Drive Option&#34; yet, but I am eager to do so soon.
cdplayer_sony|So far it is performing as it should. No problems and I am still learning how to operate it. It should be really great when i know what I am doing. Nice smooth operation.
cdplayer_sony|I bought this CDP-CE500 because the older model of this cd player neede to be retired. This one works as good and even with more features on it is more fun to have.
cdplayer_sony|Used with old TV in our RV with an RF modulator from Walmart. Great value and takes up small space.
cdplayer_sony|This player replaced a much older one, which would have taken more money to fix than to get a new one. I just plugged it in and it played like I expected.
cdplayer_sony|Exactly and everything that I wanted, excellent name brand, simple, reliable distributor plus great price! Not much else to say.
cdplayer_sony|I love my new Sony CDP-CE500 Compact Disc Player. I love the shuffle option as you can listen to different singers without all their songs playing in a row. It works great with my bookshelf Sony speakers! Lou
cdplayer_sony|This CD player was easy to set up. Though it has some features we probably won't use, it does exactly what we need it to do. We have had it for several weeks and use it every day. It sounds good and makes no odd noises. We have another Sony CD player like this one that is many years old. We hope this one will be as good for the next 30 years!
cdplayer_sony|I bought this player in July 2012 to replace a 200-disk Sony CD juke box that was beginning to show signs of age. I had decided a year ago or more that with my next CD player I would go back to a carousel type unit that holds five or six disks.After reading reviews on Amazon and elsewhere, I determined that the CDP-CD500 was a good choice, especially considering the low price.I've been using it since late July, and it has worked without a hitch. About 90% of the time I just listen to the songs and discs in order, but I have tried both program play and random play. Both are simple to set up, pretty much like every DVD player since the second generation machines, and both work fine. The machine makes a lot of noise when starting up, and when changing from one disk to another.The change from song to song is fairly slow. Back in the day, when people might have programmed a sequence of songs to record to a cassette, the delay would have been annoying, but I suspect few people do this anymore. You may also want to record a sequence of songs to a flash drive as MP3 files, but since they will be transferred to iTunes or some similar setting for playback, it should not make a difference.Speaking of which, this is the first CD player I've seen that plays songs from a flash drive and also records to it. I plugged in a drive with songs in a number of different folders, pressed the appropriate buttons, and the player found them and played all songs one after another, despite their folder locations.Recording from the CD to flash drive seemed to work fine. It produces an MP3 file with a generic name, so you have to re-name it when transferring it to iTunes (of course, it plays fine with the generic name). The sequence of buttons to be pushed is moderately complex, and if you don't do it often, you'll probably be reaching for the manual each time.Another feature that's new to me is the ability to change discs while a CD is playing. Not something I really need that bad, but it's occasionally useful.At age 73 I don't have "golden ears," but the sound quality seems to be fine, maybe a bit better than the unit I replaced.The tray that the CD sits in has depressions on two sides to enable easy removal of the disc, but they are on the wrong side. Standing in front of the player, it is natural to put your thumb toward the front and finger toward the back, but the depressions are on the sides. I have learned where to stand in order to grasp the CD without fumbling.The only big complaint I have about this product is common to many electronics, small, hard to read display. The song number is so small I have to get up and take a few steps toward the player to read it, and it's hard to distinguish 1 and 7, because the top of the number is right against the text above it (the word "track.")
cdplayer_sony|I've had Sony CD players before and been generally very pleased with them, so it may be that this one was somehow damaged. The packaging was very loose and the player could've been banged around in transit. In any case, this player began randomly stopping during play; didn't matter if it was an old CD that plays fine in other players or if it was a brand new pristine CD, the player stopped more and more frequently over its first week out of the box.Additionally, the carousel is extraordinarily loud when changing CDs. Like startlingly loud. One of the benefits enjoyed in my previous CD changer was a seamless flow between albums, a discreet changeover; this thing, between CDs, sounds like a toolbox about to vomit.
cdplayer_sony|When my 20 year old 5 disc CD player/changer finally died, I needed to replace it but it had to be a Sony and it had to be a 5 disc CD player/changer. I found this one and it is exactly what I wanted. I purchased the receiver and a set of speakers suggested to go with it. Everything works great......easy hook-up and the CD changer is fairly quiet when changing CDs. I've always had good luck with anything Sony.
cdplayer_sony|Works great. Easy to set up and to use. Remote is straight forward and well designed. Good product overall. Very satisfied.
cdplayer_sony|Excellent CD Player. I have it hooked up to Optical audio connection and music sounds great. I bought it to listen to light rock on Sundays when I read the paper. Sound is crystal clear.
cdplayer_sony|Has very good sound and the carousel for the Cd's is very good and easy to use. Like the idea that it has an optical connection.
cdplayer_sony|Works great so far ( installed it in my shop ). Play CD's on it constantly w/no problems so far.
cdplayer_sony|Bought this to replace a Technics unit that began skipping a lot, even after cleaning. I always used the spiral play option and didn't realize this unit doesn't have that option. Oh well.
cdplayer_sony|I received the Sony CD player this morning. Thus far, it has exceeded expectations! Easy to install, exquisite sound and easy to use remote control. I still need to explore all of the other features and will keep you informed of my appraisal. What a joy to hear music again in my living room. My Pioneer CD lived a long life of 20 years and met an unexpected and sudden demise, as some of us will.
cdplayer_sony|I am very pleased with this product. Everything seems to be working perfectly with no problems. Love the shuffle, although there is a bit of a delay between songs while the unit is searching, but it is not overly annoying. I feel the product could have been packaged for shipping better. The smaller box with the unit was packed in a larger box but there was no packaging materials like peanuts or crumbled-up paper, so the smaller box with the unit was flip-flopping around in the larger box. Nonetheless, it arrived without damage, so all was ok.
cdplayer_sony|As I mentioned in the Headline, it's a great player only wish the operating buttons were backlit so I can see them in the cabinet where we keep it.Still recommend the Sony CDP-CE500, great product.
cdplayer_sony|I have only used the unit for a couple of days. So far the CD portion is working fine. I put it on shuffle all disks and let it go. No glitches, all good. Not so when playing mp3s off USB sticks. I have tried 4 different brands of USB drive. In each case the unit plays at most 1 or 2 complete songs. Then in the middle of a song playback stops, the unit shows DATA ERROR and advances to the next song. I have tried drives between 1GB and 8GB from SanDisk, PNY, Memorex and MicroCenter. Same results for all drives. I am in the process of having the unit replaced and will report the results on the new unit.11/15/2011 - updateKudos to Amazon for a very quick turn-around on the replacement unit. Requested Sunday, received Tuesday! So far I have listened to parts of 4 CDs from 2 different USB drives with no problems. So it appears the first unit was just defective. Will post more when I get more hours on the unit. It is definitely nice to have the USB capability!12/8/2011 - updateI have been using the unit several hours a day since 11/15 with no problems. Having the flexibility to play CDs and mp3s off the USB is really a plus. The ability to erase tracks on the USB when a song doesn't fit my intended mix is a nice feature. I am changing the review from 3 to 4 stars based on the function of the replacement unit and Amazon's great customer service.
cdplayer_sony|this disc changer is awesome no problems what so ever, very clear sound and it doesn't even skip on CDs with minor scratches on them.
cdplayer_sony|My husband wanted this CD player for his birthday...because in addition to playing CDs it will also play music downloaded to his computer and then to the flash drive. Our old speakers arestill working great and now the new downloaded MP3 songs can also be played,as well as our special CDs that he has made over the years. Wonderful MP3 player alternative! We've had no problems with the CD player performing perfectly.
cdplayer_sony|I read some mixed reviews on this unit prior to buying, but I love mine. It works as it should and sounds great. There may be more high-end units out there that are better, but no one should be afraid to pick up this piece. It's sleek and works perfectly.
cdplayer_sony|I play my CDs quite a bit (average 2-3 hours per day) and have gone through five of these in seven years. They last about a year - maybe a little more if you get lucky. My last one lasted 8 months. Then the crazy thing just spins and spins and can't land on a song, be it one CD or five that I'm trying to play. I hadn't been able to find a good option to the SONY but I finally got a YAMAHA that I'm hoping will last longer. For me having a 5 CD player is important and there just aren't many choices out there.
cdplayer_sony|I had looked every place in my area to purchase a CD player that would hold 5 CDs and the only place I could locate one was at Best Buy. The price was $149.95 + 6% sales tax. This unit was a Sony CE500 and the same model I purchased from Amazon for $115.44. Thus I saved $43.50 and received the new unit in 3 or 4 days. It was extremely well packed and operates very well. I will always check Amazon before I buy locally in the future.
cdplayer_sony|The switchover from the old to the new CD changer was a no brainer. Everything worked well. The remote has many functions not on the front panel. The USB thumbdrive input is a handy bonus. I'm very satisfied with this Sony changer and would recommend it to anyone.
cdplayer_sony|The 5 CD player in an older Sony stereo system stopped working and I bought this unit to provide the same capability. I plugged it into the systems video input and it is working great. Wife says sound is as good as the original.
cdplayer_sony|This replacement CD player is user friendly and does everything and more than I would have expected. I am very sastisfied with it in all ways.
cdplayer_sony|Suffice it to say, if you want a player that will deliver the musical clarity an audio CD is capable of producing, you will probably have to be prepared to spend more. My old 5-disc carousel by RCA "froze," so I went searching for a new one(seems to be a dying species). This one doesn't come close to producing the same sound quality. I'll be continuing my search. On a positive note, it recognizes all the CDs (including MP3's) I load into the carousel, with no skipping (so far).
cdplayer_sony|Ease of setting up and using this replacement for our old Sony CD changer was a very pleasant surprise. In a short time we were loading and playing CD's and transfering tunes to a USB device for replay on the player and on our iPod. The instructions manual is simple and short, and the display is a very understandable. Good job, Sony!
cdplayer_sony|Recently replaced my Sony 5 disc player with this player.The old one, after 10 years was simply worn out.Love the new one. Upgraded now with a remote that, alongwith my Sony amp makes life simple.This setup is at my shop. So I simply load up 5 discs in themorning and let it rip!Free shipping took only 5 days!
cdplayer_sony|I needed a CD player to complete my system. (my old one bit the dust). Looked for weeks on-line and in stores. This one was reasonably priced and had the Amazon guarantee. A perfect fit to my system and an excellent buy.
cdplayer_sony|this an excellent machine for the money. for those still inn the dark ages who have hundreds of cds it really is greatSony CDP-CE500 Compact Disc Player
cdplayer_sony|Installed product and listened to several CD's. Was disappointed with the quality of the sound. The last Sony had decent sound whereas this one is OK if you're not really into to good sound. Yes it was not the most expensive of the players- you get what you paid for!
cdplayer_sony|Well, it's not my old Pioneer 6-pack, but it seems to perform pretty well. Was easy to set up, and plays just fine. I'm not crazy about the carousel .. I was used to 22 years of a 6-pack, which takes up way less space, and also includes an extra CD. Also, the shuffle of the Sony isn't what I would call shuffle. It will play two or three songs off the same CD before switching to another CD. My Pioneer changed to a different CD every song (that's what I call SHUFFLE!). Sooooooo ...... it's kind of like everything else these days ... it's OK, but not near as good as my old one!
cdplayer_sony|What can I say. It's quiet, reliable and well built. It hasn't had a skipped track or a hiccup from a low grade disk yet.I like the USB port on the front. As it turns out, that's the only digital input to my new system. I thought the receiver I would eventually get would have all that. I ended up buying a Sherwood RD-7405HDR that doesn't have a USB input so this one will come in handy.One disappointment would be the slow way it processes .mp3 disks. With ordinary music CD's there's no wait but .mp3 data disks have a large directory that must be found and read into memory before the music is available to play. I'm so used to the 57X CD ROM drives that I use in desktop computer systems that going back to the 1X rate stereo components use is a real drag. They play fine, the sound is great, just expect to do a little waiting the first time the unit reads a disk before it starts to play. The file and folder navagation is very easy and straightforward... once it loads:-)
cdplayer_sony|I read the reviews that said this hunk o' junk sucked right outta the box, but I bought it anyway. It's only $119 after all! I hadn't purchased a new CD player for a number of years, and I didn't know the going rate for them...(whiny tone of voice). But I learned as soon as I started playing it, you get what you pay for. Some CD's wouldn't read, but for the most part the biggest problem was they would play for a few seconds, then stop for a few seconds, than play for a few...well, you get the idea. Sony should be ashamed of itself for selling a hunk o' junk...read the headline for the rest. Don't buy this. Spend more and get more. Spend less and get this hunk o'...sorry for being repetitive. Thank you Amazon for your quick and efficient return and refund policy. Amazon's just a distributor, not the manufacturer. Sony, get it together folks, now!
cdplayer_sony|Love this Sony product. The only thing is the all black design makes the function keys a bit difficult to see/read.
cdplayer_sony|This CD player has great sound and is a good value. Several of my CDs that skipped badly on an older CD player play perfectly on this new unit. In addition, it can directly play MP3 files stored on at least some MP3 players using the superior sound qualities of this CD player instead of the amplifier circuit of the MP3 player as tapped through its earphone outlet. You access the MP3 player's memory through the USB port on this CD player. My Sandisk Sansa Clip+ MP3 player works great this way, and you can select individual folders or any MP3 file either from the MP3 player's internal memory storage or from the extra micro SDHC card memory that I added to this MP3 player.
cdplayer_sony|I wanted something to play the songs (each only one time) on my CD's in random order.The Sony CDP-CE500 did this and was reasonably priced. This player replaced an Onkyothat I had for several years which stopped doing this.
cdplayer_sony|Works great! It was a replacement for an old CD player. Arrived safely and quickly just in time to enjoy those Christmas CDs.
cdplayer_sony|I have never been disappointed with Sony. I wasn't with this item. It lived up to Sony's standards. What more can I say?
cdplayer_sony|a very good player for the money. some glitches with the flash drive but all in all lives up to my expectations
cdplayer_sony|I bought this as a gift for my neighbors along with a Sony receiver and set of Sony bookshelf speakers. The set was for their office which sits behind and between our two homes. This got five stars because of how well the set performs and sounds together. See my reviews on the receiver and speakers for more details.
cdplayer_sony|Of course, it's a Sony. I bought one for my sister for Christmas. Great price range. Works like a dream.
cdplayer_sony|Good size and good quality machine. Sound is good with our speakeers. Price was right. Glad we found it on-line.
cdplayer_sony|While I have only had this unit a short time (1 month), it works great so far. I like the function and features of the USB port to play your mp3 & wma files and to record from cd's to the USB in mp3 format. The only hiccup that I see is that in order to change cd's while playing another, you have to press a special button rather than the eject button. I suppose it's a technical issue in the design. Even that isn't too bad once you get used to it.
cdplayer_sony|After receiving the player, I discovered that none of the apple i-pods, i-phones, i-pads work when plugging them into the usb port. I got this message on the display &#34;Nosupport&#34;. When I chatted with support, they told me that the only device that would work in the CD player usb port is a flash drive (stick). As Apple has the largest market share for MP3 players, I was astounded to learn this. This was never mentioned on either the website or product documentation! I ended up having to purchase a adapter for about $40 dollars which plugs into your apple i-phone etc. and connects to your amplifier via an RCA cable. The product documentation only mentions that you need USB V1 or higher and that you need to have a FAT format. This is rather vague. To avoid future frustration and disappointment on the customers part, the documentation should be changed to include that fact that Apple is not supported. I'm sure that this will diminish sales of this Sony player,
cdplayer_sony|This item works as expected.A nice size for an entertainment unit shelf.Good price compared to similar players.Even played a CD that wouldn't play in other players and that wasn't recognized on a computer!
cdplayer_sony|This unit from Sony worked well right out of the box. Does a good job of exchanging discs so far as I have only owned it for a little over 2 months now. If you are an audiophile this may not be the unit for you but it does play and operate well for my purposes. Sound is nice and clear. A lot clearer than I expected out of my aging Kenwood speakers. Tried the USB option on this unit using a flash drive out of curiosity and it does well even though I doubt I will be using this option much since I bought it to play cds. Still a nice touch though for those who choose to play MP3s from a flash drive and copy tracks from disc to MP3 format on the flash drive. All in all a very good unit for the price.
cdplayer_sony|My husband and I purchased this cd player when our 20 year old Fisher unit failed. We had no trouble installing this player into our existing stackable unit. The sound quality is excellent, and the multiple player works quietly and smoothly. I would recommend it.
cdplayer_sony|I am very pleased with this unit which replaces a 20+ year old one I had. I especially like the MP3 capabilities and USB port too. An excellent unit for the price, you just cant beat it. Wish it had a 6 cd changer, but I can live with the 5. I recommend this item to anyone.
cdplayer_sony|Had a different Sony 5 disc changer for many years, and was incredibly disappointed when I finally wore it out. But my new Sony CDP-CE500 has me high on life again! It is as user friendly as my old one, which was my main concern. The quality is as expected...Fabulous. Being a little 'old school', I use CD's more than MP3, but it's nice to know I can incorporate all my downloaded songs from my Nano to this Sony Disc Changer anytime, fairly easily. Great product. Thanks Amazon for an excellent price & delivery time, and thanks Sony for an outstanding product.
cdplayer_sony|I must admit that I am still partial to the CE-375 and will have mine refurbished, but I am very pleased with the CE -500. For the price,it can't be beat;compared to others at a highter price tag, it also out-performs in several categories and "fits" very well in my home entertainment system. A very good buy and I am very happy with my purchase.
cdplayer_sony|I ordered the CD player through Amazon from The Shutterbug on one evening and was astounded to receive it the next day. Setup was very straight forward and it sounds fine with my VERY old Polk speakers and Yamaha receiver. Audio cords and batteries for the remote were included. It seems lighter weight than the Yamaha player it is replacing, but the price was great and it has more features. A flash drive can be plugged directly into the lower right front USB port. I played a lecture that was recorded on a no-name flash drive and was delighted how well it worked. I have not attempted to record music from a disk to a USB device so I can't address how well that works. I do like that the option is available.
cdplayer_sony|We needed a new CD player as ours died an honorable death. After reading several of the reviews citing problems ranging from difficulty setting up the CD to disc's skipping to poor quality sound and difficullt directions to follow, we decided to order the unit. Price and brand made our decision. We have not been disappointed. We loaded up the disc player and played it for hrs. Our unit played flawlessly for the first several days and continues to be problem free. It was a gamble and we won. Good luck to you.
cdplayer_sony|I have always had a 5 CD player and was dismayed when my unit of many years broke down. After reviewing options, I selected this Sony 5 CD player in its place. I have been enjoying the music...good sound, easy use (remote) and for the most part, everything that I was looking for in a replacement. I have it hooked up to my stereo using great speakers, so that makes the sound very enjoyable. I know there are not too many units of this nature around these days since most people load music into IPods. Anyone looking for ease of use and continuious music, will also feel this is an excellent product.
cdplayer_sony|I am very loyal to Sony. I always look to Amazon for my Sony products. I have not been dissappointed. This came very quickly in the mail, was packed very carefully and was super easy to set up. I have used it with both only one CD and with the carousel full and I've experenced no problems yet. I do not need "high tech" in my life, so this is perfect. It just plays my CDs!
cdplayer_sony|VERY nice unit on all fronts. Aesthetically pleasing. The front panel controls are very straight-forward with excellent features. You can change out CD's while one is still playing. Do you want to play disc # 2 ? Well, just press disc 2 on the panel and the unit goes to it automatically. Very professional and solid looking, like it belongs on a high-end entertainment system. And above all, great sound. Just connect power and RCA's, and you're done. Remote control is also very sensible with good features. Definitely recommend !
cdplayer_sony|I believed the other high ratings this machine received and was not disappointed! We have shopped for a new CD player and they don't exist in stores anymore. Have not used the USB port yet but we use our CD player everyday so it gets a lot of wear. If you are looking to replace an old machine, this works good and has a great price for folks with a modest budget.
cdplayer_sony|Excelente reproductor. El sonido es mejor que el Sony anterior que tenia. Ademas puedo grabar en pen drive mis cd.
cdplayer_sony|The Sony CDP-CE500 Compact disc player is exactly as described. Solid product. Easy to use and is exactly what we wanted.
cdplayer_sony|My old Sony cd changer died on me a week ago. Saw this one on Amazon and liked it mainly because it's a Sony and also because it was quite similar to my old one which was over 15 years old. This was super easy to connect, even to someone as technologically challenged as me. I played it for 5 hours straight today and had no problems. It shuts off automatically when it stops playing which is a great feature for me since I'm notorious for forgetting to turn it off. Haven't tried the USB port yet though. I thought the price was a bargain and even with the free shipping it only took 4 days to arrive.
cdplayer_sony|My 10 year old rca 5 disc player finally failed so the search started for a new unit. I havea sony 5 disc dvd player I have been very happy with so I started and stopped there. FirstAmazon had the best price, the unit arrived in just four days and double packed; great asusual. The cd player is great, easy to set up, just plug and play and the remote is soeasy to understand. The big plus is the usb port. I could not be more pleased with this unitIf it lasts 10 years like the old one it will just be icing on the cake. I would recommendthis to anyone looking for good value and features.
cdplayer_sony|Based on my previous experience with Sony as well as the number of good reviews,I purchased this unit to replace my 23 year old Sony five disc changer which has finally died. Sony, which has always stood for quality has aparently abandoned that principal completely. The first thing that I noticed when unboxing this unit is that it's built in Malaysia and not in Japan as my previous unit was. The packaging was fairly standard and arrived in good condition but unfortunately, that was the only good news. Within the first 5 minutes of playing it froze-up, skipped, popped, and generally refused to play. I tried 5 different discs and different tracks on those discs but all with the same result. I checked each of the discs and all were clean and undamaged and all of these played flawlessly on my previous player. To say that I'm disappointed with Sony would be a huge understatement. Thanks to Amazon for their exchange policy as this one is going back.
cdplayer_sony|no manual came with it...I had to go online to order one...it cost me 5.99..should neve had happened!! I am dissapointed!
cdplayer_sony|this player does all the things my old one did and more. this is my third Sony cd player and it does a fine job.
cdplayer_sony|I really had to hunt to find out that yes this was indeed a carousel type changer. I had to get the info from the Sony website. I hav eno idea why they don't put it in the description here.Anyway, it works great. The sound issues that other describe may depend on what kind of receiver/amplifier it is hooked up to as well as what kind of speakers. i find th sound acceptable, but I am one of those persons who knows that digital music does not sound as good as analog music and i can hear the difference, so I did not expect much from a player where all the playback was digital. You just can't get a good "live" sound with digital music.Digital is better and more cost efficient for those who produce music and video, but it many ways it falls short of the quality we had with analog.I find the USB port to be the best feature though. I lead music onto a flash drive and use the USB port for playback as there is no difference in sound quality and it is easier on the moving parts of the disc changer as it is less wear and tear on moving parts.As one last note. With any electronic device from TVs, computers, or even small kitchen appliances, it is a good rule to always keep the receipt, box and packing materials for at least 30 days. If there is a defect in electronic devices, it will become apparent 99% of the time within the first 30 days.If it seems that virtually every item you look at has some bad reviews, tht is because of supply side economics where the huge international mega-corporations have cut quality control to increase profits. In my opinion, you cannot find a company that is worth of a five star rating and this will not change until we go back to an economic system driven by demand instead of supply side (trickle down)economics, which started back in the Reagan era. It has led to less competition, less selection and poorer quality and more expensive items, no matter what you are looking to buy.
cdplayer_sony|Bought as a present for my parents and shipped (very quickly) to my brother for dleivery and set-up. My mother was very pleased with the player.
cdplayer_sony|It is a step down in terms of buttons and whistles from my previous Sony CD player, which was about the same price. But it is fine for the way I use it.It does exqactly what I want - it plays CDs. The feature I like (new to me) is the auto shut off, which past CD players did not have.theg
cdplayer_sony|I purchased the Sony unit to replace an 18 year old 5 disk changer . The Sony is lighter and smoother in operation than my previous player. The unit also has a power down feature which is helpful if you forget to shut off your player , The 5 disk turntable is smooth in operation ,but the CD's are a little difficult to remove from the turntable type tray.
cdplayer_sony|This was a replacement for an older Sony model. This one has more features and cost me less!I was not too happy with packaging, but was intact when received.
cdplayer_sony|After a long search and price-comparing for a new player I can honestly say that this purchase was a wonderful buy. Easy to use and set up. A perfect replacement to the combination of my other pieces. I love Sony anyway!
cdplayer_sony|My Sony 5 disc CD player that I had for at least 10 plus years finaly died I had to get a new one, I look on line at others that were either cheaper or more money. I knew what I got with my older unit and decide to stick with the same unit. Of course the new unit is upgraded to todays standards, easy to use remote, the sounds that comes out of the cd's are nice n clear, just hook up your cables and play, it is that easy to set up.
cdplayer_sony|I found this CD player to be very easy to install, less than 5 minutes, and the sound is terrific. But what was best was the reasonable price!
cdplayer_sony|This 5 disc CD player came well packed and delivery time was quick. Unfortunatley the player did not work. After connecting it to my system I powered it up only to have it oepn slowly and very noisily and then not able to close again. The unit would not open and close so I am not able to advise as to the quality of play back. I used to buy nothing but Sony, last 10 years I have not, now after giving them one more try I do not think I will consider them in the future for any product. Sorry Sony, what happened to you?
cdplayer_sony|Bought this to replace an 18 year old (yes, 18 years) Panasonic 5-disc player. The first thing that I noticed when I opened the box was that this thing is BIG!! Check the specs and make sure it fits your entertainment center. It is much wider and deeper than our old Panasonic. The other thing I noticed right away was how noisy the disc tray motor was. Wow, nasty. I am keeping the packaging in case it doesn't last through the 1 yr warranty period.... Other than that, it works well and music sounds great.
cdplayer_sony|I recently needed to replace a Sony 5 disc CD player (mine was about 15 years old) and had no problem making the decision to upgrade to a newer version of the same produce that lastest a good many years and had great Quality. I was not disappointed. The new one has some features that I really love, disc change while playing music, a remote control that allows shuffle, repeat, pause on/off etc for ease I haven't tried the MP3 player yet, but it's a good feature to have. I opt to play the discs on the player because I think they sound better than MP3's, so it defeats the purpose to me to change my disc player into an ipod. I have one of those already. Sony is a great product and this is a great CD player, I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a high quality low priced unit.
cdplayer_sony|Very reasonably priced. Sony's the best. Sound is excellent. Easy to operate and dependable. Easy to order. Shipped quick. Highly recommend this site.
cdplayer_sony|Very well priced machine. Works great too! Is a little noisy, especially opening and closing the tray. Wish the buttons were marked better or were not so dark. Hard to see them unless in perfect light. Overall though, a very good machine and I do not regret purchasing it.
cdplayer_sony|The first one only worked for about 14 minutes. They were fantastic about taking it back and getting a new one out to me quickly. Just hooked it up (easy)and it is working great!
cdplayer_sony|I am more than happy to once more have a mulitple disc changer. This replaces an 18 year old Sony. The USB port is great for playing downloaded music and my CDs sound much better than when I played them on my DVD player. The negatives are when the player rotates to new discs, it makes a lot more noise than my old unit. It's like a semi truck changing gears going up hill. My other complaint is the programming option. Even when programmed tunes appear consecutively on the CD, there is a very noticeable pause between tracks. This also occurs when playing tracks via the USB port. These are 2 features that I assumed would have improved in the last 18 years.
cdplayer_sony|After my 20 yr old CD player died I looked for a new one. Almost no retailer carries these items anymore. I cheked with Amazon, bought this Sony 5 CD changer and it arrived in 3 days. I have a high end stereo system and the CD player it replaced was 8 times the cost of this new Sony. Needless to say, the new el cheapo sounds much better than the old expensive one. Go figure. .
cdplayer_sony|UPDATE 9/8/12After a month the replacement unit is still working flawlessly! I use it everyday, night and day. So, it is a great value for a component CD player with a lot of extras. Today, I bought a Sherwood stereo amp to go with it, since my old stereo amp bought in 1997 finally broke.The first CD player was defective out of the box! Skips while playing an audio CD.Ordered a replacement from Amazon, and the replacement works great. Have played CD about a week flawlessly!I owned a similar Sony player purchased in 2009, and it worked great and I played CDs about 4 hours a day, 7 days a week without problems.Clearly Sony has quality issues with this unit, as other reviewer had similar issue with skipping while playing audio CDs. But, if you get one that works correctly it is a great deal.I cannot recommend it, as a long time Sony user, I am disappointed in their new product quality.
cdplayer_sony|Unfortunate that some reviewers have had problems with this. I replaced my 12 year old JVC that has served me well. In fact the JVC is STILL working just fine, but I wanted to have the optical input so upgraded to the Sony. Noticeable difference in sound from analog ! The Sony is noisy and slow, but not too much different from JVC. For the price the Sony works as expected. Paired up with my new Yamaha Aventage receiver the Sony is great. Was gonna by a Yamaha CD player but don't need to pay 150 to 200 or 300 bucks for more bells and whistles that I don't need.
cdplayer_sony|After our Denon went downhill, skipping discs and becoming all but unplayable, we decided to buy this unit. It is very difficult to find a multi-disc player and this one is very economical. So far (4 months)this unit has been great. The remote allows you to never press buttons on the unit, and normal CD operation works well. For the short time that I used it, the random disc play worked well, a feature that on many CD players works for a few songs but then gets stuck on one CD. Since I started using the flash drive play feature, though, that is where I play variety play lists. This feature works very well, and "shuffle" mode using the flash drive allows you to play music for extended periods of time. One feature I have not successfully executed is switching between multiple folders on the flash drive. This would allow each folder to have different genres of music, for different events or audiences. CD and Flash drive sound is just fine, as I play them through a pair of servicable Klipsch bookshelf speakers. If I get 2 years use from this unit I will be happy. Just hope I can buy another at that time.
cdplayer_sony|I received this CD Changer yesterday and have put it through enough tests to give a 100% recommendation for acquiring this particular model! I managed to get it working as soon as I had taken it out of the box and hooked it to my receiver. Normally I am a bit of a klutz when it comes to setting up hi-fi equipment, but in this case I have had experience with several previous generations of Sony CD changers and I had looked at the manual online before I even ordered the unit! So in no time at all I played a commercial CD on it, a CD-R and the flash drive as well! So far the player is producing beautiful sounds thru the optical digital connection to my receiver. I highly recommend using the optical digital connection and if your particular receiver does NOT have one, I would strongly recommend getting a new receiver with a digital optical input. I am NOT getting into the argument over digital vs. analog sound, but surely most of you would agree that a digital optical connection sounds better (sounds brighter to my ears!) than the standard patch cords(left and right audio cables) when playing CDS. Obviously the main attraction of this unit is the ability to play off of a computer flash drive. As I am typing this I am listening to a flash drive which I inserted into the front of the player and it contains over 1,000 tracks! That is easily 50 hours of pure musical pleasure and believe it or not I can set it to repeat indefintely! Obviously for a rainy or snowy afternoon, or maybe even a lazy morning I can just sit in my easy chair and listen to my favorite artists or bands! And yes the CD player does display the song title, artist and album title with a few exceptions. At the very least it seems to always produce the song title and sometimes the artist may not be identified. But all in all, the ability to play off of a flash drive seems to be a revolutionary step forward in enjoying a CD player! I also like the fact that I am NOT tethered to a computer in order to play my music. I love computers but there are times I just want to listen to music and read(newspaper, book, magazine,or even a Kindle!) or have a pleasant conversation with my wife. I like listening to music a great deal of the time and even if it is just background music it keeps me in a pleasant mood! One more thing I should add is that previous Sony CD Changers did NOT have the ability to play MP3 files thru the optical audio connection. This was a bit frustrating for me but now I can listen to CDs, CD-Rs & MP3s thru the optical digital connection! My cup runneth over! The changer also has the exchange function(unload and reload up to 4 CDs while still playing a CD) which is great and the remote seems to work very well indeed! About the only thing missing is a headphone jack, but one could always attach the headphone to the receiver of course. Honestly this is the very best CD player that I have ever owned, and for the ridiculous low retail price is a no-brainer as far as deciding to purchase one! And finally please note that you have the ability to delete tracks off of your flash drive while it is connected to the player and in my opinion that is wonderful! You can banish any and all offending tunes if you so desire! Sony used to have a similar function on their CD megachangers a few years ago and then did away with that particular function, but now in a sense it is back!! There are other functions obviously like programming tunes,shuffle play,etc. I would strongly recommend this unit to anyone. My only problem is what am I going to do with my old CD changers?!? P.S. I have only listened to my unit for a few hours but hopefully it will keep going strong and I will enjoy it for many years to come! Kudos to Sony for designing this model and at a reasonable price! Just wish that the Amazon deliveryman could find my doorbell. It would be most appreciated!!!Richard Pearson
cdplayer_sony|I have read the reviews of this player and it is a very poplular CD Player. I look forward to using it. I wrote an "unfair" review based on my lack of skills in setting the machine up AND more important the star system for evaluations. I do apologize to any one who may have read what I wrote. It was not my intention to lower the rating of this player.
cdplayer_sony|The cd player works great, recognizes all my discs, store bought or burned, it plays them all. The usb port is the great part of this product. I can load up a 16 gig flash drive, and not hear the same song for weeks.
cdplayer_sony|We selected this cd player to replace our 20 year old Sony 5 cd player. We have had good experience with Sony products in the past and were confident that we'd get good performance from this machine. However, that was not the case. Right out of the box we had trouble with the player skipping on the first track of any cd we put in the player. I experimented with 10 different cd's just to be sure I did not have a damaged cd. Same result with all of them. Once the player began tracking, it would usually be ok, but it ALWAYS skipped and stuttered on the first track, which seemed to indicate the laser was not 'parking' itself correctly when it finished playing.I do want to compliment J&R Music and Computer World. They gave me a full refund of the price and the cost of shipping the product back to them. No hassles. I think Sony simply didn't get this put together right but that is not the vendor's fault. I would do business with J &R again but my confidence in Sony is shaken a bit.
cdplayer_sony|Our 20+ year old cd changer had started skipping a lot and we knew it was just a matter of time. I'd been looking for a couple of years for a new one and didn't need a lot of bells and whistles, but everything seemed overpriced, too large, or some way or another unsuitable. This year, I noticed most similar items had been put into circulation around 10 years ago.Therefore, I was very pleased to find this new player with flash drive capability, as well as optical capability, which was just released in early 2011. I was a little fearful, as a couple of people mentioned poor sound. However, I have found the sound to be excellent, and have even heard some deeper tones I've never heard from my Bose wave system before. I find the sound clear and full, and probably better than the quality changer it replaced.We've had this for two weeks and have really enjoyed using the flash drive as it was very simple to transfer songs to it from my iTunes folder on my computer. This keeps the song titles intact, even though it didn't transfer artist names. I was simply happy I could get the titles without messing around with separate software. I can keep adding to it at my leisure. When my CD's run out, I can easily switch to the flash drive for more hours of music. The manual makes it sound difficult to search for and play specific tracks on the flash drive, but it really isn't. You do, however, have to search through each track one by one with the flash player to find a particular track, but of course with the CD player you can go directly to a specific track on any CD at any time.I was really happy I could still use my old RCA connectors and not have to be a tech genius in order to install it. Just switch out the old RCA connectors, hook up the power and voila! It's also nice to know that if I upgrade my amplifier system to newer technology, this Sony has optical capabilities, so hopefully I wouldn't have to replace my entire system.I find programming tracks too time consuming to bother with, but it is nice to have this feature available. Of course, one can simply use the shuffle function to quickly rearrange playback, and that's something I probably will use.All in all, great player at any price, easy to use, and fills my home with beautiful music. Arrived in four business days, even with Super Saver shipping. Gotta love that Amazon!
cdplayer_sony|The item is defective. As noted by a previous reviewer, the player stops in the middle of tracks and restarts minutes later and skips some discs and tracks randomly. It has trouble with CDR, is almost useless with MP3-CD, and even has problems with authentic CDs. I do have the option of paying for shipping and insurance to return the item (thank you J&R Music), but given the low price might as well save the hassle and donate to charity. As you would expect the tinny sound is not at the level of my Cambridge single CD. I was replacing a 15 year old Yamaha and will now purchase a 5CD Yamaha as replacement. I hate "you get what you pay for", but you don't even get that with this item.
cdplayer_sony|It is unfortunate that Sony has only one model for a 5 Disc CD Player. This model certainly lacks the superior performance/features of my old Sony CDP-C445, however for the price it is a good CD player. The CDP-CE500 is a basic model, however the ability to play MP3 files from CD or USB port are a welcome feature. I find that this player could play a certain MP3 file (downloaded from internet) that could not be played on my Philips DVD player. One can also record from Disc to USB, however I have not yet tried this. I find the audio sound quality good and clean. I also have had no problems with the CDs slipping out of the tray due to the fact that the CD tray seems more recessed than my previous Sony CD player. The major limits I see with this player are as follows: It is noisy when it rotates/ejects discs. It takes about 8 seconds for the palyer to read discs before playing. I very much miss a calendar display of the CD disc on the display panel. The Continue/Shuffle/Program modes can only be accomplished using the remote control. I think the real negative for me regarding this player is that one must stop the player to change play modes or to change the disc that the machine is playing (from Disc 1 to Disc 3 for example). I have had the player for 5 months now with no problems. If you are looking for something to play CDs and you don't care about the extra features this CD Player should be worth considering.
cdplayer_sony|CD Players have been around for awhile. I like this CD Player, nothing fancy, not really anything that could be better, music sounds good..
cdplayer_sony|The audio quality is excellent, as one expects from Sony. To control, however, the various CD player features requires keeping the operating manual handy. The manual itself is not logically arranged and a disaster.
cdplayer_sony|This CD player has great sound and has performed flawlessly so far. I am replacing a twenty five year old Sony CD player with another Sony.
cdplayer_sony|Some of the comments of audiophiles among these reviews had made me wary of this model, but after four months I can say that it has performed excellently with no mechanical or audio problems after 4 months of use.The sound quality of both commercial and self-created CDs is excellent. This unit sounds way better than the DVD player I had been using to play CDs, and also better than the older Philips CD player I had before that. A true audiophile could probably point out problems in the quality of my CD playbacks, but I don't have any complaints.
cdplayer_sony|I was looking forward to a dependable item, given the Brand name and the company Reputationn. The order was placedon February 17th and recieved shortly therafter in good shape. It was installed by me in a church, a simple process of pluging connection lines from the unit to the mixer. It performed well for about two months and then started to work intermittantly just before the Easter weekend. The choir director had to go home and bring in her own CD player for the Easter Sunday service. I am requesting a return authorization.Sony CDP-CE375 5-Disc Carousel-Style CD Changer
cdplayer_sony|I ordered this Sony deck for my father-in-law thinking it was a safe bet that it would perform well. It started skipping after about thirty minutes of playing time. All the CD's (factory titles-not CD-R's) I tried skipped. I have had good service from other Sony gear, but can't recommend this CD changer.
cdplayer_sony|I had a radio/5 disc player and it finally quit working. I was in a panic to find another 5 disc player. I checked local stores and a friend had bought this one at a Best Buy store. I went on Amazon, found the same player for considerably less than she had paid, checked the reviews - some said the sound wasn't as good as they wanted, but I'm old and (some say 'tone deaf') and it sounds GREAT to me. I LOVE it and love being able to have the music I want to listen to all day.
cdplayer_sony|The good news is that this is still working after almost a year. But this is a surprisingly poor design from Sony. The face is cluttered and it's all black on black so it's impossible to read the buttons without a flashlight. I didn't realize it when I ordered it but my last player (not Sony) had buttons that lit up so much easier to use. Also, it is much noisier than my last player when the tray is switching to a new CD. This makes when I can only describe as a rattling noise. Plays okay but overall feels cheap.
cdplayer_sony|I bought two Sony CDP-CE500 CD players, attempting to replace an old Sony CDP-CE315 that had suffered a mechanical failure after long and faithful service.The first one I bought new. Playback from the USB drive did not work: it skipped in the middle of songs. This was a problem with more than one USB drive. So I returned that one. Amazon did not have any new ones in stock at that time, so I could not get a new replacement. Instead, I ordered a used one from Warehouse Deals. That was obviously a return that they were reselling. That one had a problem with skipping on CDs, so I returned it as well.At that point I gave up and bought an old CDP-CE335 from a well-known online auction site for about half the price of a CDP-CE500. I am very happy with it. It doesn't have a USB drive but I have other ways to play computer files. It has a nice rotary control to select tracks, which I really like, and which is much more convenient than the arrow buttons on the CDP-CE500. The CDP-CE335 has bigger buttons, and buttons for more functions on the unit itself, than does the CDP-CE500. With the CDP-CE500 you are forced to use the remote control for some things.My impression therefore is that the quality of this line of Sony CD players has definitely gone downhill, both in design and in function. The two I received had problems with their most basic operations. The CDP-CE500 does have USB playback (if it works) which older models did not. But the USB port is a little bit inconvenient anyway: your flash drive will be sticking right out the front of your player, getting in the way, and liable to damage if it gets knocked.Bottom line: If you get one that works, this may be fine, but it's not as easy to use as older models, and there seems to be a good chance you'll have problems with it.
cdplayer_sony|I love my new Sony cd player. I saw the exact same one at Best Buy for $149, and I got mine for $115. Thank you.
cdplayer_sony|I bought 1 such item. I love it so much that now I am buying a second one. Fantastic quality and good price.
cdplayer_sony|Finally had to replace my old Optimus CD Player from 1998.This one works so GREAT and sounds really, really good.These players are getting to be a challenge to find since the world is going away from CD's.I have a BIG collection and can't bear to NOT hear my all time favorites.Plugged it in to power and hooked up the Line In/Out cord and was rocking to the oldies instantly.Glad I bought this and in spite of POOR packaging by Amazon and ROUGH handling by UPS, it made it to me in one piece and luckily, undamaged.I look forward to many, many years of dependable service from this SONY product.This was a GOOD purchase and YES, I would recommend it to a friend.
cdplayer_sony|Good value for the money. So far so good. Works great and just what we wanted for the right price.
cdplayer_sony|If you tend to pause your CD player and walk away from it DO NOT buy this unit. Sony incorporated an "auto standby" feature which I guess was intended to lighten up your electric bill. Unlike the traditional standby where you wake it up and return to where you left off, this baby shuts down. You then must turn it on thereby losing any programing you may have had or the track you were listening to. Other than that, it seems to play well. I thought I had upgraded from an older unit, but I soon found out I had downgraded.
cdplayer_sony|Like most people, most of my music is in digital format now. But if you're looking for something that can play music from a flash drive but is there in case you want to whip out your old CDs this will do the trick. It is a little slow when you're playing 5 disc on random but the sound quality is fine.
cdplayer_sony|Whether it's to replace an ailing player in your current system or serve as a multidisc source device in a modest new setup, if what you want is a carousel-type CD changer, just buy this thing. Yes, the thing is big and clunky. Yes, the thing is cheaply made. (What do you want for $100?) But here's the thing: it is an amazingly good-sounding CD player... and I know what I'm talking about.No, it's not going to blow away your high-end $10,000 CD playback system. But it's much better than it has any right to be. The USB thing is a bonus.Just buy it. Better yet, buy three of them and stash two if you're the type who worries about what the future will bring.
cdplayer_sony|onlt had it a few weeks and it has played a number of cds and music from a flash drive perfectly.while I'm sure there are a lot of features this unit doesn't have,for 100 bucks its a great buy.
cdplayer_sony|I bought this for a relative. I connected it to a TV to be used in the bedroom. I tested it out to see that it worked but have not used it since installation. The product seemed to be fine for the intended purpose.
cdplayer_sony|Easy to set up and works just fine. Nice to have a changer that does not skip and plays all my collection. Nice crisp sound and easy to use. I like this new part of my system.
cdplayer_sony|I bought this CD changer to replace an older Sony 5-disk that I originally bought in 1995. This unit looks very similar and integrated great into the system. The old 18 year old CD Remote even works with the new system!I haven't tried the USB-MP3 capability, but I have no reason to doubt it would work as advertised. Amazon shipped it promptly and was undamaged.
cdplayer_sony|I like the product it met my expectations, works well. I like the USB feature gives me the ability to customize plays.
cdplayer_sony|This Disc Player replaced the older version which I have used for years. The addition of a USB port is a great update and allows for another option for my music collection.
cdplayer_sony|It was just the perfect product we need. Our old one broke and this was an excellent replacement. It functions as described. I shopped around and this was properly priced.
cdplayer_sony|Product arrived on time and in perfect condition. In five minutes we had the old failing CD player out and this one in its place. No problems at all. Time will tell if the player holds up for many years (as did the Kenwood CD changer we replaced), but so far very happy with the purchase.
cdplayer_sony|My old Sony finally stopped working after 24 years of use. this new one is very similar. Works very well. Only bad thing is it makes more noise when changing to another CD. Otherwise very happy with it. Very good price and it shipped quickly. Would definitely recommend the unit and the seller.
cdplayer_sony|rec'd within 2 days - wow! and it works properly - i haven't tried the usb music delivery yet, but will use for various downloaded mp3s. i was looking for a inexpensive replacement for a old jvc that finally played out - thus far, i am pleased with this unit.
cdplayer_sony|Reasonably priced, good quality sound and has all the features I wanted. Haven't had it long enough to rate its durability.
cdplayer_sony|I bought this to replace my ONYX CD changer that failed. This equipment sounds beautiful. I am 100% happy with this purchase. I recommend this if you are looking for a CD changer.
cdplayer_sony|Great line of products and right price and great selecton. Thank alot for a great product which I really wanted.
cdplayer_sony|Husband very pleased with CD Disc Player. Ease of use is what he requires which is what it is. Came quickly and he was all set up in a matter of minutes. Great deal.
cdplayer_sony|I was looking for a multi disk player that would play MP3 disks and shuffle. This works great but it also has a USB port. So I mostly use the USB to play my MP3s and it will shuffle the whole stick.
cdplayer_sony|The player arrived on time & in good condition. So far it works fine. The random suffle is kind of slow & noisey
cdplayer_sony|Needed to replace my older CD player, still really like playing CD's, (versus having them copied onto a computer). Like that it holds 5 CD's, plays many formats, can write directly to a USB thumb drive and will easily play a USB drive in mp3 format. (I used that feature to play a friends copy of Alice's Restaurant on Thanksgiving!) Great unit!
cdplayer_sony|I love the disc the fact that is so smooth and fast to operate. You don't hear skips and the transition to another is fast too. Great Product!
cdplayer_sony|This is exactly what I needed. Not an expensive hi-fi, but plays well and holds 5 discs. Haven't had any problems with it. I would recommend it.
cdplayer_sony|Opened and unpacked and installed it 15 minutes. It replaced a unit same size and style.(not Sony). Worked well all is fine...
cdplayer_sony|This is exactly what we were looking for to replace our old CD carousel player -- also a Sony. There are very few to choose from anymore; and we were pleased to find this one on Amazon -- and at a price significantly lower than expected. It works great; and we have had no problems with it at all.
cdplayer_sony|We replaced one we already had with this CD. Player. Excellent choice. I would recommend it highly to anyone loooking for a quality CD player.
cdplayer_sony|We needed this product for the holiday season..we love to have music on all day and this 5 cd changer is perfect for that. Easy to use!! Recommend purchasing if considering one....
cdplayer_sony|Using it and happy with it. Would recommend it to any of my friends or relatives. Really worth buying it
cdplayer_sony|I purchased this product to allow the shuffling of 5 CDs at one time which is not an option on newer music/video models that accept mulitple media types. This product performs as advertised. Great!
cdplayer_sony|I was worried that it wouldn't work, or that I would not be able to set it up correctly (I tend to be electronically challenged), but everything works exactly as it should. I love Sony products!!
cdplayer_sony|The sound reproduction is much better than what I get from DVD or Blu-Ray players. You will hear the difference.
cdplayer_sony|This is perfect replacement......offered at a good price....and I received a quick shipment. Many thanks! OK OK OK OK oK
cdplayer_sony|Great replacement for another SONY product I had - has the CD changer which I wanted and is tough to find!
cdplayer_sony|Replaced my old Denon DCD 1500 II which died after 30 years of use.Works well, sounds great. Just wish it had volume control on remote.
cdplayer_sony|Ordered as a gift. Got the unit out of the box and hooked up to our stereo system. Carousel mechanism worked fine. When playing a disc, sound reproduction was really terrible. Tried all five disc positions and reproduction was bad on all of our audiophile CDs. Packed it up and sent it back to Amazon.Very disappointed with the quality that SONY has been putting out.
cdplayer_sony|This is a great player. Some will say that it reads discs slowly. Some will say that it is noisy. I say this player does what it is supposed to do. I bought this to replace a JVC Player that I had for 23 years, and I wasn't looking for a multi-disc player when I bought this one. The multiple disc option is nice. What does this player do, well it (1) allows you to play more than one disc at a time, (2) has a remote control, (3) it plays mp3 discs and it will play files from a USB drive, (4) it allows you to listen to a disc at the same time you are changing out a disc, and (5) (my favorite thing) you can program different songs to listen to from all 5 discs if you want. The price was good and works good. I like it.
cdplayer_sony|My ancient Pioneer CD player went South a couple of months back and I've been looking for a replacement ever since but didn't find one until now.With the ability to take all the songs of my vinyl records and CD's and convert them all to MP3's makes it that much more convenient to play my music. I must have had hundreds of 45 rpm and several 78's vinyl records that I eventually converted to MP3's as well as some CD's.I must admit that in my younger years, vinyl records sounded better than the CD's and certainly the MP3's. But now that I'm in my 70's, my ears are not as critical as to the quality of the music coming out of my player.Anywho, all I wanted was a replacement for my Pioneer CD player and to my surprise this comes with a USB input as well and it works quite well ... Thank You!As it turns out I'm playing more MP3 music than CD's .. so therefore I have ordered a couple more USB devices. LOL!SO FAR ... I LOVE IT!
cdplayer_sony|I have enjoyed my 5 disc player very much. Quality is what I expected from Sony (excellent) and it operates and plays very well. I am most pleased.
cdplayer_sony|Had almost given up on replacing my old Sony CD player. Stores looked at me like I had 3 heads when I asked for one.Checked the Sony web-site, knew they were available. Found the item and price on Amazon. Perfect for me, I have lots of old CD's that I like to listen to and touch,
cdplayer_sony|Awesome CD player especially for the price. Holds five discs and shuffles from disc to disc, not only the tracks.Definitely will recomend to others!!!
cdplayer_sony|I love my sony cdp-ce500 compact disc player,because i have only own sony product.this is my second cd player i have ownand it meet and succed it expection.
cdplayer_sony|this was a great machine and the price was one of the best on the internet !!! you can't do wrong here. there were a few a bit cheaper, but it was worth the extra couple dollars to deal with these people !!! i'd go back again
cdplayer_sony|All I hoped for ! Would recommend it to a friend... Easy for a senoir citizen to use !!! A.O.K.
cdplayer_sony|I haven't used this player much yet, but so far it seems to work as it's supposed to. I like the fact that it will play mp3's from a flash drive as well as up to five CD's at a time. I hope it hangs in here with me for many years!
cdplayer_sony|I bought this player to replace the system I had. I'm using my old speakers . the real problem is that I didn't know I was going to have to now buy an amplifier to use the player. For the price I felt it should have been ready to play. I am going to have to send it back or buy another device to play it so it better be the best sound I've ever heard.
cdplayer_sony|All I wanted was a cd player that I could plug in and use. This is not it. I got the speakers recommended by Amazon for this model and they don't work. Nowhere did it say I needed to get active speakers. Why on earth were passive speakers recommended. Now I need to get an amp.I got &#34;help&#34; from Amazom customer service. Right. The help consisted of listening to me describe the issue and send me a replacement disc player. Guess what!!!???!!! It still needs an amp or active speakers to work!Hate it and , right now, I hate Amazon. It's February and I still can't listen to a cd.
cdplayer_sony|Well, maybe it was in the fine print somewhere and I missed it but this "Disc Player" can't play anything without an amplifier and speakers. It is not a self-containted player as I wanted.
cdplayer_sony|I haven't had a chance to use my player as it requires an amplifier, which as far as I can see is not specified anywhere in the product description. All I wanted was a simple multi-disc CD player without a bloody iPod dock, which is apparently impossible and now I'm stuck shelling out more money either to send it back or to buy the amplifier.
cdplayer_sony|This DVD player does a great job of playing DVDs. It seems to be able to play DVDs that would not play on our old player. The internet / Wi-Fi capability makes it really nice for playing internet radio stations like Pandora. It is easy to connect to our AV Receiver. All in all, we are very satisfied with this unit.
cdplayer_sony|Sony CDP-CE500 Compact Disc PlayerSony Compact Disc was everything I expected it to be.No problems with the packaging, shipping or set-up.Product arrived earlier in the window of days it was estimated to take.I'm quite pleased with Amazon and Sony products.
cdplayer_sony|This CD changer was the perfect solution for me. I already had a Sony mini-stereo that worked and had dual cassette players and everything worked perfectly except the 3-CD changer. I didn't want to have to discard a perfectly good stero with great sounding speakers just to buy a whole new set. The Sony CD changer sounds great!
cdplayer_sony|Im not happy with this player cd's go in and out ,there is nothing wrong with my cd's because they play in any other cd player perfect. If this keeps going I send it back
cdplayer_sony|My friend and I set up player and tried to play both new and old cds. Terrible! All cds tried worked fine on a friends' player. Sent back and still waiting for my refund.
cdplayer_sony|Liviano, compacto, Funciones basicas. Para mi gusto, muy pocos botones. Siempre se debe tener el control remoto en la mano. Yo detesto eso. El sonido es mas que aceptable.
cdplayer_sony|Loads movies very slowly, especially if they are blu-ray. Sometimes it just 'locks up' and won't function at all. I have to hold the power button in until I &#34;force&#34; it to shut off. Then I start it up and try again. Tedious. Ready to eject your movie? Even THAT takes longer than it should. Push the button and wait...and wait...and wait. Why? I do have it connected to the internet to get firmware updates, but those haven't made the unit function any better. And then there is the remote control. The red lettering on the black background is very difficult to see and trying to determine what button controls which function is an exercise in frustration and futility. Lest you think I'm a &#34;Sony Hater&#34;, I have a different Sony Blu-ray on another TV and it has been great AND the remote control for it is much better labeled and laid out. Why is THIS machine so much worse? Not sure. But you've been warned. Find something else...
cdplayer_sony|I needed this player to play CDs to accompany church singing. It does what I need. Though, when a parishioner tilted the player, a disc fell out of the carousel and I had to take the whole thing apart. But it now works fine.
cdplayer_sony|I bought this CD player thinking it was a wholly contained unit with speakers to use in our kitchen. Luckily, my stereo needed a CD player component. I connected it to my stereo system and it works great. I am happy with it, but I am still shopping for a CD player for our kitchen.
cdplayer_sony|The description of this item led me to believe it was both a CD player and a player. I was disappointed in the item when I discovered it was only a changer and did not, in fact, play the CDs. Adding to that, this unit is not equipped withpower &#34;out&#34; ports so that more equipment can be connected, further limiting ways one could utilize this unit. For the price ($125) I was just about sick. Fortunately, I quickly sent the item back and was credited with a full refund including shipping.
cdplayer_sony|IT' OK Y DO I HAVE TO PUT IN WYE I LIKE IT OR DON'T LIKE IT IT' OK OK
cdplayer_sony|I bought this as a gift with a Bose speaker system and it is perfect... Let you put your compact disk and plug your USB memory.I love it
cdplayer_sony|I purchased this receiver as a replacement for a previous Sony receiver that I owned. This replacement is okay, but does not see to offer all the extra features of the receiver that I had owned.
cdplayer_sony|We didn't keep this product because wanted to have the DVD option as well. But I bet this would have been a good product as it is a Sony and we trust Sony's products.
cdplayer_sony|I read reviews and the product description,both stating this plays Windows Media files.I have not found that to be true.I already owned a perfectly good cd player that wouldn't play them so it didn't solve that problem.It does play MP3 files,so that helps some.Most of my music is in Windows Media files however,so this was an unnecessary purchase.
cdplayer_sony|I needed a way to connect with my router for Netflicks. This does it and more......The dialog says I need to ad four more words......
cdplayer_sony|This product met my expectations. It is easy to use and I am able to listen to my favoirte music for lon gperiods of time.
cdplayer_sony|I purchased this CD Player is a replacemnt for an earlier Sony model that I had for several years. It's too early to tell about reliability/longevity, but the performance is excellent to date.
cdplayer_sony|This is the best $99 I have spent in a long time. It sounds as good as my high-end NAD player and flawlessly plays through CDs that used to skip on my Sony ES series 5 disc player. Couldn't be happier with my purchase.
cdplayer_sony|The CDP-CE500 lacked some of the features that I was accustomed to. The remote control was not the easiest to use.
cdplayer_sony|I only just purchased this so it's too early to give it a 5 star rating. I would need time to determine its reliability.
cdplayer_sony|CD changer does all expected of it. A downside is the thickness of the device; the changer it replaced was a 6 CD changer and fully an inch thinner.
cdplayer_sony|We're very happy with this purchase. Great quality. This CD Player stays inside and is so compatible with a wireless speaker that we use outside by our pool. Would recommend to anyone.
cdplayer_sony|Bought it to replace a 5 cd sony changer that my family has had for more than 10 years and had finally stopped reading disks or something.
cdplayer_sony|When I first saw this changer in Best Buy, I really liked it.I read the reviews on Amazon and it sounded great.Price was great to. Until I got one from Amazon. I bought new and it looked used. When I played it, didn;t work right. Sound was all noisy and CD's kept on stopping. Tried different disks still same problem. I sent it back, no problem for an exchange, I;ll give Amazon one more chance. Still waiting for new one. If I have same problem I will not ordered anything else from Amazon. Old saying, You get what you pay for. P.S. If same problem, I'll go to Best Buy and spend a little more and will get what I want. JUNK, JUNK.
cdplayer_sony|I returned this device. I own a previous version of this player which gave me excellent service but developed mechanical problems. I assumed (incorrectly) that the upgrade would replace my older unit 1 to 1. Wrong! This unit has fiber optic output which my new Onkyo receiver does not support. Since HDMI is the standard of home theatre this is mind-boggling. What is Sony thinking?
cdplayer_sony|I thought this was a single deck, but turned out to be a multiple disk unit. So far it works okay, but would rather have a single disk player. I have a model 302 that I bought in the early 80's, but it has drawer opening issues. I sent it back to Sony, but they don't have the parts to repair it. Anyone know where I can get it fixed, or does anyone know where I can get a good single disk unit? Thanks.
cdplayer_sony|The Sony CDP-CE500 Compact Disc Player is just a CD player with out an amplifier. I did not realize that it would also require an external amplifier to actually play CDs.
cdplayer_sony|Wasn't able to use this product as I was told that I needed to buy speakers and anamplifier in order to use it. I thought I just had to plug it in and I would be ableto play my CD's....I have no knowledge of electronics.
cdplayer_sony|THE UNIT DID NOT COME WITH SPEAKERS. WE HAVE TRIED FOR TWO WEEKS TO PURCHASE SPEAKERS THAT WILL WORK. HAVE SPENT 4 DAYS AND MANY HOURS TALKING WITH NUMEROUS PEOPLE AT SONY TO NO AVAIL!!! THEY DO NOT HAVE ANYTHING THAT WILL WORK WITH THIS AND I HAVE RETURNED 2 SETS THEY HAVE SENT.WHY WOULD AMAZON SELL SOMETHING WHICH IS INCOMPLETE AND UNABLE TO COMPLETE? MAYBE THE PLAYER IS GOOD I DON'T KNOW SINCE WE CANNOT USE IT.I REALLY WOULD LIKE TO RETURN IT BUT DO NOT HAVE THE ORIGINAL PACKING ANY LONGER SO I AM STUCK WITH IT.
cdplayer_sony|Looked at one thing and ordered another. Thought I was getting a 5 disc dvd player. It clearly said cd player.
