console_nintendo_wii|Even though this is "black", the stand is silver, and so is the ugly power cord.Right out of the box the unit worked great. Even with the worst video connection (composite/480i) the picture isn't bad at all from about 8' away. I ordered the component cable to see if there is much difference (there should be going to 480p). My Denon receiver does a great job at upscaling to 1080p, so I should be happy.Only one controller is kind of lame, but for the price I got it at, with sports, and sports resort, I can't complain too much.
console_nintendo_wii|I bought the Wii to use with NetFlix, the games are an added bonus. I am really not into computer games.
console_nintendo_wii|i got it the last night wow is awesome, i went to GAME STOP and i trade my old wii sytem with extra control and nuck...plus i paid $50 plus taxes..WOW incleible...
console_nintendo_wii|So for anyone thinking of buying a Nintendo Wii, my advice is to save another $100 and get a PS3. The Nintendo Wii is lots of fun, dont get me wrong. But the thing is that the PS3 has way better games than the Wii. Yeah it's fun to move around and see your character do the same thing, but whenever I play Wii, it seems like the controls are lagging a little bit. The Wii sports games are a lot of fun though, especially Bowling and Tennis. I wish that Nintendo would come out with better game, more often because the folks over at Playstation get New, great games just about every week..I've been a Nintendo fan all my life but after getting a PS3 off of wavee, I havent played my Wii since..Plus, with the PS3 you can play music and bluerays..as well as surf the web.Fun: 8/10-Wii is tons of fun when you find good gamesLook: 10/10-the Wii just looks awesome, especially in black.Price: 7/10- Wii is cheaper than PS3 but I got both for real cheap off waveeUniqueness: 10/10-the Wii is unlike any other game system, that is for sure.Games: 3/10-When compared to PS3 games, the Wii falls very, very short.
console_nintendo_wii|This product is undoubtedly good and fun, but I am really unsatisfied with the customer service. (You can see the packaging feedback I left. I already complained a lot about the delivery.) I received the product on 6/8 and everything worked just fine, including the Wii Sport and Wii Sport Resort games. Since then, I played other games frequently so I just put the Wii Sport disc aside. However, I found my Wii console could not read the Wii Sport disc anymore lat week. I followed the instruction on the screen and the manual again and again, but it still did not work. It just worked ONCE on 6/9, but no longer worked. It was just the second time I tried to use it, and it did not work! The console can still read other games such as Wii Sport Resort, New Mario Brothers, and Super Mario Galaxy, So I believed there was something wrong with the Wii Sport disc. I would like to replace the disc but not the whole console set, so I would like to contact the seller or Amazon. However, when I checked the Amazon Website, I could not find anywhere to contact the seller. The webpage is not user friendly.I bought the product through Amazon because I thought it would be really convenient, but now I am really disappointed.
console_nintendo_wii|- the price was high if compare the other website like dell.- if you connect to internet the light of the console will be turn on automatically.
console_nintendo_wii|With all the DS systems floating around and now a black WII which is the same a previous models Nintendo seems to be doing a alot of double dipping lately. I can see if this system had improvements like the new 360 model but this is just a black Wii???
console_nintendo_wii|excelentWe're currently processing your review and we will email you at ajaramil_3@hotmail.com as soon as this is complete.good e
console_nintendo_wii|I regret no having it earlier! the perfect companion if you live alone or with family, A great excuse to have teenagers engage in activities, and it brings friends over just to have fun!
console_nintendo_wii|My parents are in their 60's and live in the Pacific Northwest where there is quite a bit of rainy weather in the winter months. This was easy for them to install, as they are both a bit intimidated by electronics. They LOVE it, they play tennis and bowling together and the grand kids love to play when they visit.
console_nintendo_wii|Kids love it! and I love playing with them too!The item speaks for itself. But if you want to actually move around in place of sitting on the couch turning into a blob, this is the way to go.
console_nintendo_wii|Very entertaining, works for me, my family and friends, along with the Wii Fit is an excellent choice. 100% recommended
console_nintendo_wii|I gave this to my husband as a christmas gift, and he uses it every day. My daughter enjoys the two-player games, so the two of them play quite frequently together. Great bonding time! :)
console_nintendo_wii|good lekjgt e eogiju regq gmdsn g ioewg ewor weg ewrgt erg aw eg re e geg dgvgd ehergge eg
console_nintendo_wii|Este fue un regalo para nuestras hijas, exelente producto llego a tiempo y en buen estado, tuve acceso al monitoreo del producto todo el tiempo, hasta que llego a mis mano. gracias, a las ni&ntilde;as le gusto muchisimo!
console_nintendo_wii|I'm really satisfied with this product. No complaints about it. And both Wii Sports and Wii Sports Resort give plenty of good games to play!
console_nintendo_wii|Great product and Transaction! Great Bundle especially because you have 2 games in 1. Wii Sports and Resorts will make great entertainment for you and your friends.
console_nintendo_wii|Purchased the Wii along with Wii Fit and balance board. Getting involved in the movements really make playing enjoyable. System is easy to set up and use.
console_nintendo_wii|We were late adopters to the Wii as our kids are quite young. But we're so happy to be in the game now, we love this gaming system. The games are age appropriate for our small children ranging in age from 5-7. We have family bowling night, golf outings, ping-pong games, etc. So much fun for all of us. We're really enjoying our time together as a family.
console_nintendo_wii|The Wii with Wii Sports and Sports Resort is an excellent product with a variety of games that my family and I are definitely enjoying. I love this game console.
console_nintendo_wii|Muy buen producto recomiendo al vendedor, excelente atencion y a tiempo, todo llego en perfecto estado y calidad, lo recomiendo
console_nintendo_wii|i didnt get the resort game with it and i was unhappy with it i hope u send it to me yhank u
console_nintendo_wii|have not received the bill to remove the item that is being held at the office of miquetia in Venezuela. Please manage in sending the invoice in PDF
console_nintendo_wii|Works perfectly..everything as expected. Priced right.would recommend to anyone wh0 needs a wii. Will be back in the future.
console_nintendo_wii|excelente!!! muy conforme con el producto tan cierto como lo describen me llego rapido y 100% responsabilidad y seriedad muy bueno
console_nintendo_wii|Excellent. My grand kids enjoys hours of fun. I myself get in there and workout. It made me want to get the Wii board.
console_nintendo_wii|Works good for a previously owned wii. Even came with a game inside :) everything works great and my son absolutely loves it.
console_nintendo_wii|I love my WII. It allows me to get lots of exercise without leaving the house. We recommend it to our friends.
console_nintendo_wii|The item I bought the Wii Sports Resort-Black was not what I thought it was the sports resort is the game software so the item should of been listed as wii black box then I would have know it didn't come with software (sports resort) wouldn't have purchased it. This is false advertising and I sent it back to them and hope I get reimbursed for the postage which they said they would. I would have keep the product and been happy if sports resort-black box was what I bought but it wasn't.
console_nintendo_wii|I've forward it to Libya where I work, in Libya they support 220v and the Wii Adapter was 120V , it is Ok .so I had to wait till I buy new Adapter with 220 volt . finally got it . I connected to the TV and there is NothingI'm taking it today for maintenance , where I can not return the Item from Libya it will cost allotDont buy from here guy , really you will hate it
console_nintendo_wii|Hola buenas buenos dias tengan ustedes quisiera consultarles mi siguiente duda el mes pasado compre un wii pro amazon el cual lo pude retirar la semana pasada y al momento de conectarlo para hacer una prueba el aparato no encendio mostrando unas letras blancas en la pantalla y no reconociendo ninguno de los perifericos como controles, quisiera saber como procederia yo en ese caso por el articulo que compre para el cambio.Quedando agradecido de antemano.Hello good morning good you would have consulted my next question last month pro amazon buy a wii which I could withdraw last week and when connecting to test the device not showing a lit white letters on the screen and not recognizing none of the peripherals as controls, I wonder as I proceed in this case for the items you purchased for change.Being thankful in advance.
console_nintendo_wii|we bought this for holidays gift to my little brothers. Well, it's obvious that Nintendo's quality is superb. it's now connected to our tv, and kids have a lot of fun playing there. Sometimes I also take a lil bit of procrastination time and play tennis there. Super fun.The control comes with a silicone cover.
console_nintendo_wii|Wonderful Wii system. I loved this design much better then the original one. Loved the 2 games they included. Would recommend
console_nintendo_wii|Todo llego a tiempo y en perfectas condiciones. El producto que yo seleccione fue el que llego muy bien embalado y la comunicaci&oacute;n por correo fue muy oportuna y clara del producto y donde estaba el producto en ese momento. Felicitaciones
console_nintendo_wii|no much to tell about, it just it simple fulfill my expectation.I would buy again if I could !!
console_nintendo_wii|The device was easy to set up and works perfectly. The games, especially the ones on the Sports Resort, are a lot of fun (some more than others, of course).
console_nintendo_wii|Like many other 1-stars for this item this console is not backwards compatible as the ad states. The system they sent was one of the newer systems that is sold right here on amazon for upwards of $129. The older system WAS backward compatible and I paid $175.00 for a $129.00 system. Nice little racket somebody's got going on.
console_nintendo_wii|This is a very good starter set for anyone looking to purchase a Wii. The Wii Sports and Wii Sports Resort games are great! Between these and the Nintendo classic game options available through the Wii online, I haven't felt the need to purchase any additional games. Would recommend getting an additional controller for some of the Wii Sports Resort games. Seller delivered on time in brand new condition.
console_nintendo_wii|I dreaded setting this up because I pictured a long complicated process of things going wrong and a frustrating afternoon of trying to get it to work. I'm happy to say, it was actually quite easy to setup (only took about 20 minutes) and even easier to figure out how to use it. It's a lot of fun and there's actually a bunch of cool features I didn't even realize it had!
console_nintendo_wii|Nintendo did not expect this to be so fun and entertaining for my family but for the kids is great my daughter is delighted. along with not just a game is both a personal trainer at home which you get out of your site and makes you burn fat. Undoubtedly been a great investment without being expensive for your pocket
console_nintendo_wii|Best part of the Wii is that it brings our family all together of all ages.. Grandma and great aunt joints our kids to have fun. at least we all look like fool playing games with kids! what a valuable time spent! Nice!
console_nintendo_wii|I have played wii before, but I wanted one of my own when I moved out to gp to college. I like the black color because it matches my living room.overall, it's great!
console_nintendo_wii|This was great fun. We played it at my birthday party and it was great because all ages were able to join in the fun. It makes a great addition to game night playing and even better because it's active. The bowing was the best game for us.
console_nintendo_wii|I brought the wii its so much fun i play it forever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!though you can get bored of wii sports resort im thinking of getting mario cart .
console_nintendo_wii|We bought the Wii package for our adult daughter as a Christmas gift. She was thrilled and has already worn out two batteries. The package arrived in good time and in good condition.
console_nintendo_wii|The game console works perfectly.Very interested to play along or multi-players.Enjoyable.Thanks to Amazon and Wii-Nintendo!
console_nintendo_wii|I bought th Wii Bundle for my son for Christmas. The Sports game didn't work, but all else did. I called customer service and it took 30 minutes for the guy to make the return. I have to return the whole bundle..which all I will do is exchange the games and send back the new consol they send. Was disappointing but happens, although the return by phone is NOT ok service!@!!!!!!
console_nintendo_wii|Got this as a christmas present for my daughter but of course tried it out upon arrival as to not disappoint on christmas morning. Gonna have lots of family fun.
console_nintendo_wii|I just love this. It is cool looking and fun to play for the whole family. I even gave mine a cool nick name. And games are so much fun to play and take a long while to beat all the games that come on the discs. I also like how it is backwards compatible.
console_nintendo_wii|It is so much fun to play the games and to stream movies. I got it for the Wii Fit plus and balance board but I haven't received those as yet. Right now I am just playing my heart out.
console_nintendo_wii|it works excellently and everything is up to par. i wasn't crazy about the color but it's growing on me.
console_nintendo_wii|awesome.this product is so much fun.I never am bored.It is worth every penny.I can`t wait to try out other wii products.I recommend this to anyone.
console_nintendo_wii|This Black Nintendo Wii includes Wii Sports and Wii Sports Resort. It also includes a Wii remote with a Wii remote sensor. This Black Wii is as lightning fast as the White Wii, but it blends in with the night, and the power button glows.When my brother first got the Black Wii, it worked for about a month. The Black Wii started having blackouts and then it wouldn't turn on. In the end we had to trade the Black Wii for a new one.This product is for everybody I think. The blackouts are the only problem. The Black Wii has easy installation. The Black Wii also can use the Gamecube controllers. The Black Wii Is easy to play and that is why I have rated it 5 stars.
console_nintendo_wii|I think it's the best video game console.is full is more interactive is totally interactive games console very good family, there are few who are not but I think it's a great way to spend family time
console_nintendo_wii|I ordered the Wii system as used. It arrived as advertized in original box with all parts and wires except base support for the console and no INSTRUCTIONS. Using with the Wii Fit+ Balance Board.
console_nintendo_wii|We were pleased with the product that we received. The Wii and games arrived in excellent condition and delivered with wonderful speed. Our only disappointment came in finding out the extra hand controller was not included (as seen in the picture along with this item). One of the reasons we chose this item from this seller was due to the extra controller. We felt like this was a bit deceiving and yet we are pleased with the rest of the order.
console_nintendo_wii|i enjoy with it much buy It if you like to move. Dont wait more and buy it sport resort nice game
console_nintendo_wii|MY gf and I love the Wii and the game fit plus. it has given us some great times
console_nintendo_wii|I bought the Wii for my fiance, and we both love it! It's nice to have games that we can play together. I also like the black, because it matches the rest of my electronics.
console_nintendo_wii|When the Wii first came out, I was among the first to criticize it's motion sensing abilities. Since the addition of the motion plus and some great titles, this is a very versatile system. I use it probably as much for gaming as I do for Netflix. Netflix was the selling point for me. I have not been dissapointed. The only thing is that I wish there were a few more mature titles. The titles available tend to be more kid friendly. That doesn't mean that the games are lame, just that I would like to see more mature titles.
console_nintendo_wii|First, I would like to say thank you to everyone who leaves their comments and reviews on their purchases. If it weren't for the reviews, I wouldn't have ever bought anything from Amazon. I enjoy spending alot of time at home and thought about buying a gaming system. The last system I owned was the sega genesis. Since I haven't played any video games since then, it was recommended to me by a friend to buy the wii. I absolutely love it! I have my wii connected to my wireless network and stream netflix and also enjoy the news and weather features! You cannot beat the price ($199) and highly recommend for any age.
console_nintendo_wii|My husband and I love bowling the most. It is so much fun! However, all the other games we have tried are also entertaining. I would recommend this for all ages.
console_nintendo_wii|The guys who came up with the wii were geniuses... Those who gave it 1 star shame on you.... I cant give it a perfect review because it dont have the game support for me..... The only games i like on the wii are Mario games and Zelda.... Other than that there is no other support.... Nintendo is in trouble in the next year.... Other than Donkey kong country, and Zelda skyward swords there are no other games to play for me.... But for your kids, alot of support.... Hope this review helps you...
console_nintendo_wii|Really fun! Perfect condition, lots of fun, great timing on shipping, just not as much exercise as we had thought :P
console_nintendo_wii|i play with my 5 yrs old kid daily for 1 hour. its simply superb. before going to Sports complex i usually play at home with him and gets warmed up. Table tennis, Tennis , Golf , Basket ball etc etc ,,,, what else do u want.Thanks Nintendo and Amazon
console_nintendo_wii|I bought this for my 7yr old son. During the summer he tends to eat and not want to play outside. The Wii and all the exercise games have made him much more active for the first time ever I dont mind him playing his games.
console_nintendo_wii|We bought this for our 9 yr old son and he loves it. So far we have not come across any problems.
console_nintendo_wii|It is an excellent acquisition, worth purchasing this product has a great price recommend it ........
console_nintendo_wii|Wii is my first Game Console. One my friend suggested me to have Wii Console to do physical exercise at home with fun. I am really enjoying Virtua Tennins play in Wii.I would recommend Wii console for folks who are looking for little physical activity with fun
console_nintendo_wii|This game is really fun. A lot of interactive activities, for most of them you will get a good amount of physical exercise. The games are fun even if there is just one player. I would recommend Sports Wii with Sports Resort to any age group that can work read the instructions on TV screen and work with the remote/nunchuk (which is pretty simple).
console_nintendo_wii|The black color is definitely awesome. It looks very sleek and pairs with the color of the HDTV well (mine is black). The Wii Sports and Resort are great! I play them on the days I don't go to the gym to burn out some calories (I go to the gym every other day). Overall, you won't regret getting one of these!
console_nintendo_wii|We were the last ones in the family to get a wii, so I had played on it at my children's homes before I purchased this console. The games that come with the purchase (sports and sports resort) are easy enough for my four-year-old grandchild to play. We especially love being able to play Netflix through the wii. Thus far I have no complaints, only praise. I hope the system holds up because it is quite expensive, especially when you buy the other games and additional remotes.
console_nintendo_wii|I bought this console for a family member but I found myself playing it a lot. The new black color is nice but a fingerprint magnet. I would recommend this console to others. I have always been a nintendo fan and the wii does not dissapoint. You can do some basic online browsing like twitter or facebook, so thats a plus.
console_nintendo_wii|I bought the Wii Blk w/ Wii Sports Resort for my 8yr old as abirthday present & she love it! Her adult sister & her sonlove it even more. I love the new black it blends in justperfect w/ the furniture. The Free Sports & Sports Resortwas an added bonus! The price for the bundle was perfect!Thanks a bunch! Latrenda A.
console_nintendo_wii|A friend of mine found this online for me and for the price and what's included it was a great deal! Everything works great and it arrived it a decent amount of time.
console_nintendo_wii|I recently purchased the Wii with Wii Sport and Wii sport resort. I purchased the Wii to stream Netflix to my tv. The system works beautifully for that. The Wii sports resort is a fantastic gaming experience for me and all of my grandchildren! This was a great value and it was priced just right!Thanks again Amazon! You never let me down! 8-)
console_nintendo_wii|Shipping was fast and the Wii works great. I have not had any problems with any of it.
console_nintendo_wii|Have had it for 2 years now, works in perfect condition. Bought it for a great price of course over amazon.
console_nintendo_wii|Most of the games are great, but some are slow. My kids still love to play it. I don't have the balance board so some games we can not play.
console_nintendo_wii|Why wouldn't you love this system?? You can play all your old Gamecube games on it!! Its physically interactive and the whole family can play. There are many games for the Wii (granted, not all of them are worth the money) that will have you playing it whenever you get the chance. I know Xbox 360 and PS3 are the most popular and have similar attachments to the Wii but you cant top Nintendo when you're in search of something Nintendo-y.
console_nintendo_wii|Entrega realizada na data informada.Muito bom, a molecada est&aacute; se divertindo com os jogos do Wii, diversão garantida.Recomento a todos que estão pesquisando para comprar.
console_nintendo_wii|This item was purchased as a gift. Recipient is very happy with the product. Their kids love it.I am happy with the fast delivery.Thanks again.Debbie
console_nintendo_wii|Best gift I ever gave my husband....he loves it.....and I get to bowl with him! We are having the most fun and getting exercise, too.
console_nintendo_wii|This product came in earlier then expected which was great but, the product that came in was suppose to be black but the product showed up with the remote and nunchuk being white and not part of the original game so the game did not recognize the white components so I could not use any of the games that required the use of the nunchuk with out additionally purchasing a motion plus adaptor.. will not purchase from this seller again, although I love the game I would have purchased this from someone else who was more honest with their description of what the were sending.
console_nintendo_wii|I am having a great time with my Wii. I also ordered Wii Sports with this shipment. Wii Sports is more to my liking because of the tennis and golf. My brand new Wii arrived on time and had all the components in tact. Thanks Amazon!
console_nintendo_wii|This product arrived at our house several days ahead of the scheduled date! So far, we have had no problems with it (other than us being technologically challenged). We look forward to many hours of family fun. Thank you for the great service.
console_nintendo_wii|I really like and appreciate the customer service I've received from Hy's ! I was missing the instruction book in my shipment (tho I'm pretty sure most gamers wouldn't even need it) and they sent it to me right away. Then when I found the Resort Sports wouldn't load, they were just as quick at sending me a replacement. The game is lots of fun...the customer service was super-impressive!
console_nintendo_wii|my whole family loves this game. However, we live in lots of different states and would like to play against each other. That is not possible since this is not a WIFI compatible game. The reason I like Wii is the activity level -- not sitting there playing a video game. Can't find a good WIFI compatible game with the Wii.
console_nintendo_wii|I ordered this as soon as I found it under the price I could afford. I ordered it "piece meal" and haven't yet set up the board, but it was very easy to install the game console. I have used it with my Netflix account and the picture comes in clear and the sound good (I have a Roku on another tv and it isn't so clear or good). I have "checked out" fitness DVD and set up my "person" and now have the board ready to go, so am looking forward to using this. Friends who have it or have played on the WII tell me it is wonderful. The graphics are clear; I believe some of the fun will be learning how to use the remote. I can easily see that it will be good for some laughs, just using it for checking weather and Netflix.
console_nintendo_wii|This was a complete Christmas for the whole family. The set-up was easy, and between the two game packs, there is enough to give hours of fun for every person in the house, no matter the age. Highly recommended.
console_nintendo_wii|This was the perfect bundle package for our family. My son LOVES the Wii, and we are really enjoying all of the sports games. Thanks!
console_nintendo_wii|It was very easy to put together. and compact. It doesn't take up much space. The on screen set-up was very easy to do. On screen directions are easy to understand. Once it is all set up, it is just a matter of finding a game you like to play. It is nice that the game system comes with a few games to get started. So it is not like you have to run out and get a lot of games to start off with. You already have a couple games to play,
console_nintendo_wii|this is a great game and lot of fun and thank a lot for included the sport resort i would recommedend and the shipment is fast
console_nintendo_wii|What more could a person really add to a review that hasn't already been said. The Wii is a great system for the whole family. For hardcore gaming the XBox360 or PS3 would be a better choice, obviously. The Wii Sports games included in the bundle have simple graphics but are really alot of fun. My kids, 4 and 7, enjoy it very much. I have not used the system for anything beyond playing games so I cannot comment on any of the network features. Over all it is exactly what I expected and I am very satisfied. I will mention that I like the black color better than the white but it really makes no difference in playability.
console_nintendo_wii|I bought the Wii and I love it. I bought the game for my six year old daughter for her birthday in August and I play it more than her. When I was growing up I loved to play the Nintendo and Sega but the Wii game is much better. You have the opportunity to get an aerobic dance in while having fun. I bought my daughter so many games to play with. She invites three friends over every day to play with her. (While I am at work so I want ask to play with them) Overall I would recommend this product to everybody it has no age limit on it. This is a perfect gift just because they are good or had a good report card.
console_nintendo_wii|When you get your wii in the mail make sure you check everything. My buttons to move on the control didn't work but I was refunded 20% of what I paid. I bought a new control at the store today, and tested it. I am highly addicted to baseball even though I suck lol. I am also addicted to canoeing, archery, and table tennis. I can't get the hang of canoeing. I am tempted to buy Mario for it. :)
console_nintendo_wii|When I insert the WiiSport game disc in the console, the system is breakdown, and I knew some other guy has the same problem.Amazon told me to refund, but I prefer they replace the disc, because the rest of the set is OK!!
console_nintendo_wii|The product is very good.Pros :Extremely entertaining and fun.You do get considerable amount of physical activity out of the game.Despite the Cons, the product is one of the best games consoles.Cons - small things that you need to keep in mind :-Battery dispatched with the games were discharged.-Additional controls need to be bought separately else multi-player games cannot be played. ($60).-Connection to TV is RCA, if you need component then you need to pay ($20 from nintendo). You can buy connector from amazon itself for $5.-Amazon sells Wii with balance board bundle, but they screwed up my order. This is more a Seller issue than the product. But Nintendo can by pass this issue by bundling the product by themselves.Overall cost, wii+ (optional: balance board)+controller Set+ rechargeable battery .
console_nintendo_wii|I have played Wii at my friends house and have found that it is both fun and provides exercise without having to go out of the house. Friends come over and we have something besides TV and board games to do. The games you can play on a Wii are for all ages. My gendsons will be enjoying this Wii game just as much as my older friends. It was a good investment since I live in a remote place.
console_nintendo_wii|This system is great. Now as compared to the white system in performance they are identical. The only things on this system that have changed are cosmetic and they look great. One thing I wish was different was that the base vertical stand would also be black, instead it is similar to the white wii's base station being a metallic color. I like the look of it because my tv is black, also my stereo and almost all of my other systems and accessories are black as well. All in all this is a great system and if you are trying to choose between the two colors look at what you have now and what will match. Both systems are identical in performance so go for whichever you like.
console_nintendo_wii|We preordered this bundle over 2 weeks ago. Finally received it on the 11th. This is a great bundle for the money. The black color goes with my black Xbox 360 and PS3. I used to have a Wii when they forst came out, but we got tired of the crap games on it. Figured I would give it another go because the kids missed the Wii Sports game and Super Mario and games like that. Haven't been disappointed either. Put Netflix on it too. It actually is easier to operate than my Netflix on my Xbox Live. Much easier controls and smoother movie watching. No disappointments at all!!
console_nintendo_wii|I really should have checked out other on-line stores. The same product is going from $129! One should never goes shopping last minute!
console_nintendo_wii|It didn't come with a manual or the software nor did it have the right cables but they did take it back with no problem
console_nintendo_wii|Muy buen producto y cero complicaciones para compras internacionalesMuy buen juego para jugarlo en familia, me gustan mas otras consolas pero con esta te diviertes mas gracias al movimiento.Excellent product great for family time
console_nintendo_wii|Received our shipment in less than 5 days with free shipping. Everything was in order, easy to follow instructions. Played the games right away
console_nintendo_wii|This is an awesome system, and is very sharp looking in black! I love it!!
console_nintendo_wii|We are loving it!! My husband has the xbox 360 but that's a lot of buttons for me, this is simple and fun and the three of us use it and fight for it!!
console_nintendo_wii|I am very pleased with the deal I got on this game system bundle. I am also happy that I waited to buy the black Wii , because it blends right in with the color of my TV and all the other components I own.
console_nintendo_wii|Wii system came on time and was exactly what I expected, a lot of fun!The black is a nice color and matches our TV system.Decent price. I had to use an older VCR to get the input working (No HDMI, etc).
console_nintendo_wii|This system is like off the chain kind of fun I mean it does practically everything. and the fact that you dont have to become a couch potatoe to enjoy it just makes it that much better. I do wii fit,tennis and to feed my need for speed a little mario kart racing LOL. The kids enjoy dancing with the just dance or the sing along and we all like rocking the guitar hero and so much more. Wii is like I said "off the chain", I would reccomend it to anyone young or old. And now you can even stream Netflix movies to it.
console_nintendo_wii|I purchased this game for my husbands birthday. We've had so much fun with it! My two youngest children still live at home and playing this game actually brought us together more. Very happy with this purchase!
console_nintendo_wii|I got just what I ordered - quick and easy. We like the game and have used it to draw together as a family.
console_nintendo_wii|I have never played with a Wii but gave it as a gift (to almost 60 year olds).... I have heard nothing but raves and been told that is the "Greatest gift ever"!!
console_nintendo_wii|We've had no problem having fun on our Wii. Thanks for the awesome deal with a $30 credit.
console_nintendo_wii|WII has become our exercise platform, For my Heart health it is very necessary that I get moving.The WII has done that, with so much ease and fun.On average we play a sports game for about an hour and it leaves me a little winded and hot, exactly what the Doctor ordered.
console_nintendo_wii|I wanted the Wii as soon as it came out; however, I decided to wait because I didn't know if I would use it, or if it would sit around collecting dust. This unit is one of the best purchases I have ever made, and is worth every penny! It is absolutely amazing and truely intertaining! If you're thinking about purchasing a Wii system...DO IT! You won't be sorry!
console_nintendo_wii|Good product. Came in safe shipping & packing within few days. happy with the purchase and the product. My only reqeust is the Wii manufactuer should hv suggested about the battery usage or should have option for batter & charger along with remote.. I am facing the shortage of battery here, as my charge in the remote gets used within few daysthanksRAjaram
console_nintendo_wii|I ordered this with standard shipping, and within about 3 days of ordering it, the bundle arrived. I was worried at first because the box was a little banged up when I opened the package, but nothing inside was damaged or even scuffed.The wii works great, and the controls fit easily in my hand. The placement of the buttons makes it easy to use, and there's a wrist-strap so you don't accidentally send the controller flying.The game, itself...I've only tried Sports Resort so far, and am addicted to the table tennis game. Bowling was fairly fun once I got the hang of it, and the 3-point basketball shot game was also addicting. The wakeboarding was harder to control and see than it sounded, and the archery was a slight disappointment.Otherwise, everything else I tried was fairly fun (with table tennis and basketball being the best two IMO).The graphics are dated, but I actually find them sort of charming that way.There is a lot of reading of the instruction manual (seriously, this is the first platform game I had to actually look at the instructions to find out how to hook it up and play games on it), and don't forget to create your "mii" character!If you don't, you use generic people in the game, and the records aren't saved.
console_nintendo_wii|My wife and I (early 60s in age) gave each other the Wii for Christmas. We were interested in something that would provide us with fun and physical activity. We purchased the new black model which blends in well with our TV etc. The setup was very easy and we have really enjoyed using it. I especially like the golf game and my wife enjoys the bowling. Our children gave us an additional controller and nunchuk. I highly recommend having a controller for every player. I would also recommend getting a battery charger and using rechargeable AA batteries to save money and the environment. We will probably purchase more games to use in the future. We both feel that is was money well spent.
console_nintendo_wii|After receiving my Wii, in less than 3 days from purchasing, I had it set up in no time. The console was very sleek, i chose the black color and it complimented my entertainment center very well! Instructions were simple and I was already creating my Mii characters within the first hour. Also within that hour I was working up a sweat! I played Wii Sports Resort sword fight to start off, although this doesnt sound too challanging, it kept me moving! This is very fun for the family and any event!!
console_nintendo_wii|We wanted the Wii sports and Sport resort and was very happy that we were able to find these as a package instead of the newer version that does not include the sports package that has bowling, Tennis, boxing and golf.Very happy with our purchase.
console_nintendo_wii|We are having the most fun with this set, I especially love bowling and golf. Great exercise too, when you actually play along correctly.
console_nintendo_wii|My husband and I are both into video games. We have all the systems and had a first generation Wii. It died on us (stopped spinning the disk) pretty much exactly a month after the warranty was up which was a total bummer. We waited for a while and then saw a great deal on Amazon we couldn't pass up and decided to get the new black version. The Wii is a lot of fun, for a short time. There is only so much you can do with the 2 games it gives you and after a while of playing them you rarely (if not never!) play them again.The graphics on the Wii leave a lot to be desired but when your purchasing it you should already know that. When you buy a Call of Duty or other game made for the PS3 and Xbox360, don't expect it to look or feel like the same game. The controls on most of those games are difficult and really don't make sense. The Wii should only be for interactive games in my honest opinion.One of the best attributes to a Wii is the size, the console is tiny! You can fit 3-4 Wii's in the space that the PS3 or Xbox 360 take up, it's about the width of 3 DVDS.Overall a great addition for families with younger children!
console_nintendo_wii|Was as described, was packed very well, tried everything out it worked just fine, games fine and in working condition, sure their will be a lot of playing on this. Thanks
console_nintendo_wii|Nice game console. Very good value for the money. This was for my daughters' 12th birthday. She loves it, so we are happy!
console_nintendo_wii|We ordered this black Wii that came with sports resort. Was pleased way beyond expectation. We recently ordered NetFlix, so this Wii was an extra unit for the bedroom. Not because we needed it, but for convienience. We have been playing Wii for about a year now, and love it. The sports resort game is by far our favorite. Especially the frisby golf. Me and my husband play 18 holes about 3-4 times a week.We have nine grandchildren who love to come play with us as well.Highly recommend this gaming system. We are always looking for a new and exciting game to be released. With the NetFlix hooked up through our Wii we can download some of the "old school" games like Pac Man, Bubble Bobble, Galeca, etc.
console_nintendo_wii|I had the Wii resorts game console sent to my kids for Christmas while I was in Iraq. By the time they opened it they realized that the Wii resorts video game was not it the game case (which was not sealed) instead some movie DVD called "Anger Management" was in its place (inside the Resorts Video Game case). The console works very well, but I feel as though I was mistakenly jipped out of the video game I bought the console for.
console_nintendo_wii|It is hard to say anything else about the Wii, so it will be a quick one.I really prefer it in black than the regular white version (looks sleek)You can debate about playing on a PC, on a PS3 or an Xbox, but really there is no debate about that you absolutely have to havethe Wii as a second platform.I am an avid gamer and I don't play on the Wii often, but when I have friends coming over, nothing compares to the fun of 4 peopleplaying with the Wii! even my Mom (that over the years NEVER played on any console or PC) played the other day she visited me!Make no mistakes. If you need something for multiplayer mode, buy it! (and buy it in black, it looks cool vs the other version)
console_nintendo_wii|I'm absolutely happy with my Wii. The Sports Resort games are entertaining, and I can see images in SD cards in form of a nice slideshow.I've played Swordplay, Table Tennis, Cycling, Archery and Bowling, and liked each of these.
console_nintendo_wii|excellent, it is the first time i can play a video game with my entire family, from my 5 year old son until my 60 year old father, it provides a lot of fun for me and my people.
console_nintendo_wii|Time has passed for Wii but it is still very fun! At $200 and upgraded with Wii MotionPlus, I still prefer to buy this console instead of the other newer ones!
console_nintendo_wii|I love this machine! Netflix, video games, the news, the weather, exrercise. What a system! It even comes in Black!
console_nintendo_wii|I used to play a lot of video games, way back when, and even almost took a job at Nintendo. My career ended up going in a different direction, but I've always considered them to be a very innovative and forward thinking company. I drifted away from video games and haven't really played much in a couple decades, but I recently heard about the Michael Jackson game coming out and went right out the next day and bought a Wii. A local electronics chain had them on sale and I just couldn't pass it up.I must say, I'm even more impressed with Nintendo today then I was back when I wanted to work for them. In a way, it made me regret not taking the job. This Wii console is a thing of beauty in look and execution. Setup was a snap -- 10 minutes, and I was off and running. And the motion remotes are flawlessly designed and impressive to see in action -- the fluidity of movement, the accuracy of control, the pure innovation -- Nintendo is a very impressive company indeed. And best of all -- it's FUN -- and who couldn't use more fun in their life?!I've been disabled and off work for months now, and the whole thing has been very dark and depressing. There's no easy fix to make life 'right' and I may never be whole again. Logically, buying a Wii is the last thing I should spend my money on right now. There's dozens of reasons why it's a bad idea, and only one good reason why I should -- because life is meant to be enjoyed -- and this Wii was a small price to pay for the joy and happiness it has already given me. And personally, I just can't put a price tag on that.I know that video games have gotten way more complex in the years since I was into them, so I was concerned that I would be out of my depth. But this Wii is so easy and simple to use, it's no wonder so many people have jumped on the bandwagon. Actually, I feel like I joined the party at exactly the right time -- the motion controls only recently came out, and the console was just recently introduced in black. And then with the new Michael Jackson game due, along with other personal faves, like Minute to Win It, The Amazing Race and WipeOut, I feel like the timing was just perfect for me.I used to be a big movie buff and made good use of my Netflix membership these past years. But with all that's been going on lately, my tastes have shifted and I find myself only interested in comedies for a fun escape. Problem is, there's only so many comedies worth watching out there. But now, thanks to Wii, I have another outlet for fun and amusement that doesn't cost a whole lot and gives me hours of escapism when I need it.The included games, Wii Sports Resort and Wii Sports, are both a lot of fun, and there's really no need to buy anything else for a while. Both games will hold anyone's interest and challenge their skills for quite awhile. Personal faves are, Archery, 100 pin Bowling, Jet Ski, Table Tennis -- and my all time fave -- Frisbee Golf! (And KUDOS to Nintendo for paying for the brand name and NOT calling it "Disc Golf!") I've never played Frisbee golf before and was surprised at how quickly I was hooked. I really love that game! Actually, the best thing so far about the Wii is it enables me to engage in activities I'd never be physically capable of participating in otherwise! Of course, there's no substitute for the great outdoors, but it's the next best thing for me given my circumstances.Bottom Line -- this Wii is one of the best purchases I've made in years and the timing couldn't have been better. I'm really enjoying this and it's helped curb my stress immensely. No, I'm not suggesting one run away from life's problems. But I'd rather play Wii than pop a Prozac. This has been endless fun and I'm so very happy I bought this!So, to anyone out there who may be on the fence about this, ask yourself one question:How much would you pay to feel like a kid again?Thanks Nintendo! BRAVO! Any chance that 20 year old job I turned down is still available?!
console_nintendo_wii|Amazon takes very long time to ship this item. Just go and buy directly from some local store. Its not worth waiting this long for shipping.
console_nintendo_wii|I ordered this because it said it was backwards compatible with gamecube discs. I returned the newer wii i got for christmas that cost only $130 and paid $170 for this one just so i can get the backwards compatibility. I got the item today and its the newer one that says it does not play Gamecube discs... very angry right now
console_nintendo_wii|Revolutionary controller design offers unique motion-sensitive gameplay options; built-in Wi-Fi delivers free online services and gameplay; Virtual Console has major nostalgia appeal; compatible with all GameCube games and controllers; built-in SD slot for storage and photo viewing; latest bundle includes Wii Sports and Wii Sports Resort games, plus MotionPlus attachment; compatible with Netflix video streaming.which helps out on my family time with my kids. Controller eats batteries and takes some time to get used to. But just get some rechargeable batteries and your fine. it has goten my kids of off the couch and getting up and playing
console_nintendo_wii|My great-grandchildren thoroughly enjoy the WII games, so their satisfaction mitigates my own disappointment in failure to satisfactorily stream movies with NetFlix using the WII. So far the movies still hang up every 10 minutes.
console_nintendo_wii|The Wii is great! I love that it has Wii Sports Resort. The Wii Sports Resort is regularly $50. It is awesome because Wii Sports Resort has 12 games for $50 while most people pay $30 for ONE game. The only bad thing is it only comes with one remote and one nunchuck. To play two player you must buy another remote and nunchuck for about $40. I could get a game for that! I think you should still buy it. It is really fun. Great for hot summers. Good for when guests come over. Better than DS because the Wii is good exercise and very social. Have fun!
console_nintendo_wii|I went through the trouble of returning a wii I got for Christmas because It was not backward compatible. And... It cost only 120$, then I come here and see the wii I want and it did indeed say backward compatible at the time, and was 160$. So I figured it was the right wii I wanted because it was more expensive then the ones sold at stores. So my order came and what do you know It's a wii that isn't compatible! I don't know why anybody would want to buy the same wii at stores that is 120$ for 160$ on the internet, and now I look at my product I ordered on this site and backward compatibility is not listed? I don't know who to blame at this point but I'm very disappointed to say the least, having to wait 2 extra days then expected, only to get the wrong product.
console_nintendo_wii|The product features states that this version of the console is BACKWARDS COMPATIBLE with nintendo GAMECUBE games and controllers, but the version i received (FROM SELLER WORLD WIDE DISTRIBUTORS) was NOT. I am very disappointed of both amazon and the seller for the false advertising. Apparently it's the same thing with other sellers.
console_nintendo_wii|OMG my family is loving the wii. I have got a few more games that we are trying to figure out, because we are far from being young. Wii is good for parties.
console_nintendo_wii|i love to bowl and this game is so much fun i forget the time and realize i have been exercising vigorously for over an hour, great game, the tennis is great also.
console_nintendo_wii|We had an issue with the sensor bar. Seller was quick to refer us to Ninetindo for a replacement under warrenty. Received a new one and unit works great. Just took several days to actually get it to work after we received the Wii unit and wait for Ninetendo. Did receive the Wii quicker than stated on original sell which was good.
console_nintendo_wii|I admit to being slow to make the purchase of a video game system and being behind the times. In fact, the last dedicated game console I bought was a Nintendo. No, not a Gamecube....an 8-bit Nintendo.However, I decided it was time to see how far the technology had come. So, I bought this bundle from Amazon.com. Here's my rundown:Overall console setup: this was easy. Plug it in, connect it to the A/V jacks on the TV. I have an older TV but it's recent enough to have basic A/V jacks so it was an easy fix. The instructions were simple.Connecting the controllers and synchronizing them with the system was a simple push-button exercise. This included setup of two non-Nintendo controllers purchased.Included games: I like the included Wii Sports Resort but haven't played much of the Wii Sports. Sports Resort is a little better, and takes advantage of the Motion Plus system. Plus, sword fighting is just plain fun.The included channels like Internet, News, and Weather are ok, but the system isn't worth buying just for those components. The system is built for Wi-Fi, and navigating the internet with just a point and click is a little difficult. Pre-fed news headlines are ok but there is no way to really customize that feed. Also the weather is nice, however the available locations are a little sparse in my part of the world.The battery usage is tolerable. I'm not sure that you could make a device that uses batteries that won't garner complaints that the batteries don't last long enough. As far as battery life, I've used rechargeables, Duracells, Energizers, cheap batteries...so I don't know how long they last. Some weeks (like rainy ones) see more Wii usage than other weeks. The battery monitors are fairly accurate to warn you that the batteries are going down.As the price keeps dropping leading up to the new Wii, this system is still worth it for the casual family gamer. Right now, we're using ours for fun and using the separately purchased Wii Active from EA Sports as a fitness starter.
console_nintendo_wii|I love Nintendo Wii. Its titles are very original, its innovative approach to gaming is refreshing and its overall quality as a product surpases both the PS3's and the Xbox 360's. However, Wii's poor graphics against those of the PS3 and the Xbox 360 make it hard to enjoy games where mature stories and realistic effects are the main theme. Of course, the commercial weight of graphics in the industry is a matter of bias. It is this commercial weight that drives the big titles away from Nintendo, such as Modern Warfare 2, Heavy Rain, Assasin's Creed, etc. Those that do make it to the Wii are cartooned, like FIFA 10. Some titles, though, have exclusive material for the Wii that balances the battle against other consoles (e.g., the upcoming Star Wars: Force Unleashed II). In the end, the Wii owner either loves Nintendo's franchises (Mario, Metroid, Zelda, Smash Bros.), knows or investigates specifically what games to look for, or plays strictly between the Everyone and the Teen ratings of the ESRB. PS Move and MS's Kinect make the Wii controls argument invalid. Oh, and you buy it to play videogames, because it doesn't play movies, music or stores your files.I strongly recommend the Wii as a gaming console. If you are not a hardcore gamer, more so. If you often play with friends or family, even more so. But if you are a selective gourmet or a hardcore gamer, you will need more than the Wii. You'll need every console in the market.
console_nintendo_wii|My granddaughter wanted one for her birthday, so being loving g'parents, but knowing nothing about video games, we bought this for her.She, and her friends have been having a ball with it. I figure it's money well spent!!
console_nintendo_wii|We have never been into "gaming", before now we have the Wii (Black). We have spent 4 hours one night doing fitness! You are sore when you get out of bed the next morning! Who would have thought you could have so much fun and be staying healthy?!?!The black console is very sleek and stylish blends in well with the decor, much better than I think the white would.
console_nintendo_wii|I bought this as a gift for my son in law, who is stationed at Fort Hood, and he loves it. He is very pleased with it and has had no problems.
console_nintendo_wii|Excellent product, great pricing, and fast shipping make for an exceptional deal. I highly recommend this game system and accessories. The fun in my house never ends!
console_nintendo_wii|I had to send it into nintendo repairs TWICE to get it to play a copy of Metriod Trilogy. Test your wii with smash bros or metriod trilogy while it is still under warranty! You may have to have it repaired in order to play those games.The first time I sent it in they just sent me a new wii (with the same problem). The second time they actually took the time to clean the lens and it works now.
console_nintendo_wii|This seller sent me the console and remote only. No game came with it, and the remote was not even the original. The remote frequently messes up, but hey.. at least I got a wii for $68.
console_nintendo_wii|The Fine Print * All submitted reviews are subject to the license terms set forth in our Conditions of Use. * Your reviews will be posted within 48 hours. * Submissions that do not follow our review guidelines will not be posted. * If you believe that the product you are reviewing is unsafe, please report this information to the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) or contact Amazon.com directly.
console_nintendo_wii|I've never purchased anything through Amazon that has not totally satisfied. I always am confident That Amazon will protect me in the marketplace. This particular WII product is new and I really didn't know much about it but I've had no problem with it and know if I did Amazon stands behind me.
console_nintendo_wii|This is a Nintendo Wii. We're all pretty much familiar with them. Wii Sports, Metroid Prime 3, The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess, and more from the perennial player. This model however also includes the "Wii Motion Plus" and "Wii Sports Resort" as well. The Wii Motion Plus does make a significant difference in the ability of the Wii to track location and movement accurately, and it is used effectively by Wii Sports Resort.In all reality however, the single biggest reason I bought this is to satisfy my near-OCD on my home theater setup. My electronics have to be black or metallic in color. My PS2, PS3, and Sega Saturn are all black, I bought an Xbox 360 Elite partially for that reason, and I even replaced my launch-day Sega Dreamcast with a "Sega Sports" edition for purely aesthetic reasons. Which then led to my covering my Wavebird receiver with black masking tape for that same purpose.All in all, it's a good piece of hardware. I don't use it nearly as much as my Xbox 360 or PS3 because of my preferred games. For example, in the past year it's been Brutal Legend, Dragon Age, Mass Effect 2, Heavy Rain, Red Dead Redemption, and Just Cause 2 as my favorites. However the ability to play Super Metroid without emulating on my PC or having the occasional party game with the Wii makes it a definite worthwhile purchase. Recommended.
console_nintendo_wii|I placed this order on April 9th and have been waiting and waiting for it to be shipped? can you at least have some info on what's going on other than saying 'not shipped'? Thanks.
console_nintendo_wii|Please do not waste your money on this overrated gaming console. I should've known it was going to be crap when I found out it doesn't even play DVDs(as every other gaming console does). From controllers that work only when they feel like it to the lack of consistent wireless network connection, this is quite possibly the worst product ever put out by Nintendo. I will be satisfied with this product when it is in a million tiny pieces after I've smashed it up.
console_nintendo_wii|I bought a wii consola in amazon but it cannot read any disk. When I called to Wii for help, I found out that the serial number of my consola did not exist, so it was fake.
console_nintendo_wii|I always wanted a wii,I am glad I waited to save for it.I got the black NEW one and it looks better in person than I imagine.I got mines at local target and I got home and set it up under 10 mins with a newborn in my arms that is how easy it is to install.I like that it comes with the quick start set up with the pictures so,you can see how it all goes.I love the training part of the game in wii sports because it gets me into a workout and is fun..I do love the boxing..it works up a sweat...I got the wii basically for getting back into shape and losing the baby fat.I plan on buying soon the dance revelation game and outdoor games next month..My husband is NOT a GAMER.His played it and he loves it..and now he looks forward to coming home.lol!! my daughter likes playing swords and training in tennis,I plan on renting her some games and gamestop soon too.the games are expensive so,I suggest you rent the games before you buy them..if you decide later on you can buy them.I have tried the dance and outdoor games at friends house..So,i will buy them for my OWN wii. I am caring for a newborn he eats every 3-4 hrs and I can say in between me catching some sleep I can sneak in 20 mins every other hour and get 2 hrs of a workout without steping out the HOUSE..love wii.true gamer.
console_nintendo_wii|The Wii system along with the XBOX 360 the best game system. Love all the sports game. I am over 60 and my grandchildren talked me in to getting the Wii. It is wonderful for us older generation.
console_nintendo_wii|I lost 1.5 kg playing Wii Tennis Sport in a week...play 1 hr a day....I feel so healthy....
console_nintendo_wii|I prefer the less family friendly *adult* games on PS3 and am a die hard GTA'er . Though Wii doesn't have GTA, it does have some other adult friendly games like Call of Duty: Modern Warfare: Reflex & Trauma TeamWhat I love about Wii is the fact that it pulls you off the couch. Their interactive physical fitness games make working out fun which can make all the difference in the world in whether or not a person works out. I especially like Your Shape, Just Dance & Don King Boxing.Set up is quick and easy. Very user friendly - anyone can play it and you needn't be a hardcore gamer.So long as the wrist straps are secured, there is no reason to expect anything but positive results. I just wish there was a choice of background music and audio that accompanies the games.Great investment(both money and time)
console_nintendo_wii|I got the bundle with the motion control plus and WII Sports Resort. My son wanted a X-Box and was mad until we started playing. Now he and I are very happy. Have it about 2 months now and everything works as advertised. Even the off brand second remote works great. The remotes eat batteries so rechargeables are the way to go. Other than that, great system.
console_nintendo_wii|I bought this system to try to have fun with the family but to get us involved in it not just sit there and play. This fits the bill. We play wii sports and resorts and they both have you up and making the motions needed for whatever the sport is that you are playing at the time. The whole family loves it and it is a nice break from the boring tv.
console_nintendo_wii|Amazon was very prompt in delivering my Wii and it is everything it is supposed to be! My husband and I, 74 and 69, respectively, are having a blast playing the Sports resort games! We seldom go to the movies and there are not many opportunities for wholesome entertainment where we live, so this has been an enriching addition to our lives. We've even had friends over to play. Thanks for a fun time, Wii and Amazon! We will be purchasing more games as well.
console_nintendo_wii|I bought this Wii to replace an older one that broke (power surge). I was pleasantly surprised with the inclusion of Internet channel as a free product and WiiSports Resort is a pretty neat addition to the pack. Overall a good product.
console_nintendo_wii|We all get together and have bowling competitions and table tennis marathons. We resort sports is great. I have fios and my modem is wireless so it was painless to set up to internet. Love all the options. Read the news almost everyday. Netflix runs great. I did buy the composite or component wire not sure which term from ebay for less than 5 dollars and the picture is great on my HD tv. Can't wait to get wii fit.
console_nintendo_wii|I have had a PS3 for years but have missed Mario and the innocent-family-fun games that go with Nintendo products. I never had the "justification" to get another game console until now--I just had surgery and will be on bedrest for many months...so, I took the plunge.Now, this is no PS3. I was disappointed in the fact that HDMI true-HD technology isn't even available on the Wii. I run my console games on a high-end LED HDTV, and I was disappointed that I couldn't take advantage of that capability on the Wii. That aside, after using the Monster Cable component cables for the Wii does help a LOT with screen resolution.The new controllers are confusing to me (but I "am" over 40, and have only been exposed to the regular-old Nintendo/PS3/XBox360 controllers). I do like how they are "point and press"--that fascinates me...I just bought the wheels for Mario Kart and I do like how they are able to utilize the regular controller (costing less in the long run).The games are beautifully-colored, and loads of fun. They are relatively easy to use and figure out, but very challenging at the same time. I still love the Mario games and their family-friendly game interface. I like these sports-games that have you "moving" (ie bowling, baseball, skydiving, etc.). And of course, having a Wii compels your kids to spend more time with you, too (mine are in their 20's).So, be aware that you won't have the video quality or the PS3 or XBox360, but you will have Mario and the family-friendly games that go with Nintendo.And, the price is right! I am very happy that the new game console itself now comes in black, so it matches the rest of my video components, too. It looks quite seamless now, and frankly, the white color of the original was keeping me from getting one, too....
console_nintendo_wii|The Wii with Wii Sports Resort comes with a MotionPlus controller, nunchuk, Wii Sports and Wii Sports Resort. You get everything you got with the original Wii, and more. Not to mention you now have the option to purchase it in black. I've had a lot of fun playing the different games with friends and family.
console_nintendo_wii|We have Play Station 3 and X-box 360 and we need this game too. They are all great because they are all different. We have 4 controllers and the whole family gets in on the fun with the Wii.
console_nintendo_wii|Same great Wii, just coloured black with everything else these days.Like Mac's and ect...It's a great bundle. You get both Wii Sports and Wii Sports Resort, a WiiMote, a MotionPlus, a Nunchuck, and the consol in black.The WiiMote, MotionPlus, Nunchuck, and WiiMote Jacket are all black too, which was nice as I ordered a pink WiiMote and MotionPlus bundle and only the WiiMote was pink.My only complaint is that the consol is that glossy piano black material that attracts finger prints, and not a tactile black. I don't touch the consol enough for this to matter though, just the disk drive, you can turn it on with the WiiMote so it's not nearly as much of a problem as my other glossy piano black items.
console_nintendo_wii|It has games great for a party or when it to cold/hot to go outside to do some of these things or if you don't have thousands to spend on the equipment required to perform them
console_nintendo_wii|Like many, I owned one of the first Nintendo Wii's available in 2006. I've been an avid gamer since I was 6 years old with my first Nintendo. and it's just went up since then. I'm normally a PC Gamer (WOW, etc). but Wii is still one of my favorite systems because of these games like Sports and Resort. I am REALLY happy that the system finally showed up in Black, and is bundled with Resort and Motion Plus together for 200 dollars, that's a great deal!
console_nintendo_wii|I'm very happy with my black Wii set it makes for beautiful decor and matches nicely with my black HD TV too
console_nintendo_wii|I've played Wii at parties and friends houses before, but was not thrilled with the all white box as I felt it would stand out too much in my home theatre shelving. When I found out there was a black version coming, I decided to jump on board.The console comes with Wii Sports and Wii Sports Resort. Wii Sports is the original game that came with Wii, and I don't expect much game play from it. That's because Sports Resort copies the best games, and adds MANY more to the mix. The big differences are Tennis becomes Ping Pong and there is no boxing or baseball in Sports Resort. I like tennis, but find the Ping Pong to be a suitable replacement and fun in it's own right.Sports Resort makes use of an add-on called the Motion plus adapter. It adds about 2" to overall length of the Wiimote. One Motion Plus adapter is included with this bundle (and only one Wiimote) so to play against friends, you will need at least one more Wiimote, Motion Plus adapter, and a Nunchuck to take full advantage of every game. Sports Resort uses the Motion Plus for every game, and the Nunchuck for about 1/3 of them. The most clever use of the nunchuck is the Archery game where you hold the Wiimote like a bow, and "draw" the nunchuck back like the bowstring.The game play is intuitive and quick to learn for anyone. This is a GREAT party game, but playability alone is fair at best. It is important to consider the space you play in to ensure you have enough room to accomodate players as they move around to play the games.The Wii uses composite cables to connect to the TV, which is easy but is decidely low-definition. In-game the graphics are secondary (at least with the included games) so it's not a problem. It looks good even on my 46" 1080p TV.Overall, the value of this bundle is great, and if you want to "hide" the Wii in a sea of black boxes like I did, this is the one to get.
console_nintendo_wii|i ordered this wii system as a gift for my lil brother and it arrived in time for x-mas but it did not include the two wii sports games that were included lucky i was smart enough to order an additional game otherwise he have had anything to play on his new gift i tried to contact the seller but to no avail im still waiting on a reply but i will not hold my breath
console_nintendo_wii|i am very happy with this game. was very happy with the shipment came in two too three days and right to house it was a great help i dont drive and was looking to get one but put it off did not want to have to take it on bus,have it come to the house made up my mind have not stop playing love it love the sight will be doing more shoping on this sight.have got burned on other sight not this one so very happy.thangs
console_nintendo_wii|I had postponed buying a Wii for a long time till this offer came alone, but with all that is included (the new motion plus and wii sport ans sport resort) I knew it was about time. I bet on the 2 disks included to at least have one game we might like... boy was I wrong! my husband felt in love with Wii Sport Resort and the use of the motion plus. Playing Table tennis on it feels like playing the real thing. And the golf? FUN FUN FUN. Also, the basketball and bowling are worth mentioning since up to 4 players can play at the same time, increasing the enjoyment.Make sure to have at least one more wiimote with motion plus to really benefit from it.On the con side, some of the sport feel like exercise, not like fun, like biking, but nothing that will make me rate it less than 5 stars.
console_nintendo_wii|Forgive me Source-Code for I have sinned. For years I was a dedicated PC-gamer. I though ill of gaming consoles, considering them consumer-toys rather than entertainment systems. Who needs overpriced and oversized gaming consoles that can play Movie-DVDs and even BluRayDisks when most good games are released for PCs as well and they look and play better on them, right? Well, the NINTENDO Wii is a different breed.Gaming on the Wii is an experience one has to live at least once - but preferably whenever he or she feels blue. Sure, it may not sport the cutting-edge graphical capabilities of a SONY PS3 or the game titles selection of the XBox. Nevertheless, most Wii games take full advantage of the console's capabilities and the exclusive games selection include the unsurpassable The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess, the absorbing Metroid Prime Trilogy, the mesmerizing Okami and the soothing Endless Ocean: Blue World.Not to mention the capabilities of Wii Fit Plus and Wii Sports Resort when coupled with a Wii Balance Board!If you can still find one, I would advise buying the (Limited edition) black one. I keep mine in our TV room and the black blends perfectly with my other home entertainment electronics. In any case, do not miss the revolution.There is simply no other console that offers so much fun. Both SONY and MICROSOFT have technologically excellent gaming consoles - but NINTENDO is the only one that always keeps in mind that gaming is supposed to be FUN.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!
console_nintendo_wii|While raising my boys (now 20, 24, and 27) I tried and tried to play their video games, but could never quite get the hang if it. Well, I never had TIME to PRACTICE! Now that they're all grown up, for my birthday - with their help, I got a Wii!!! What fun! I don't have tons of time to practice, but since I'm not running to events, practices, parent's groups, etc. I have SOME time.... The game is great. Intuitive (even for me) and fun - easy to set-up and learn. In no time flat, I was up-and-running with my personalized Wii-Mii (I think that's it...) and downloading games, playing games that came with the system, and scouring the internet/pawn shops for MORE games.I had my kids over for dinner not long ago. At the end of the meal I pulled out the controllers and we began to play. 3 hours later, I had successfully won almost every game. It was wonderful.:-) Probably not the review you were expecting, but there are SOME that will understand......I'm not a Wii Rock-Star! Woo Hoo!!! LOVE IT!
console_nintendo_wii|Though I had been a Nintendo fan since the original NES, the less than stellar N64 and Gamecube had diminished my faith in the company (as you can see in my older Gamecube reviews). They had allowed Sony to come in and takeover the market with its Playstation brand. However, Nintendo decided to go back to the drawing board and released a monster of a system that would separate them from the rest of the industry. Enter the Wii.I was initially skeptical of motion controls as I had seen it attempted before in gaming but Nintendo hit the right spot. They included a copy of the mega-popular Wii Sports with every console. Wii Sports contained various easy to pick up and play, yet enjoyable sports games. For the first time ever, my mom, girlfriend, or any of my non-gamer friends can gather around the TV and enjoy a videogame together. The motion controls aren't 100% accurate but they are good enough to get the job done. At first Wii Sports was the only game I owned for the Wii but as time passed more major releases came out. Now there are many great games such as Mario Kart Wii, Mario Party 8, New Super Mario Bros., and my personal favorite, Super Smash Bros. Brawl. All of these games are highly accessible to all types of people and provide a group gaming experience that the rival Playstation 3 and Xbox 360 are unable to match. When I have friends over they always want to play the Wii.Another bonus for the Wii is the Wii Store. Here you can purchase several older titles from past Nintendo systems. From Mario 64 to Mike Tyson's Punchout, all the popular titles are here. Since buying many of these titles can be rather expensive over time, I only picked up my absolute favorites.Now no system is without its faults. So I'll go into those of the Wii. Most faults will be in comparison to its rival consoles, the PS3 and 360. The biggest difference is the graphics. The other systems are capable of displaying games in high definition (720p/1080p), while the Wii is limited to enhanced definition (480p) at best. The Wii also is the only one of the three systems to not include a built-in hard drive for storage. The last major difference is the online. The Wii has online play but the interface is not quite as fluid or user friendly as those on the PS3 and Xbox 360. My only other knock on the Wii is the price of the controllers. The controller consists of the Wii-Mote and and Nun-Chuk. The Wii-Mote runs for $40 and the Nun-chuk for $20 so you're looking at $60 total for a controller. A little on the expensive side. While not a personal complaint of my own, I do notice many gamers complaining about the Wii's third party(non-Nintendo) titles, or lack thereof. Major titles like Call of Duty MW2, Assassin's Creed, and Grand Theft Auto simply pass over on the Wii. While it would always be nice to have a larger selection of games, the Wii is meant to provide a different type of gaming experience than the PS3 and 360. For people who want those kinds of games, I think it's best to have both a Wii and either a 360 or PS3. Most Wii owners seem content with Nintendo's own titles for the system and don't seem to care for most of the 360/PS3 library. This is also why I don't judge the Wii so harshly for missing some of the features I listed above that the other systems have.Finally, on to this specific Black Wii bundle. When I heard of this bundle's release, I sold my old Wii on eBay and purchased the black one here on Amazon. This bundle includes all of the things that the original Wii had except you now get Wii Sports AND Wii Sports Resort. I have yet to play Wii Sports Resort (been playing Super Smash Bros), but I've heard it builds upon the fun of the original Wii Sports. I was mainly excited for the new color. Everything else in my entertainment center is black, the HDTV, the PS3, my stereo and speakers, so that white Wii stood out like a sore thumb. Now it's in matching shiny black and fits in perfectly. This is a great bundle for only $199 and I highly recommend it to all gaming fans.
console_nintendo_wii|1) Game quality. Nintendo makes some great Wii software, but no other company that I know of does. Super Mario Galaxy 1 & 2 are two of the best video games ever made (not just my opinion look at the all time top ten lists yourself); Donkey Kong Country Returns is a great platformer; Wii Fit is used by my wife every day; and we like the sports games.Unfortunately, the other companies that produce software see the Wii as a system that is for kids, and kids do not have money and they do not make purchasing decisions. So the games they release for the Wii are designed to have a low sticker price and rock bottom development costs. So be very careful what games you buy.2)The wii is 99% game console. You can stream Netflix with it though, and they have a decent weather/news channel, but mostly it is just for games. The PS3 streams, plays cds, dvds, and it is a bluray player. The xbox has no bluray, but can stream from your computer. If you need something to play blurays and stream media from your PC, and see gaming as bonus feature, the PS3 is the most economical way to go. The wii used to be able to play dvds, but pirates discovered a way to play pirated games on burnt dvds, so Nintendo had to remove that feature.4) Graphics. Everybody knows that the Wii is SD and the other two are HD. But really, its not that big a deal. The other two do not present their games in full 1080; rather because of hardware limitations, most games for those systems are 780. You can have just a good of a time playing in SD as HD, of course ymmv.5) Motion controls. They are just gimmicks, imo. For 'real' games, they are a nuisance and often times negatively affect game play. For example, in the galaxy games you have to waggle the controller to make Mario spin. Every once in a while he will spin for no reason if you slightly adjust your hand position, and other times when you want him to spin, the controller wont register. It doesn't happen often, but it does happen enough to make me wish I could turn motion control off. I can't say much about the move, but I know the kinect also has drawbacks: lack of precision, lag, and the fact you need 12 feet of free space if you are going to play with two peopleThe one exception the above is the Just Dance games. My wife and I have a lot of fun dancing together.The biggest drawback though, is that they can lead to physical problems. No joke. There are a bunch of potential injuries from the Wii; most of them are related to the upper extremities: shoulder, elbow and wrist. So if you are over 25, you may hurt yourself if you aren't aware.You're doing an activity in a way that you could not do in real life. For example, when you play the tennis game, you can hit hundreds/thousands of virtual tennis balls. But when you play real tennis outside, you have to run and chase balls and you can only do that for so long before you get tired. So with game 'sports', you are able to do a lot more of a repetitive activity quicker and for a longer time. Which can add up to an overuse type of injury.I discovered this playing Tiger Woods PGA 11. With real golf, 18 holes takes all day. With Tiger, you can do it in 45 minutes. My shoulder became sore from swinging the remote as you really have to swing hard to get distance. Before long I was selling the game. As a side note, I paid 59 and got 14 for it, so I'm guessing I'm not the only one.5) Price. It is the cheapest system, which is nice. But be warned: things do add up. Here is approx what we spent when we bought it: $209 (game system) + $55 (2nd controller and you will want 2 controllers) + $25 (2nd nun chuck)= $280.But the other systems are even pricier, for example to get an xbox system up and running: $399 (125 gig version), $150 Kinect, $40 second controler, $80 for Xbox live subscription = $670 and that is with no extra games.Other notes: Microsoft and Sony have both lost money on the current generation of consoles. Sony because they wanted to push bluray while hddvds were still a threat, and microsoft because they wanted to buy their way into the game console business and they have a big wallet. Nintendo couldn't do that because they make their living off of consoles and games, where as for MS and Sony it's just a small part of their organizations.So Nintendo built and designed a system with a very focused goal. They did a good job at picking hardware and designing a gaming system that squeezes every gram of power out of the components. The company president said when they were making it they wanted a small, quiet video game machine that most people could afford, and that's what they made.Conclusion: My wife uses the wii fit daily and enjoys the exercise programs such as ea sports (i think thats what it is called). For me, I buy the occasional game such as Donkey Kong Country Returns, but it's not something I use everyday.Don't get me wrong, imo the wii is worth getting just to play the 2 galaxy games, and yes they are that good.So for us the system has been worth the price paid and we look forward to see what Nintendo comes up with next.
console_nintendo_wii|mis hijos estan muy felices gracias a este regalo. muchas graciasespero seguir comprando mas de estosgracias y que dios los bendiga
console_nintendo_wii|The product description specifically states that this console is backwards compatible with Nintendo Gamecube games and controllers, but the one we received (from seller TRG) was NOT. The kids opened it Christmas day and tried to hook it up, but it wouldn't work. We checked the box and sure enough, it says &#34;This Wii console is not compatible with Nintendo GameCube Game Discs or accessories.&#34; Not sure whether to blame Amazon or the seller, but either way it's false advertising and a big disappointment on Christmas.
console_nintendo_wii|Product description states: &#34;backwards compatibility to all Nintendo GameCube games and most peripherals.&#34; This is untrue. When I received the console it stated specifically on the box: &#34;This Wii console is not compatible with Nintendo GameCube game discs or accessories.&#34;
console_nintendo_wii|I own a Wii and recently bought another one from GoHastings as a Christmas present for a relative. They did two things wrong. One they didn't put any kind of filler inside the box to cushion the Wii in shipment, meaning it was sliding and bouncing around inside the box on its way to my house. Two they shipped it inside a retail box, meaning when my relative went out to get the mail they knew immediately what they were getting for Christmas.They advertised it as being in &#34;Very Good&#34; condition. It certainly wasn't when it arrived.I can't stress enough how stupidly this company shipped this item. Who puts a one-hundred dollar electronic in an empty box with no filler? And then ships it in a retail box in December?The Wii itself is awesome, which is why I gave it 5 stars. Just don't buy yours from GoHastings.
console_nintendo_wii|Device is ok but Sports software missing. One of only a few disappointments in my dozens of purchases from ebay.
console_nintendo_wii|This bundle is One hudred eighty-four dollars and ninety-five cents on Amazon Prime, so I went to Best Buy and got it for One hundred nineteen dollars and ninety-nine cents. I got it for my technology illiterate momz to learn how to interact with technology, in a fun and active way. It didn't work out very well.She doesn't enjoy having to click through so many screens, so often. Always having to aim the cursor in a box and clicking really messes with her brain. She can't grasp the concept. She complains that it's not as accurate as "real life ping-pong". She said it gives her a headache.The games are pretty basic, and they're as fun as the real thing (to me, but not to my momz). It all depends on the company you're playing with, I would think. It's accurate enough to be fun, for me anyway.The cartoonish characters are family friendly and even though it's only 480p resolution, it works. I like it much better than spending four hundred on the new "u" wii.All the extra choices before you choose the game disc, and the entire start-up sequence, really confuse the heck out of my momz.
console_nintendo_wii|Our kids really love the Wii and I approve because they have to be continually moving to play the games.
console_nintendo_wii|The tittle says it all, it is an amazing combo to new users as well as for someone who wants to replace the white console (if you feel like it, of course there is no technical reason for buying a new one if yours works just fine! )I just wish the Nintendo would come up with a Wii fitness (balance board) black as well.very happy with it, it looks sharp and it is fun!
console_nintendo_wii|I absolutely LOVE my new black Wii console!It's way cooler than the plain white one I had.Black is a color that never goes out of style!
console_nintendo_wii|I've been waiting for the black Wii for quite some time and I'm so happy for it. I love the black. It comes with the nunchuck, motion plus and sports resort, which is SUCH a GREAT deal.I was lucky and found Wii Play with a Wiimote for $30 so, I'm perfectly fine having to buy another wiimote. This package is amazing.
console_nintendo_wii|When we first decided to buy a Wii, I didn't realize that there is more to it than that. White or black? How many remotes? What is Wii Fit? Is it the balance board, the software, what?After reading a handful of reviews, I decided that this configuration was the way to go -- and I still believe I was correct (not always the case). The black box fits nicely with our other TV components. The Wii Resort software that comes with the package is so cool as a starter set that I haven't felt the need to purchase other software (yet).One game in particular has been the source of many hours of fun: Island Flyover. Why? Because it was easy to learn (I'm 55) yet well designed enough to keep me engaged looking for landmarks, white balloons to shoot, etc. Hey, is anyone aware of any other games like this one? If not, somebody should design one or more. I'd buy them!
console_nintendo_wii|So the wii is the interactive game of the decade, blah blah blah, everyone says that. But why should you buy the black wii with the Sports Resort package? First, I'll say this is my second wii, (lost my first one in a split up), so the wii itself isn't a new thing to me, so I'm reviewing this package deal.Well, I bought the black wii to match my tv and other electronics, and was planning on painting the base black to match (does come silver), but after setting it up, it matches the silver speakers built into my 2 TV's perfectly! That ensured the 5th star for Nintendo.Getting a basic wii years ago, you'd get a basic sports disc that was short lived, this wii sports resort is a full set of games and challenges, this could keep you busy for quite some time. The inclusion of the Motion Plus is indeed a nice touch also, this is the full package for 1 player.My recomendations - may as well pick up a second Motion Plus Controller and Nunchuck with your order so 2 people can play from the start, and unless you like changing/charging batteries all the time pick up an Induction Charger like the one I got: Wii Energizer Flat Panel 2x Induction ChargerIt's a wii, you love them or hate them, but this package and color option are well worth the money.**and don't forget, Amazon sometimes gives rebates with these, I got a $[...] game credit when this purchast finalized, very useful!!**
console_nintendo_wii|My son asked for money for his 6th birthday with the intent of buying a DSI. Boy did he make my husband happy when he decided on a Wii. My husband had it set up last night in no time and the kids have been trying to play it non stop since. So far we have only played the Sports Resort. Our 6 yr old loves the sword fighting and even the baby (almost 2) can attempt to play it. Our 4 yr old daughter loves the bowling. Table tennis, skydiving, and frisbee are all great as well! Those are the games we've played as of this morning.This is our first video game system for the family (my husband had a PS2 when we first got married) and I had read some complaints about the graphics on the Wii not being up to par with other systems but we feel that they are great! We aren't big gamers but I do feel that this will allow us to spend a lot of fun together and I love how you get to move around as you play.I would highly recommend this game system and being black just makes it fit in with our dvd player and tv. It also comes with an extra skin (black) that will fit a second remote when you hook in the motion plus to the bottom.Very easy to use and set up. The kids loved helping us create their Mii's (the person representing you as you play the games) and seeing our family of 5 on the tv! They're young, what can I say, it's the little things that make them happy!
console_nintendo_wii|Its really an overated system, graphics are old school and not in a good way.. It's really nice for NETFLIX though and thats what we really use it for.. We also use it when we decide to have company, it keeps them entertained... I honestly don't think its that great...
console_nintendo_wii|Nintendo has been around for so many years and really took gaming to another level with its consoles and truly became the brand of choice for gamers way back in the 80s and 90s.Now things have changed Nintendo are competing against two other forces in the gaming industry,namely Sony and Microsoft who went towards more "mature" appealing games.With the buzz about the other consoles the XBOX 360 and the PS3,Nintendo had to deliver something unique,something different.With the Wii Nintendo hopes to reach the non-gamer and casual gamer market,which they did so far. Up until now in America there is only one edition of the Wii, the white colored one. This changed as on May 9th 2010 the black Wii was finally released. It would be cool to have more colors to pick from but black is my preferred choice anyway and I must say the Wii looks great that way! The bundle it comes it is not bad either, okay it's the exact same thing as you get with the regular Wii but they added Wii Sports Resort to the pack and you can't go wrong with that game.WHATS NEW?:The Wii innovates with its controls as you really make the move,best example would be Wii sports included with the Wii,it makes your gamer at home do some exercises while having some fun.Nintendo Wii can appeal to nearly anyone from the 3 year old kid to the seventy-eight years old grandmother.Its a unique system to say the least that is fun and original as well as full of options for example you can buy a classic controller if you don`t like the Wiimote.LIVE CHANNEL:The Live Channel allows you to buy classic games from the NES,SNES,N64 which adds to the console.Playing a classic like Super Mario 64 on a new console is great.You have to buy point cards to buy games but its worth the bucks you will spend,the library of games available continues to grow,playing the first Zelda again is fun,the points varies like a game can be 1000 points.GAMES:A few good games were launched and great ones keep coming.Zelda Twilight Princess proves to be the best selling game of the Wii so far,Rayman Raving Rabids and Wario Ware Smooth Moves are fun and original games making great use of the Wii controls. Super Mario Bros Wii, Mario Galaxy and others have proven to be fun games for the Wii. There are the now popular exercise games like Wii fit which gives you physical benefits.It is also to not that the Nintendo Wii comes with a game. Wii Sports is creative and fun and for a game that comes with a console it proves to be a winner,with games like Wii Boxing,Tennis,Golf,Baseball,Bowling that you never get tired of,its a great party game.I don`t like the fact that there nearly are not any mature games(17+)which the PS3 and 360 support,that's what is lacking to the Wii in terms of games but there are some such as the excellent Madworld.GRAPHICS:Cannot compare to the PS3 or XBOX 360 at all.The graphics are a little better than the Gamecube to be honest,that's a minus to the Wii.The graphics of the Wii are simple but cool,but if you're looking NEXT-GEN visuals this is not your buy. However the Wii is the console that gives you a truly unique experience because it's competitors while having good console don't offer anything revolutionary like the Wii does.OVERALL: The Wii is fun,innovative and easy to get used to.A must-buy for anyone,even if its a second console.Easily the choice for partys and multiplayer.Maybe the Wii is not a DVD,HD-DVD or Blue-Ray player,graphics but it is surely the console that is the most fun! Some may wish more was included with the black Wii but I think those who really want it will pay money for it. I don't think it's worth selling you original Wii just to get this one unless you really want this black Wii.
console_nintendo_wii|When we heard the Wii was coming in black May 9th, we couldn't wait to get the new color. All of our electronic gear is black and the white Wii clashed with our setup. What made the decision better was the fact that GameStop was offering a good trade-in deal. So, we traded our white system, two controllers and two nunchuks in and got the new system for $50. Before trading the Wii in we unlinked our Club Nintendo account and removed our internet information. GameStop does reformat the systems when they're traded but Nintendo customer service advised us to go ahead and take care of removing those items before trading. When you open the box you get a sleek, shiny and high gloss black finish Wii along with a black Remote controller, black Nunchuk, black MotionPlus, Wii Sports Resort, original Wii Sports, Wii Remote jacket, manuals, sensor bar, various cords and the registration information for the two games. This is a great system, where you get more than you expect. We utilize all the features but our favorites include surfing the internet, Mii channel, Nintendo channel, and the Wii Shop channel. We love spending time playing the Wii as a family plus I have my own personal games that I like to play on the system.
console_nintendo_wii|I wanted a Used Wii with Wii Sports Resort package. I clicked on the Amazon picture of it, saw that it contained the console, remote/nunchuk, fit pad, three cd's, power source, etc. I then clicked on the 'Used' options and chose, not the least expensive one but rather the one with the best reviews. I chose Anna's Store.When received, Anna's Store had only sent me the console and one cd. No power source plug, no remote, no nunchuk, no fit pad, no directions; just the console, one cd. When I contacted Anna, from the emails back and forth, it was 'not her fault' that Amazon had advertised her product under the 'Wii with Wii Sports Resort - Black' as being identical to what she was actually offering. She did not take reponsibility for where her product was being offered and I got the impression that I would not be getting a refund as she had 'just lost her job'. I then went out and bought the missing pieces at a total cost that exceeded what Amazon would have charged me for their New product. By the time Anna's Store offered me a refund, it was too late and then she fussed about refunding me the postage. She was very polite, as was Amazon. They gave me a $20 certificate for the next time I purchase anything via Amazon.I am not happy, to say the least. I consider it false advertising and frankly, I do not care if it is Amazon's error or an Anna's Store error. I purchased this 'Used' product because of the Amazon endorsement, not because I trusted Anna's Store. And I am out $100 as a result.Dawn R.
console_nintendo_wii|I waited a long time to get this machine. I quit my gym so that I could get the Wii and work out at home. $200 is just around about how much it costs to go to my gym per year. I shopped around for the best prices and saw that Walmart was also doing a bundle but realized that with Amazon's free shipping (and no tax)- this was a much better deal.My order arrived in less than 2 days, even though I selected free shipping. Well done Amazon for being so on top of things. The black Wii looks really great with my TV set up. Someone mentioned the gray cord being an eyesore but you don't really see the cord because it comes out of the back side of the Wii. The body is really glossy and looks like it could be scratched up pretty easily.. so be careful with that when unboxing.I was disappointed that the Wii Sports resort disc/s were missing from the box (??!). I contacted amazon and they promptly sent out a replacement order (they can't replace just the discs.. ). No harm done. The other games I ordered have kept me busy and in shape (EA Sports and Just Dance).Two CONs1. I wished that the Wii had a better HD display.. some games look pixelated and blurry at times. It would be the perfect machine if it played blu-ray DVDs. Looking forward to set up the Netlfix function but am curious to know if the resolution will look okay.2. Does not include charging station. would prefer to use reusable battery methods vs. going through disposable kinds. If you buy the wrong kind of battery, it could leak and mess up your controller. Who uses batteries anymore these days?Overall, I am really happy with my purchase! Motionplus really adds to the experience. Also two thumbs up to Amazon for their great service and prices.
console_nintendo_wii|I am not a fan of video games, but I must admit that this is the best one out there, especially bundled with all the sports software. My family, from the preschooler (age 5) to the great-grandma (age 80), and everybody at every age in between, really enjoys playing the sports games, either solo or even better competitively. Now this includes a lot of couch potatoes, including me, so I am very happy to see everybody physically active, no matter how limited. The variety of games also allows for various levels of physical and mental abilities, depending on age and disability, and it permits individual and "team" choice and preference based on natural interest in one sport over another. This might just be the best thing to ever happen to "family togetherness" since the invention of television, which tends to isolate people from each other. Just from the standpoint of physical and mental exercise and challenge, the Wii is truly a bargain. And this bundle is an incredible bargain, combining so much hardware and software in one package. (I do wish there were a second Remote substituted for the Nunchuk, so as not to have to keep passing the Remote from player to player during the games. But I suspect Nintendo figured that this is a good way to increase profits, practically forcing people to purchase a second Remote for convenience sake, and I have to admit that at the Amazon price they may even be justified in taking that tack.) Of course, various family members also are puchasing their favorite arcade-type games as well, but again I have to admit, as a non-gamer, that those games also appear to be lots of fun and worthwhile, if you're into that type of entertainment. Finally, the design of the entire system looks and feels sleek and modern (especially in black), as well as sturdy. This is a real winner and a great deal at Amazon.
console_nintendo_wii|As you may or may not know already, the Nintendo Wii is not designed to be played sitting down like most other game systems (XBox, PS3 etc) and even though some practice with the remotes will teach you that big extravagant moves don't always get the best results, boy they are fun!With games for all ages included in both Wii Sports, and Wii Sports resort (both included with this new system) there is enough to keep the whole family amused, and entertained for hours.Some of the games require a little more dexterity to get the hang of, and can prove difficult for younger players, but we have had a lot of fun already in only a few short weeks.Whether you are standing up to bowl, jiggling from side to side to wake-board, or pumping your arms to cycle, this has to be good for you as at least some form of exercise.I like the black color and stand arrangement, it fit's nicely next to my home theater set up and is discreet and unobtrusive.The new "Motion Plus" controller utilizes Bluetooth technology and works effortlessly from most angles it seems, with very little drop off of control as was sometimes an issue with the older controllers.So, does the Wii satisfy the serious gamer? My answer would be probably not, this is a fun game system, and although there are a lot of titles including some M rated fighting and RPG games, this is not comparable to a PS3 or XBox.Why?Well for a start there is NO HDMI output, so no matter how good your home theater you won't get full HD, not even 720p really - why this is not included when you can stream Netflix through it with an internet connection escapes me, but this is one big difference for gamers.There is also only RCA output for audio, I have mine hooked through an AV receiver with forced surround, but the sound quality is limited - again this is no big deal for games maybe, but for internet and movies, not so good.So you want to connect to the internet, well again NO LAN???? - you need an LAN to USB connector I would recommend USB 2.0 High-Speed 10/100 Network Ethernet LAN Adapter - Wii Compatible or a good wireless USB drive.It also uses Bluetooth technology NOT infrared for the remotes, so you will not be able to program it to a universal remote.Yes the system is exceptionally priced, and for those wishing to add games, or the excellent Wii Fit workout platform and software, there is no real comparison.However, this set does not include everything - additional items to buy in the near future should be :A 2nd Wii Motion plus controller, and 2nd Nunchuk controller - this is not essential but 4 people or even 2 always using the same controller gets tiresome.The aforementioned LAN to USB connector to get onlineYou will need to order a Wii disc DIRECT from Netflix, and the disc must stay in the machine while you watch moviesA rechargeable battery pack (usually sold as a twin pack) and charging station, if not, and you play a lot, you will be buying a lot of AA batteries.Overall, an excellent system for a lot of fun the family can enjoy together. Probably not for hard nosed gamers who want the latest HD shredding graphics and sound though.5 stars
console_nintendo_wii|This is a wonderful, fun product. I have heard of Wii for a number of years, but never tried one. I wanted something that I could use for exercise at home, to fit into my schedule. Well, the Wii with the Fitness package fits the bill. It is fun, challenging, has loads of variety, and make me smile and laugh as I exercise. And, most importantly, this almost 60 year-old could hook it up and figure it out all by myself!!!!! I look forward to using my Wii everyday!
console_nintendo_wii|We are probably one of the last families in our neighborhood to buy a Wii but I am so glad that we waited until now to buy it. 1st, the price is lowered to $199 AND it now includes the motion attachment as well as Wii Resort which we think is loads of more fun than Wii Sport (which it also comes with). 2nd, it's now available in Black which is the color of my TV, blu-ray player, cable box etc. Color, in itself, would not have been a deciding factor but I am happy that we now have a choice! 3rd,you can order a disc from Netflix and with their $7.99/mth membership, you can download movies directly to your TV, using the Wii Wi-fi...how cool is that?The actual set-up was super-easy. It took 10 mins for me to not only set-up the Wii console but also sync it with my Netflix account (with the disc they mailed me). The children are having an absolute blast. My 9 year-old loves archery, and my 6 year-old loves golf and table tennis. The basketball game (Wii Resort) is very realistic...my shoulders were sore after playing it for awhile. The girls don't really play Wii Sports, so I am glad that I opted for this package with Wii Resort. This is truly FAMILY entertainment at its best !Finally, I debated a long time between the "New" package with Wii Resort + motion attachment or the traditional console (which can be found on Sale for $150) but in the end, I opted for the New Black Console Pkg and am thrilled with my decision. I would have been ecstatic if they had included an extra remote controller (a girl can dream right?) but it is an Awesome Deal ! And the new "look" is very sleek and blends in nicely with the rest of our electronics. I am happy that we finally joined the "Wii" bandwagon!
console_nintendo_wii|I am not a seasoned gamer. I've been playing low-key games for about a year on an older console (Game Cube) and wanted to get something more up-to-date. I decided I'd give this console a try because I like a couple of the games, Animal Crossing for one. I had an older copy on the Game Cube and thought the newer technology would have an updated version. I was mistaken. The graphics in this game has changed little, the voices, dialog, and other basic game aspects haven't changed at all. One thing that did change was the speed of the game, the Wii actually makes this game run slower on scene changes, a big disappointment.Don't get me wrong, it's still a decent console, lets you use Netflix via online access, and you don't have to buy special drives or disks to save your games, it can all be done on the console or a regular SD card. But I was surprised, given how new the game is, that it didn't have more updated features. But when you're spending over $200 you want something a little better than decent.The Wii, out of the box, cannot play a DVD, a feature I would have expected. I'm not asking for Blue Ray, although other consoles do have that, (along with a higher price tag). But if I want to use the Wii for a DVD I need to use either a ripper or Homebrew Channel, it's not just plug-n-play.I really did enjoy the Sports games, which is why I gave this review a 3. It has its moments of enjoyment for an adult. I'm just not sure how long the Sports pack would keep me coming back.One of the better features is the Wii's appeal to children. It's safe to say that finding a game for a younger child is far easier on the Wii than one of the other consoles and the games are less competitive, which I do find important. But I have to ask myself, do young children really need to be playing these games in the first place? A fort and a swingset still have a lot of enjoyment for a child, if offered. During winter months though, I suppose a decent game console would be appropriate...Bottom line, for me, this console is just too basic. I don't know yet if I'll keep it or not. The Wii might be OK for the kids or for a group of people to play the sports games, but the investment for the controllers is a bit steep, for the quality of the console itself. I've sampled the PS3, and though there aren't as many nice simulations games for that, there are some that I enjoy and it's got more to offer overall, even the Demos have an appeal on the PS3.If the Wii had offered a more updated version of technology and/or game upgrades I might have liked it better and given it a higher grade. Instead, I feel a bit cheated, and sorry I spent more than $200 when my Game Cube offered me exactly the same level of entertainment and satisfaction.
console_nintendo_wii|The Wii was a very cool system when it came out with it's motion sensor technology. I own both the Wii and an Xbox 360, just comparing them off of graphics (how they look) the Wii is lacking in that department compared to the other consoles out there, which take full advantage of the current HD technology in TV's. Gameplay/Interface on the console is very different than what everyone is used to with regular consoles so it is a very refreshing change of pace from button mashing a controller, using the wii-mote and nunchuck was very nice and did not take too long to get used to, and they work well together while playing the games. The variety of games and accessories on the console are very good with backwards compatibility with gamecube games gives it a lot of games, but those games are mainly aimed towards ages 5-14: so basically they are aimed towards family friendly games and young kids. Their games that have online multiplayer the online can be a bit choppy and you need to create multiple tags for each game. There is a plethora of accessories for the wii as you can probably find out for yourself that help improve the sensor recognition or attachments such as tennis rackets and guitars to name a few which help make the game feel a bit more real. Overall the Wii is a good console to have or start out with and that is something the whole family can enjoy together, sadly though it is a console that will gather dust in the near future unless you do not get another console like an Xbox 360 or a PS3. The Wii is sadly a secondary console with sub-par graphics(that I believe you can max out at 720i so basically basic HD), the games are focused on family and young kids who will eventually want a better games instead of playing mario and sonic all day. At the very least the Wii will provide a good source of entertainment with the classic Nintendo characters that we all know and will also work up a good sweat getting fit also. Eventually though, the Wii will do nothing but gather dust after a bit with nothing more than the fact that it's main point of interesting is it's motion senor gaming technology will become, spend the little extra money on another console if you are not going to play video games more that once or twice a week, if you do plan on playing a video game that little then the Wii will satisfy your gaming needs.
console_nintendo_wii|Finally the black Wii is here in the US! We decided weeks ago that we were finally going to get a Wii, and then we found out some "leaked" info that they were going to release the black Wii in America on May 9th, so we decided to wait until the black one came out. It is sleek, shiny, slim and matches all our other electronics. The black looks excellent and very high shine, it will definitely show fingerprints and dust but that's easy to clean off and it looks much better than the white Wii, it's very classy. This bundle was excellent as it includes Wii Sports Resort with Motion Plus (that game is so much fun!) and with the Motion Plus it has improved the accuracy on screen to 1:1 control! It also comes with the classic Wii Sports. So all in all you get the black Console, Black controller with Motion Plus, black Nunchuck, Wii Sports and Wii Sports Resort. EXCELLENT BUNDLE and love the new black!
console_nintendo_wii|The Wii sports resort package is great all around fun. I am very happy I finally purchased a Wii and glad I got this model. As well, I like the Black Game controllers as they are more attractive than the normal ivory ones. But what I really like about this package are the items than can be purchased to enhance the overall experience like the additional games and the credit towards a game that came with it. Overall a great time is being had by all.
console_nintendo_wii|been enjoying playing wii as everyone else who owned itvery fun game to playgood choice for the package deal.got a sweat/work out from playing some of these games.
console_nintendo_wii|mis estimados no he recibido este producto, por lo tanto no puedo emitir opini&oacute;n alguna al respecto, quisiera que sean mas espec&iacute;ficos y r&aacute;pidos en cuanto a la entrega
console_nintendo_wii|Something to keep in mind, is that the Wii is a family oriented gaming console. It doesn't have the raw sheer power of a PS3 or 360, in fact many of the games found on the WII, could(And in some cases are) found on last generations PS2.The games though are mostly kid and family friendly, and of course it's home to all things Mario and Link! It's also the only place you can find Animal Crossing: City Folk, which is perhaps the funnest game exclusive on the console, hands down!One thing I want to point out, is that not only does this console play gamecube games, but you can also make purchases from Nintendos online store, and download classic games from classic systems, and play them right there on your Wii console. Classic games like Super Mario RPG, Final Fantasy classics, Paper Mario and any number of other game classics.While most of the Wii exclusive titles don't impress me, access to classic games thrills me, and it's because of those playable classics, that I recommend this console to gamers.
console_nintendo_wii|Bought this as a gift for my parents. They love it. No problems at all and it game with sports games.
console_nintendo_wii|kids adore it. cant stop playing we now have 2 systems one as a backup, I wish I had time to play
console_nintendo_wii|When I got the wii it was very well packaged but when we set it up to play the system wont stay on for more than ten minutes at a time. It was supposed to have nothing wrong with but clearly it wasn't taken care of and the item wasn't as promised at all. Not worth the money obviously because it doesn't work.
console_nintendo_wii|Got this as present for my daughter and she has enjoyed it for entertainment as well as fitness. Wish it came with 2 controllers.
console_nintendo_wii|I love it. My son got it for his birthday and he loves the games that came with it. I love it because it's black also. Would recommend
console_nintendo_wii|My mother loves it; I ordered it for her and my sister. I guess they wanted to get one because the saw how much fun I was having.
console_nintendo_wii|I was skeptical at first about buying a Wii online, but it turned out to be in perfect shape. It was packed well and it wasn't damaged in any way at all. It works just fine. I'm extremely happy with my purchase.
