television_sony|There's nothing more than I can say, other than that this TV is awesome. Love the picture. It absolutely blows my mind. I have a sony bravia surround 7.1 setup for it, and I will never have to go to the movies, since the movies are playing in my living room. Take that Barry Obama, you can try to take away my healthcare, but you can't take away my blu-ray.
television_sony|Just got this TV last weekend...picture quality on regular channels IS FAR WORSE than on my cheapo $300 regular TV we had used for years! Anyway, We have a HD Comcast box...and the HD Channels are really great, but most of the channels are regular..and they are HORRIBLE!!! I mean there is a constant GRAININESS to all the channels, its just hard to even try to watch a channel...or everything looks like its from a camcorder. I am not happy. Then yesterday, the sound just died...its still there, don't get me wrong, but I hear this buzzing sound behind the sound from the TV and its SO LOW I can hardly hear the words people are saying. OK, so sound is bad now, and buzzing noise, and normal channels SUCK SO BAD its not even funny! It's unwatchable..I was expecting a little more from a $1500 tv, i am returning it this weekend! Maybe I will get Samsung.
television_sony|This TV has one of the clearest pictures I have ever seen. The audio is also crisp and enjoyable. There are more expensive sets on the market but few that are better, in my opinion.
television_sony|I bought this TV at the end of 2009. Granted, that was 3 years ago but I personally think something that cost almost a grand should last more than 3 years. We've had the serious light bleeding or clouding from the corners since we bought it but since it was going to be a serious hassle to return it to Amazon, we decided to just keep it. However, this week the TV stopped receiving signal on any HDMI port. I verified the devices are still functioning (I've tested all of them) and after googling, discovered that this is a pretty widespread problem with the Bravia line, including later models.I bought a Sony Bluray player and a Sony receiver with this TV. All 3 have since stopped working. These will be the last Sony products I ever own.
television_sony|As with the other reviewers, the nice, new LCD TV we bought began to have first one little dot of color in the upper right hand corner, followed by a couple of horizontal stripes, now with many vertical stripes coming off of the original dot. It is getting worse. The TV is only 3 years old and will soon be unwatchable. As others have commented, it is more expensive to fix than the original price. I did not get the extended warranty, believing that Sony produced quality products. I regret that and won't be buying Sony again. Disposable TV. I guess the future is in extended warranties
television_sony|The television generally has a nice picture... when it works. There is some distortion with moving images but it's not too bad. I can confirm the audio cut outs. It seems to occur randomly and the only remedy I found is to either turn the TV off and back on again, or switch channels. This started soon after it was purchased. The biggest problem I encountered was a growing problem with vertical color streaks and after images on the screen. This started on our set when it was barely a year old. The problem got progressively worse until we lost the picture entirely. Fortunately we bought it at a place that offered an extended warranty! The "squad" came out, diagnosed the problem, and said that it would cost more to fix than to simply replacing the unit. We get our new TV this week. I don't often buy extended warranties and I remember thinking at the time of the purchase: "what could go wrong, it's a Sony!" I don't even recall what swayed me to get the warranty, but thankfully I did or I'd be out $1000+. Maybe the new set will have the firmware or whatever update is necessary to fix the audio problem.
television_sony|I purchased this TV 2 years ago, and all of a sudden I started seeing colored vertical lines on the display and frozen images. This has continued to the point where the lines have consumed the entire screen, and the picture is no longer visible. I called Sony and since it is past the 1 year warranty period, it is considered my problem. I've lost faith in Sony being a "quality" brand and won't be buying any more products from them again.
television_sony|Bought this item June 9th 2009, at first, its great, picture quality is very nice. But vertical red / blue lines started happening early 2011, at first, I can switch channels and get rid of the lines / bars, but in March, the lines became very persistent. Called Sony, they say its out of 1 year manufacture warranty. They did offer some useless suggestions: switch channels, turn on / off, switch input devices, plug / unplug etc.. Nothing worked!If you want to see some pictures, you can find them here [...]
television_sony|This is my first time purchasing a flat screen TV and I spent hours researching try to get the most for the money. I finally decided on the SONY. The company I bought it from upgraded me to the 2011 ex5000 Sony Bravia at no charge. So far so good. I am very happy with the picture and sound quality of the Sony. Keep the 2011 Bravia on your list. Solid product at a great price. You will get more for your money.
television_sony|Very happy with the TV, picture quality and sound. I am not a super-tech type person. The only thing which I found confusing was the set-up required to sync the TV with my cable unit and set up the basic features and defaults. Fortunately, a couple of friends who are sharp on this were able to do this for me. The TV, itself, is a great size, lightweight and a very attractive unit. The picture quality and sound are excellent.
television_sony|I bought this TV because of the Matte screen as we have a room with lots of windows. The screen helps to reduce the glare but the high gloss finish around the TV reflects a lot of light. Kind of defeats some of the glare problem. Other wise the TV's fine.
television_sony|I've has this TV for over a year now and have regretted the purchase for a long time. On the good side it has worked well, turns on fast, great size, sound, and picture in all our lighting conditions. Syncs with our Sony Blu ray(which has stopped playing DVD's 6 months in) I'm most impressed by the wide range of the picture, no matter how far of an angle there's been no color loss. On the other hand the money we spent for 120HZ was wasted, it looks awfully unnatural on almost any format and we keep it turned off unless its in conjunction with the blu ray player. The main annoyance and what may cause me to put my fist through the screen one day is the power-saving back-light feature common not only to Sony LCD's but to other brands at the time we bought this. In a word the TV dims out (like a screen saver)when the screen has enough dark space on it. In other words it kills the brightness during space battle scenes, nighttime or dim lit scenes, credits and dark intro's, because it assumes there's nothing interesting to see and you'd rather save the electricity. After an irreversible patch using a thumb-drive the TV has reduced the behavior a bit, but I still curse when the TV blacks out the screen during space fights in Star Wars. I should have learned my lesson with previous Sony products.Otherwise its a great TV if you don't watch movies.UPDATE: 2012The back lighting issue becomes less of an aggravation in the long term once you lower your expectations and settle into mediocrity. The PC sound input and one of the video inputs on the side broke after a months use. Very fragile. Other than that it's held up and lasted through a move but I still stick to my score.
television_sony|One month in an HDMI 1 port did not work. After a multi-call support runaround from Sony a repair person replaced the motherboard. Less than two months in, HDMI 1 port has the exact same problem. Sony to send repair person again. Presumably they will fix it then it will break again. Junk product and poor support. Won't be buying a Sony TV again.
television_sony|My wife and I bought this from Best Buy back around June/July this past year. It started out okay for the first few days then, we started having trouble with the sound. First, it was intermittent where the sound would go in an out. Then, we started having problems where switching from HD to non-HD channels it would go black and we could only get some sound. We thought it was our old receiver we had so, we ditched that started using just the inputs through the TV and its speakers. Overtime it got worse and worse.To make matters worse (not an Amazon problem) we used Elwin Electronics via Best Buy as the repair and it took them over two months to replace a sound board. They put in a brand new board and, guess what we're still having audio problems. The cable box works great and is a fairly new HD box. The TV is garbage. I should've trusted my instinct and gone with a Samsung. Right now spending a bit more $ and going with the Samsung LED-LCD 46". Stay away!!! (Unless you're looking for a TV with issues).
television_sony|My Sony 46" Bravia was delivered on time in perfect condition. I received it for a very fair price I can't find a thing wrong with it. Set up was quick and simple and should be able to be completed by virtually anyone.
television_sony|I bought this tv to replace another sony HD TV that was the picture tube kind and weighed a ton. The tv's picture is very good and their cinemotion feature has a more natural movement to it than the Samsung TV's that I saw. My friend has a Samsund LCD and I think that feature on theirs is horrible,with that being said those TV's also have a great picture. The one negative about this tv and several others is the ports on the side. There is no way to hide the cables so you cant see them and that drive me crazy. I would reccomend this TV to anyone looking for great a picture and lots of connection options.
television_sony|I bought ths tv cause love Sony. Even though I read all the negative revies I thought the guys were difficult...but now Iknow. Th etv is difficult to get to work with the bravia sync home theater.The input on HDMI is lost so often that it displays no signal...yes i have latest firmware.So do not buy..Support tells me to get it serviced....WOW thats an easy answer when warranty is finished.
television_sony|We like our tv a lot. Tough to order one online when spending this much, but it really does cost less to do it this way, and the money you save in not paying tax alone is worth it. Go to a store and find the tv you want, then come home and buy it online for much less. That's what I say.
television_sony|I am very pleased with my purchase. Picture is even better than I expected. Feel like I got a great deal!
television_sony|After bringing this unit home, I now have true HD at an affordable price.The motion control that is configurable for each input is excellent.I have dish network HD and I let my Sony do the decoding of the video and sound and get the best results.Dave
television_sony|The TV is great and all the features are great,but the HDMI has a control feature that will cause a little conflict with function. I just turned the control off and all is well. I would recommend this TV.
television_sony|This is the best TV. Easy to set up, pull it out of the box-the directions are right at the top of the box on how to set it up-place it on the stand, screw in 4 screws, turn it on, it programs itself and PRESTO! We were watching TV in less than 15 minutes. The sound is excellent, the speakers are on the front. The picture is wonderful, even though I do not have HD on my satellite-do not want to pay for it-the size is perfect for my living area (the helpful size chart on the Amazon.com website was a life saver). My living area has south facing windows and there is no glare on the screen. My kids used to close the curtains to watch TV (drove me crazy)and they have not done that since this TV arrived. I went to my parents' house this weekend and noticed my dad had the same TV in a 52 inch size. When I saw that, I felt confident that I had picked the correct TV since my dad is a huge techno freak and always orders the best of everything. I bought this TV as a "I got laid off" present to myself and have not regretted it.
television_sony|All the previous "rave" reviews are accurate. This was the best purchase (of many) we've made in quite a while. This TV has changed our lifestyle quite a bit! It is soooo great to watch with the vivid, clear, picture.Great internal sound system. No screen glare. Comprehensive menu for fine tuning. Only improvement I would like to see, is a faster channel changing response; but it's still quicker than our other (Sharp) flat screen.
television_sony|Once again I have put my faith in Amazon thanks to all the information in the reviews on HDTV's. I have looked at a lot of tv's and read a books worth of product reviews and customer reviews. When I decided on the TV the entire sale thru Amazon was flawless. I purchased a Sony Bravia V-series 46 inch from Crutchfield. The service and the delivery was right on time. The delivery man put the TV in the house , attached the base and placed the unit on the cabinet. He checked the unit for damage and plugged the unit on to see if it worked. This is service!!! I have purchased many items from Amazon and will continue to use Amazon for all my needs, they are winners.Robert S.
television_sony|Even though the TV's box has a big "Dolby Digital" logo, and marketing specification claim DD, this TV cannot output DD 5.1 audio when using its ATSC or QAM tuner. I don't know how Sony can get away with this, promising something but not delivering it.Other than this flaw, the picture quality is great, so I give 3 stars.
television_sony|Bought this product two months back and since then I am happy with the product.
television_sony|Very good TV I have no regrets about buying this one. I got mine with the Sony blue ray player free. Very bright picture and outstanding colors. I would recommend this TV to anyone. Very easy to set up and use and very thin, could be installed on any wall.
television_sony|No complains on this TV. The picture is awesome. Amazon service is #1. Will recommend this TV. As noted in some other reviews, its not the super slim. But the picture is beautiful. All my Sony components work nicely. Connecting the wires is painful after mounting it - but I don't think there is an easy solution to that.
television_sony|There is no other TV on the market that can match its picture quality features in this price range. All TV's under 1000 will have quirks. I've never had anyone notice anything but amazement when watching this set.If you want a videophile quality television, sorry but you need to pony up and spend more than $1000 for a 120hz, 52" tv.If this is a problem I'm sure there are many 42" that fit your needs and match this feature-set at $1000.The free PS3 was the icing on the cake.I could not ask for more at this price range and am extremely satisfied with my purchase.I do recommend that you properly calibrate the TV. If your settings show overlight bright colors then things such as the ever so slight "red flashing" will be more apparent to you.Pony up or quit whining
television_sony|TV-great - just to bad that we saw the same TV on your website the week after we brought this one for $150.00 cheaper.
television_sony|I would say it is a decent TV. I bought this with a lot of hype. I had some issues with CC settings(It was not working and I had to go to factory setting to get it back). Other than that it is decent TV.
television_sony|This TV is nice but.......it was supposed be delivered in 5-7 days but it took 9 days because I called the freight company (which was not the company Dell originally told me was handling it). When I asked when it was coming they said we have to find it first ! Then it arrived without the HDMI cable which was to be included, so that took another 5 days to get from Dell. If you complain to Dell they will eventually make it right and give you some $$ back for your inconvenience.
television_sony|I purchased this model back in August from Best Buy, and since realizing that it is a lemon, I'm trying to leave as many reviews as I can on the net to steer people away from the V5100 model. Both the S & V5100 models utilize the Bravia 2 engine, which is the main culprit of the issue. If you look at other reviews on here you'll notice many that discuss something known as the red flash issue. What happens is there is an unwanted color intensity shift during scenes with red and blue backgrounds. So if watching an interview on Colbert Report, the guest will be seating in front of a red background, and as the guest talks and uses his hands to gesture, all the main colors on the screen increase and decrease in intensity and saturation. It can be very annoying and noticeable. Sony cannot fix this problem and refuses to admit it. Many owners have had technician after technician come out, replacing the front panel and motherboard, all to no avail. They might even tell you to update the firmware, but at this point, this model should come loaded with the newest version, and that doesn't help.Stay away and do not give Sony your money. Buy a Samsung or LG. I wish I had. Now I'm in a nightmare scenario where I have to deal with Sony customer relations, who are a bunch of monkeys to begin with. All they can do is read off scripts. It's a headache you don't need, especially before super bowl sunday and march madness.UPDATE: Recent firmware updates have fixed the picture problems. I know people still have audio dropouts but I cannot confirm. Upping review to 3 stars. Great picture and clarity, terrible customer service.
television_sony|Sony refuses to acknowledge a very well known problem with this TV. It's well documented and their are videos on youtube that can demonstrate it for you. It's called "red flashing", and it happens when there are red objects on the screen, and the TV flips back and forth between variations of the red colors. It's very distracting, and Sony has continued to simply ignore people's complaints regarding it's existence. This problem also exists on Sony's V5100 TV model.
television_sony|Bought this set, built in Dec. 2009 and it definitely flashes like crazy during most programs. I have not really noticed it during live sporting events, or even while playing videogames on it, but anytime there are closeups of human faces, there is a lot of flashing going on.Sony needs to acknowledge this and fix this issue!!!
television_sony|This TV is a great value. It looks excellent (especially when connected to a Sony BluRay). The adjustable backlight with light sensor is a nice feature.It has excellent picture quality. Standard definition channels look better than they do an a tube TV. The HD channels look amazing.It has a good number of HDMI inputs and enough connectivity to other devices.Sound quality is excellent as well - but can always improve by hooking up a surround sound system.You won't regret purchasing this TV.
television_sony|I purchased this televison on a special sale, it included a BDP560 bluray player for 950 bux. As soon as I got it home and setup I immediatley started to have issues.1) A color fluctuation during some scenes where fleshtones seem to flash to a reddish color and back again on a random basis. I have tried all the settings and all the inputs, NOTHING makes it go away. However subtle (some people dont even notice it), this issue is an issue that should not be an issue with a SONY!2)Flashlighting in upper corners. A minor issue, but an issue none the less.3)Constant audio drop out. You have to flip channels to get your audion back. I have this issue via hdmi on bluray and my fios box.Sony sent a guy out to repair it, but he was unable to fix it and told me that "he did not see it flash red". (they replaced the main board)Fustrated, I took it back to the place of purchase and they gave me a brand new tv of the same model. the first tv was manufactured sept.2009 and the secound tv was manufactured dec.2009. Since both of these tvs have had this issue and sony's customer service is so hard to deal with, I can not reccomend this product at this time. If they own up to the short falls of this tv and fix it then my veiws might change.
television_sony|Like numerous others, I am experiencing the red-flashing of skin-tones issue. It is very annoying, and unacceptable for a product I paid over $1000 for (I purchased the set Memorial Day Weekend of 2009). As of now, Sony has not acknowledged the issue, no matter how many times it has been reported to them. Along with emails and calls to Sony, plenty of discussion and documentation of this issue can be found online. Here are two youtube videos showing the red-flash in action:[...]In this second video, the red-flashing is actually most noticeable on the globe in the top-left corner of the screen:[...]If Sony would fix the red-flashing issue, whether through a firmware upgrade, or a physical repair of the set (as of now, no one who has had a repairman out about the red-flashing issue has had the issue resolved), I would be extremely happy with this set (and would upgrade my review of it as well). Until then, I would advise anyone to steer clear of the V5100 series of the Sony Bravia LCD sets.
television_sony|I purchased this TV direct from Sony under a promotion that included a Sony Blu-ray DVD player. Total with tax was just over $1200.00 It all arrived in less than a week which was a pleasant surprise. It took more time to get into the box than it did to set up the system. It works perfectly with my Dish Network HD receiver and a 27 year old Channel Master attic antenna. I could not be more pleased with the picture I get. This set replaced a 42" Plasma TV that was three years old. It was moved to another room because it is still in perfect working condition. The Sony KDL46V5100 does have some features that are less than perfect. I expected that when I bought it. Overall, the set is more than adequate. I have read some reviews on this TV that makes it sound like a problem child. Anything is a problem if it does not work right. We still have lemons in all products we purchase. Some of us get the good ones and some of us get the lemons. And if it comes out of China, it is very lemon prone because of their lack of quality comtrol...maybe I should say their non-existant quality control.I have found no problems with this set and it has a beautiful picture. The sound quality could be better but it is adequate. Connection to a home theater system requires one with a volume control because the audio output is a fixed level...no big deal. The power cord is permanatly attached to the set unlike most others that have a detachable cord. The inputs are located on the side and hiding the cables is a little difficult. Better design could have helped this minor inconvenience. The unit has four HDMI inputs which is a definite plus, but don't expect to get an HDMI cable with the set. You have to buy your own...and they ain't cheap. A six foot gold Phillips is $34.00 at Walmart. Overall, this set is well worth the money we paid for it and the Blu-ray Disc player. If you are looking for a good buy, I highly recommend the KDL46V5100. If I have problems, you can bet I'll be back here adding them to this review.
television_sony|I just received the TV yesterday and so far I think is excellent. For an unbeatable price with Amazon ($1350, no tax, no shipping) this is the best option available. The HD channels and the XBOX 360 picture is amazing.Beside the TV itself, the delivery was outstanding. Very fast, they unpacked the TV, plug it in and done, we were watching it.I totally agree with the review regarding the reflection in the screen, my family room is very bright and in the middle of the day you just see a little reflection when there is a black scene in the screen, would have been bad with the glossy screens like Samsung.
television_sony|As others have mentioned, this tv has a very annoying red flashing problems. Peoples faces change from red to pale and back to red again often enough that it is very distracting while watching. Nice picture otherwise, but this will drive you crazy!!I would not recommend!!
television_sony|TV has a problem with its video projector where on shows, the skin tone of people flashes redish to pinkish. A lot of people say it's worth overlooking, but for those who zone in on things, I would stay away from this set. Audio also drops out sometimes. When turning TV on there is no audio thus having you turn TV off / back on for it to kick on. Other than that, the picture quality is good. Sony has not come up with any solutions to this red flashing issue and audio issue. Unless you get a really good deal on this TV, like I did, I'd buy another model or brand for the normal price.edit: I'm looking to sell this TV now. POS.
television_sony|Over the last few months, two different Sony service techs have replaced the motherboard on my Sony KDL-46V5100 to fix the intermittent color fluctuation called "red flashing." The red flashing also affects blues and other colors too, but it's most evident on red. Both times it did not work.Following the second tech firm visit in early January, the tech firm forwarded a detailed email from me to Sony America explaining the issue. Later, Sony called and asked if I was willing to use my Sony KDL-46V5100 to test a prototype firmware patch. I agreed. After I installed it, all the programs that had the intermittent color fluctuation no longer did it! The picture is still outstanding but now without the annoying intermittent color fluctuations.Bottom Line: To fix the red flash you will need to call Sony Customer Support and request the "December 2009 firmware USB patch." Sony told me this patch would NOT be available on the Sony eSupport website because the update resets the TV to factory default.If you purchased a Sony Bravia KDL-##V5100 during the clearance sales of late, you likely have the red flash but just haven't noticed it yet. This firmware update may also apply to the similar color fluctuation issues reported in the S5100 and VE5 series.
television_sony|Overall i am not satisfied with this product, not too long after buying i started having issues with the audio cutting out on my hdmi inputs, sometimes for as long as 10 Seconds, now the hdmi inputs wont detect any signal from either my XBOX 360 or Sony Blu Ray, i had to unplug the power cord in order to get it back to normal.Sony has let us all down and its not what it used to be, i would not recomend this product, i've owned a Vizio for over three years now, and no problems whatsoever.
television_sony|I've had this TV for about three months and I am experiencing the same issues as everybody else: Red flashing and sound disappearing. I have to say I am extremely disappointed.
television_sony|I was planning to buy a LCD for so long (almost 6 months), and then after a lot of research I bought this TV 2 months back and since then have started watching TV a lot. Truly a great buy !! The football games on Sunday could not have been better. With a 46" screen and amazing picture quality in HD, and to that when you the loud sound (considering that I had an older TV before), watching Sunday games becomes awesome.I am thinking of getting another Sony this holiday season, as we have only one TV and I want another one in my GAME room.A great TV for a great price.
television_sony|I'm very disappointed in Sony- their brand is supposedly among the top 3, if not the best, in LCD televisions.The issues you hear about are absolutely true. I returned this set the first time and the replacement had the EXACT SAME ISSUES!- Popping sound when switching channels for both cable and antenna- Static noise coming from speakers especially low volume- Audio Dropouts over HDMII've done multiple firmware updates via a USB drive mailed to me directly from Sony, and have had a Sony repair technician replace the BM3 Board. He said there were many issues with the KDL series and acknowledged the popping sound and said, "Maybe your antenna signal is too strong" - obviously not the problem since I live in the suburbs.The issues continued to occur. There are also other issues though not as major to me:- Channel response time is ridiculously slow. Samsung is much faster.- Remote is not user friendly and feels very cheap.- Channel favorites are not saved after turning off the tv.It's unfortunate because this set really does have a beautiful picture, but it's cons outweigh its pros. I'm just thankful I could return this unit within the refund policy.
television_sony|I really did love this TV until a few weeks ago. At just under 2 years old, the LCD panel went. Vertical lines running through the picture. Estimate for repair is $1863, which is significantly more than I paid for it new, and a whole lot more than what it could be purchased for today. Extended warranties are generally bad investments, but if you insist on getting this TV, you ought to think about getting the extra warranty coverage. I am hoping the extended warranty coverage through the credit card company will help out, but I'm told that's a long procedure.
television_sony|I got this TV in December of 2009, and have been now using it for a year.Many people here have discussed "sound issues" with their TVs, going in and out, or not coming on at all. I have never experienced any of these issues. The sound from my TV has been great, and I am pretty surprised it gets that kind of sound coming out of its speakers.My TV did (as I believe all of them originally did) suffer from the dreaded Red Flashing. I was able to find the Sony Update online (Google it, I think I found it on AVS Forums) and updated my TV with a USB drive-- the Red Flashing is dead, and I couldn't be happier.The only issues I have with this TV, all of which can be forgiven:-Slow start-up timeThe TV takes a while to get to a picture after you turn it on. Maybe between 5-10 seconds. A minor gripe.-CloudingMy top right corner shows some clouding when I watch movies in the dark. When the lights are on, you can't notice it. Most TVs seem to have at least a bit of this, so I have learned to live with it.-Cheap RemoteNo backlight under any of the buttons, shame.Other than that, the picture is beautiful, the sound is better than I imagined it would be, and I am very happy with my purchase.
television_sony|I got this TV about 14 months ago and loved it when I got it all set up. TV did great for about a year. I had a lot of problems with my DVR using it. I have Time Warner cable and they use Motorola DVR's. When you fast forward the screen goes green and then black and you have to turn off the TV to get the picture back. I switched out the DVR several times and everntually got their newer model and it was brand new out of the box. Green screen still appeared so I decided to do some research on this. Found out that a lot of people are having this same issue. Sony TV's and Motorola DVR's dont get along very well. This is really my only option since I get free DVR service and had a lot of issues with the "satelite company". This only happens when I fast forward and change channels sometimes. I got a tip from the internet and theres something with the HDMI "handshake" and it helps to turn the TV on first and then the DVR after. This did not solve the problem though. OK then, I found out about a firmware upgrade on the Sony website so I decided to do this. Its a download that you can get and do it with a USB thats located on the back of the TV. Was really easy to do and quick. OK after the upgrade the green screen still appears, and now I got a new problem and its worse. I use the full pixel mode on my TV's and it worked fine before the update. Now theres a white flash that goes across the screen and a big flicker and it flutters when the people move. If you turn it off the full pixel mode it seems to work ok but there are parts of the picture that are left out when you do this. I searched on the web again and found this is yet one more issue with the Sony TV's. I even found A LOT videos of it on Youtube. This really upsets me so bad because the TV just went out of warranty and I dont have the money to fix it. A lot of people are saying its the motherboard and some say its the screen. I think its just something to do with the software thats loaded on there but unless Sony decides to make a fix this is what I'm stuck with now. I've contacted them many times but all their tech support has no clue but I know they do. It's everywhere and people are having the same issues but they are just turning their heads and walking away. I got this product because of the Sony name and reputation but I'm losing faith in them really fast. I've owned Sony TV's most my life and I totally did not expect this from them. If I had my money back and could get another TV I would definately go with another brand. If they dont fix this I will never buy another Sony product again, they will lose me for life. Please before you buy one of these TV's do your research on the internet and look around and read the things people are saying. I wish this information had been available to me before I spent my money but now its too late and its gone. I'm stuck with this TV that I cannot enjoy and I'm afraid it's going to get worse. Theres even a page about it on Facebook thats how bad these issues have gotten with Sony TV's PLEASE DO YOUR RESEARCH!!!As of 4/19/2011 Sony released a software update on their website to fix everything. Update is done thru a USB drive and you download it on your computer and put on the drive then stick it in the service port on the back of the TV. Once I did the update everything was fixed as it shouldve been from the start. Sony is really slow about putting out updates but at least now all the money I spent on this TV didnt go to waste.
television_sony|I bought this TV just over one year ago and it's nothing but a $1200 box of plastic now. It just stopped turning on one day for some unexplained reason and I can't get Sony to honor the warranty. I live overseas and Sony has done nothing to help me repair this piece of garbage TV from outside of the United States - even though they have Sony Authorized repair centers all over the world. I've brought it in for repair and was told it was a faulty power board and that it would cost $400 USD to fix. Completely ridiculous. I've spent at least 5 hours on too many phone calls to count trying to get Sony to help me get this repaired under warranty, with no luck. Terrible TV, terrible customer service...Sony can kiss my future purchases good-bye. I will never buy Sony again - and you shouldn't either.
television_sony|I bought this tv around 2 years back. It worked great initially and the picture quality is outstanding. However, lately the tv is giving problems such as video and audio goes blank for every min. Had great respect towards sony so didn't buy any extra warranty. Now i have to put this in trash
television_sony|I am not a technically savvy person but I just wanted to say that this TV is everything you could want in an an LCD 46' TV! The picture is beautiful, the sound is great and the control is easy to use. Buy this TV!
television_sony|Same issue with the clouding/flashlighting in 1-3 of the corners for me as well. On my second one from Best Buy and will be returning it for possibly a different brand of TV all together. At first I was wondering if I was being over critical, then I realized how much money I was spending and that my 32" Sharp that this replaced had no such issue.Working in the tech industry for over three years, I'm aware of "acceptable tolerances" of LCD panels, but this is just too much to be acceptable in my opinion when you're watching a dark screen or a letterboxed DVD and there are spotlights in the corners, or clouding in other parts of the screen.Hopefully whatever I decide to go with doesn't have the same LCD panels in it, even though I know there aren't many manufacturers.Shame, love the features and aesthetics of the unit.
television_sony|I upgraded the firmware but I still have audio drop outs as other users mentioned. Overall audio quality is not great either. Can't complain about picture as so far there is no issue. Won't buy for $1000+ but a 46" for less than $700 is a sizeable saving.
television_sony|Have owned this TV since May and it is an amazingly super picture except for one flaw. There is some sort of color shifting that sometimes occurs. It seems to annoy the heck out of some people. It doesn't bother me as it doesn't happen that often. People should know that Sony was told about this problem in May of 2009 and to this date refuse to acknowledge that there's a problem. That does not speak well for them.The main issue I have with this TV is the sound. Sometimes there is a very annoying loud "pop" when changing channels from a HD image to a SD image. Not good. Again, Sony's response was non-existant as they have ignored fixing it even with two firmware updates. I guess these issues cannot be corrected or they would have.Aside from those issues the picture is stunning. I've not seen a better sharp clear picture on any TV. It's like the picture jumps out of the screen into your living room. So, should you buy it? Yes, but be prepared to return the TV if you cannot live with the occasional color flash or sound pop.
television_sony|..I have had to send back two of them to the store simply because the promise of multiple HDMI connections was falling flat. In other words if you have at least 3 HDMI inputs- Sony AV/System/Sony PS3 and any other HDMI Sony product to switch to you may or may not experience the SIGNAL not being picked up as you move around the TVs inputs.If all you want is Cable plus a DVD player via HDMI or Bravia Sync you may never experience my challenges. In short the HDMI inputs on at least 2 purchases have not worked beyond 7 days of usage. STILL This television is Beautiful when alls well. So far I am good with one of my replacements and awaiting the other sometime this week. Yes I love this 46"5100 so much I bought 2 of em..in spite of the HDMI input challenges.
television_sony|Picked up this TV with a bundled N460 Blu-Ray. I would consider myself a demanding user, but not an audio/videophile. I feel as though the picture quality is excellent. I use an HDMI cable to a Blu-ray player, Blu-ray quality is excellent, DVD's also look ver good, HD Football over cable was also excellent. I sit approximately 10' from the TV and have it on a 24" tall TV stand and the viewing is excellent. Making picture adjustments is easy, the menus are simple to navigate. The Bravia Sync feature is very handy- for example, I insert a Blu-ray disc and it is smart enough to then turn on the TV & select the proper input. Also very handy to be able to use any remote for any device. For the price, I believe this is a good purchase. I chose this over the other Bravia 46" newer model because the newer model has an "eye" that senses for motion in the room and then turns off the TV if it doesn't sense motion. Sounded annyoing to me and I didn't want to chance if it could be disabled or not. Definitely pleased with my purchase and I have renewed faith in Sony quality.Almost forgot to mention- these are the settings I'm using that I found posted online- Seem to be working out excellent for all-around viewing of both HD Cable sports as well as Blu-ray & DVDs. I haven't played any console games, nor do I plan to. Thanks to whoever posted these originally:Picture Mode : Standard (**Note each setting (Vivid, Standard, Cinema, Custom) are slightly different by default.)Backlight: 6 (really turns this into an impressive display. its just right)Picture: 95 (there really isnt a reason to have it lower or higher)Brightness : 52 ( 52 hits the mark for no loss of shadow detail)Color : 49Hue : 0Color Temperature : NeutralSharpness : 6 (perfect. i believe its the lower the better here. Please only increase this if you are fairly far away from your set. But 6 gives very eye pleasing results without the ugly super sharp image)Noise Reduction : OffMPEG NR : OffAdvanced SettingsBlack Corrector : OFF (causes black crush)Advanced CE : OFF (I used to be a fan but ive realized ACE dims whites and alters skin tones to almost pale)Gamma : OFF (do not touch this)Clear White : OFF (not really needed after all)Live Color : offWhite Balance : Factory default (all zero)Motion Enhancer : STANDARD (games and blu rays. THIS is key to having WOW picture too. No lag at all.)Cinemotion : Auto2 (Auto2 for Blu-rays -OFF for games)Game Mode : Off. (gives a less smooth image but also a sharper one. Keep that Motion Enhancer ON.)Video/Photo Optimizer: Video-A
television_sony|I've had 2 of these TVs since december 2009. One of the tv had the HDMI input fail and not knowing there was a firmware update, had it returned and bestbuy replaced it with the kdl-46ex500. Essential the same TV just updated for 2010 with a swivel base, a detachable power cord and more jpeg, mp4, mp3 (etc..) support. But, it lacks a clock. Now the second tv's HDMI's input failed and after an hour of trouble shooting, I unplugged the tv and then plugged it back it and it basically rebooted tv and cleared the issue. After some research, I see there is a firmware update available from sony. You can call and have them send it to you or download it and do it yourself. The customer support rep also mentioned that there is another update beyond that (E3 version) but only if the current update fails to correct your issues. Check sonystyle, Here's the link [...] Other than this, great TV for the price got it black friday from sonystyle with a 120gb ps3 for $1000
television_sony|This is an excellent and easy to use product. I put it on the stand, connected the cables and it started working right away. Sony has great TVs and this is my 3rd Sony TV, and love it. The video quality is excellent. The picture is crisp. Colors are great and well balanced. The sound quality is acceptable for a TV in this price range. While Sony and other manufacturers have TVs well over $2500, the difference in video and audio quality is not worth the money in my opinion. I do not sit in front of the TV and evaluate every pixel. If you want perfection in every pixel, then you can spend 4 times the money, but this TV is a very good value for the money and it will not disappoint most users.
television_sony|This TV does have a great picture, is well priced and has nice features. The problem is that there are two major defects with this series that Sony has refused to admit to. I have this TV and when watching movies at night, from all four corners of the screen there is clouding (like someone came and squeezed the corners) which I cannot get rid of. After noticing this I did my research and found out that this is a major issue with this TV set which Sony has claimed, not a common issue. Google it yourself before buying this TV. All you have to do is google "46V5100 clouding" and you'll be flooding with reported problems.There is also another red light flashing issue with red scenes. I cannot recommend this set, due to these issues. Given that Sony has refused to admit there is an issue, I'm not sure if I would recommend ANY Sony at this time as their support has been very poor. I'm going to return this TV and hope the next one does not have the same issues this one does, however its 50/50 at this point given the large number of complaints I see.
television_sony|After reviewing many different TVs, I selected this Sony because of its design, functions and picture quaility. Be sure to check the model numbers and buy the latest design. Many places offer deep discounts on TVs, but they are selling past season models.
television_sony|my husband got this tv black friday weekend from sony outlet a wonderful deal at less than 1000 with free play station 3.
television_sony|I bought this T.V. from Best Buy. They had in my opinion a super deal that I could not pass up.Buy the T.V. get a Sony Play Station 3 Slim model 80GB HD with 1 Game and 1 Blue Ray Movie and free delivery and set up.I got the Little Big planet game which has to be the most adorable game I have ever played.I got Year One which I have not watched yet.The delivery men came at 7:00am Sunday morning to deliver the T.V. I just had them just plug it into the wall connect the Coaxial cable and that's all I wanted them to do. Remember these delivery people are not employees of Best Buy they are subcontracted out.They set the T.V. to scan the channels and it was done in like 20mins.Best Buy in all their upsalesmenship wanted me to buy extended warranty and an HDMI cable to watch Blue Ray movies but everything has a manufactures warranty for 1 year and I could get the cable cheaper someplace else, which I did.The first Movie I happened to watch was Jeremiah Johnson, I have watched that movie countless times and consider it to be my favorite, what a treat that it was on the evening I was channel surfing. Of course it was not broadcast in HD ;)The first Blue Ray movie I watched was Star Trek by J.J. Abrams. WOW! now that was incredible! what detail!Since this is my First LCD T.V. I can't compare it to any other LCD that I have owned except for my Samsung LCD computer monitors which I just love.The T.V. does what it's supposed to. I see T.V. shows in regular broadcast and in some cases H.D. which look supper!The Sony Play Station plays Blue Ray movies and so far I am blown away by the format.The PS3 plays the games in HD and again I am blown away by these programmers' details.The sound is impressive and I have never relied on a T.V. to give me superior sound anyway; aren't most people going to hook this up to a surround system anyway?If you are looking for great sound from this T.V. you won't be disappointed in fact I was pleasantly surprised.There was a review I read that if you watched the T.V. from an angle the beauty of the picture was distorted. I have no idea what angle he was referring to because the T.V. looks great at 35 degrees. I don't think there is any T.V. nor would you want to watch it from an extreme angle.The only thing I can say that I have noticed from this T.V. that Is most annoying is when there is a commercial break or any time the screen goes completely black is the corners show some sort of a white glow, like sunshine is trying to pierce a black curtain and there is light coming from the edges. It doesn't concern me because I don't notice it in any programs.I highly recommended this T.V. if you are on the fence about getting your first LCD. In 3 years you will most likely replace it with an LED T.V. and if you are fortunate enough to get the Best Buy T.V, PS3, 1 movie and 1 game deal I would jump on that. It's like everyone in the family gets a Christmas Present.If you are some techno head who likes to overanalyze every Hz and THD then you are best served by reading the specs yourself and coming to your own mathematical formula of Nirvana.Buy the wall mount from some online dealer they are way cheaper online than in store. Seems like a 200% markup in the stores.The same goes for an HDMI cable. The difference between the Platinum platted $150 monster cable and the $15 one is the price and the packaging.
television_sony|I reseached HD TVs and narrowed it down to Samasung or Sony 42 - 46 LCD for my living room. I did not like the glossy Samsung Screen but liked vivid color in the store.I chose Sony because Best Buy had and awesome deal (I believe December 5th). I got a Sony kdl46v5100 TV, Sony PS3, Blue Ray Movie and PS3 game for $950 and 4 yr extended waranty for under $200.The color was excellent and 120Hz is a lot better than 60HZ modelsDigital tuner works great with indoor Terk antenna ( I live in a hilly, wooded, remote area).Blue Ray movies and PS3 games picture quality is amazing in all lighting situations.I bought a Panasonic HD digital camcorder that shoots in Cinema mode and the play back quality using HDMI cable to this TV is amazing compared to standard LCD TV a few years older!The TV sound is OK by itself ,but sounds great playing thru a home theater system
television_sony|I ordered this set on a Friday afternoon and it was delivered the next Wednesday! Service that good is hard to find. And the shipping was free as well! The set is great--clear, crisp picture with great color and sound--everything you would expect from a Sony. Amazon is a great place to i-shop.
television_sony|ABT was amazing. The price was beyond wonderful. I was able to get a 46" TV (and a Sony!) for the price of what other were asking for a 42". And QUICK delivery - even with the 4th of July holiday involved. I was moving into a new apartment and was concerned about when the TV would arrive. I called their customer service department and talked with the friendliest, most helpful person ever, who assured me that the driver would call me to set up a delivery time - there would be no surprises, no need to worry about a TV being delivered to an empty apartment, or worse an apartment with the previous tenant still there. Indeed, the driver called and told me he was on his way, arrived 15 minutes later and carried my TV into my apartment. Overall, this was the perfect transaction. I literally could not have asked for better price or service. Thank you!
television_sony|
television_sony|Have had this TV for 5 days now, my first Hd, and I have to say that " most" of the HD broadcasts look awesome. Some really don't look very good at all. SD on the other hand is just plain horrible. Looked better on my old 32" Rca through an antenna in my attic. Right now I have DirectTV HD. The set up was easy. Menu is very simple. I have a Sony DVD player that upscales and the picture with it isn't very good either. I have messed with all the settings and can't get the picture really watchable on SD. If I can't get it figured out I will return it.
television_sony|The audio output on my KDL46V5100 is FIXED. Unlike the earlier KDL series, which have variable output, this model is fixed. If you use an external amp and speakers you won't be able to use the TV remote to conrtol the volume.
television_sony|i own this lcd since december 2009. the picture quality is great but i hate the audio output because it's fixed audio, not variable. i have a klipsch promedia 2.1 hooked up to it, i can't adjust the volume with the sony remote. i have to physically walk up to my speakers to change the audio. i also lost steady sound option, so the volume dynamic is pretty annoying. i am never buying sony tv again. buy samsung instead! they're tv is better in every respect.
television_sony|We purchased this TV in Nov, 2009 and hooked it up using the HDMI cables. The set worked great for a few days and then starting losing the sound and picture. Assuming it was our local cable companies issue we contacted them. Five months and six cable boxes later the cable company informed us there was nothing more they could do and to contact Sony which we did. Sony immediately set up an in home service call. The repair tech called to confirm and told us they are aware of the problem and know exactly what's causing it. A BM3? board has been ordered. Why hasn't Sony contacted the consumer about the issue? In the meatime the set is hooked up to component cables, 5 cables total, just to view the TV in HD and it works fine. One of the reasons we purchased it was for the HDMI advantage and Sony's reputaion. Be very careful when purchasing this product. We are extremely dissappointed.
television_sony|This is a really fantastic LCD TV with one glaring fault. The LCD TV looks great with OTA HDTV using cheap rabbit ear antennas and non-HD TV looks as good as my old CRT. DVDs look great on this and the PS3 game we got with the deal looks amazing.The Bravia sync feature also saved us from having to buy yet another remote to manage the DVD/Blu-ray controls on the PS3. You can't turn on the PS3 with Bravia sync but you can stop/play/pause/ff/rw and turn off the PS3 which makes it a reasonable (low cost) solution.The one glaring issue that offsets for us all the greatness of this LCD TV is the red flashing we see when watching HDTV, DVDs, and Netflix streamed from PS3. The red flash happens when the focus is on a person's face in certain backgrounds. We've seen the red flashes on Judge Judy (OTA), Jackie Brown streamed on Netflix, and other shows through other video inputs (DVDs). Two calls to Sony support have not solved the problem and now we have to call a Sony tech but am hoping for a firmware fix since the latest firmware we have on the set does not fix it.Unless they fix the red flash issue which other folks have talked about, we cannot recommend this to others.UPDATE: The red flashing/flickering issue has been fixed. There is a firmware available from Sony and while it's available you may have to make a few attempts to ensure you get the right firmware. Many of us with the set have now received the fix and are happily enjoying the set. It's now a five star buy for me.
television_sony|I ordered this as a replacement to my other Sony 42" A10 series that had an optical block problem, lucky i got the extended warranty. I got this set being the Sony fanboy i have always been from Amazon's Warehouse Deals as an opened box unit, and it was absolutely flawless, paid $1025. The PQ on this set is far better than my older one but with some slight quirks due to this technology. One of them is a "flashlight" effect in the corners and around the screen edges during a dark or black scene, happens on all of these types of sets to some degree, but not really a problem for me. There is also some slight color shifting called "redshifting" on skintones during some scenes, but not really noticable unless you're a true A/V freak like myself. Sony is aware of this issue and is working on it, but i still don't see it as a big deal and it is only very slight if at all. It's like the color on someones face will vary a little like it can't lock onto the right color, but again hardly noticable.I would recommend this set but that would be biased because in my eyes Sony can do no wrong, well almost. I like it and that's all that matters.
television_sony|Awesome tv. This tv has by far exceeded my expectations. I originally wanted the samsung but it was out of my price range. The only real difference that i have noticed between the two now that i own this one is the lack of networking capability, other than that the picture is just as good. Some people have said that sometimes the tv will go very dark during certain scenes in the movie which it does unless you get the software update from sony's website.
television_sony|I must admit that I was somewhat skeptical handling what I consider a 'rather large' purchase over the internet with various concerns. Now that it has concluded, I must admit ... it was one of the most pleasurable purchasing experiences I've ever had. I was constantly updated with emails regarding the status of the order; I received a timely phone call regarding the delivery of the item; it was delivered right on time with extreme professionalism and 'set up' by the delivery person. And, (!!) I was billed exactly what Amazon had stated ... no hidden charges, fees, etc. Indeed, a most enjoyable experience ...PS - The TV is GREAT -- exactly what the 'product review' promised it would be!!!
television_sony|I will preface this by admitting that I'm not the largest audiophile or TV fanatic, just a guy who enjoys watching a game or 2 on the weekends and maybe a movie with the wife when the kids finally get to sleep.After a few trips to the standard national electronics store and digging around for online reviews, it became very clear that any LCD you purchase must have 1080p and 120mhz as a minimum.Bottom line, I've had this TV for about a week and the picture quality is great, sound is OK (great through AV Reciever) and it's an attractive addition to my family room. The key for me was price, my budget was $1000 and it turns out the week that I was ready to pull the trigger the price dropped from $1388 to $900 so it was a no brainer. I'm sure I would have been equally happy with any of the major brands in the $1000-$1300 price range (Samsung, Vizio, Toshiba, Sharp) but I'm glad I was able to get this one under my original budget. Good luck shopping!
television_sony|My brother-in-law, who has been into home theater etc. for 20 + years, told me that Sony is the best in electronics. So I have had a Sony DVD player and a Sony Surround Sound unit for many years. But I had always purchased another brand TV. Well, we finally elected to get rid of our old "entertainment center" furniture because we were the last people we knew who didn't have a wide-screen HDTV. I shopped at Best Buy and nearly bought a Toshiba, but I felt like they were jacking me around over $50, so I walked away. When I got on Amazon, I found the Bravias priced just a little more than the other brands. So I read all the reviews and bought the Sony Bravia. No regrets! Now, I have the best TV picture of all our friends! The TV setup was a breeze. I would recommend you shop online for your HDMI cable(s). I found cables for $4, whereas the retail stores like Best Buy have them starting at $39. Don't be ripped off on these cables. As far as I know, they all work and deliver 1080. But be sure to order them about the time you order your TV, because you will want that HD picture as soon as you get this TV.
television_sony|I actually went through two V5100s and returned both; surprisingly both had the same set of problems. After being shocked in the quality that I was seeing with Sony's latest products, I went over to AVS Forum ([...]) and found that many others are having the exact same issues that I experienced with 2 separate V5100 sets.These are the following serious problems that I experienced: - Red Flashing (causes flesh tones to flash between various colors of red) - Clouding in the backlight - Flashlight effects in corners (causes corners to too bright) - Static noise (coming from speakers at all volume levels; especially bad at low volume) - Audio Dropouts (over HDMI)When I returned the TV, I instead got an XBR9 instead and it has been a little bit better but I'm still having problems with the XBR9's backlight. I may end up waiting for a 2010 XBR11/12 that is LED backlit if I'm not happy with my replacement XBR9 that is on the way.
television_sony|I got an absolute steal on this TV (from SonyStle's retail store) and picked this up in Nov '09. This is almost a perfect product - it's small speakers are better than most HDTVs, it's picture is stunning, very easy to use, etc. However, there is an occasional 'red flash' that is very real and apparently very common. I love Amazon's ranking features, but I'm not sure why more people haven't commented on this issue yet. avsforum is a much more thorough site devoted to audio/video products, and there are 83 pages on this thread (with maybe 20 comments per page?) and the red flashing is by far the most pervasive subject talked about.I am not even close to a movie snob and both my wife and I noticed this red flashing immediately. It is obvious on the standard def shots that prominently display flesh tones, but it's still there on DVDs. Very slight on BD, but I can notice it. We watched Ken Burns "The War" on DVD, and it happened on almost every interview.I am a bit confused as to why more people haven't voted this product's ranking downward. This is an obvious defect and it's significantly distracting. This is also not the '1 in a million' defect either, as I stopped reading the other sites that had nonstop complaints about this.To be fair, when there is no red flashing, the TV looks fantastic. If Sony fixes this, I will revise my rating to a perfect 5/5.
television_sony|Amazon offered a great deal just after Thanksgiving - it was a Sony Bravia V series tv and blu ray player combo. Everything was great until I started watching TV. Skin tones would change from normal to reddish/pink and then switch back. This was more apparent on close up views of people on TV. I'm an NCIS fan and it's really apparent during that show. When you pay $1000 for a product, you don't expect it to be defective...etc. I also have a stuck pixel near the center of the screen - which Sony says they can't really do anything about it and also says it's part of their manufacturing process that they can't guarantee no dead or stuck pixels. 1 bad pixel is acceptable when you are talking millions of pixels...from a manufacturing standpoint - yes...from a consumer standpoint - no. I'll say that the features, look, and picture quality are good except for the red flashing problem. Apparently there is a problem with the V series and I was not aware of that before I bought it - so beware. Just type in bravia red flashing on a google search or a yahoo search...etc and you'll see tons of postings regarding it. It's unfortunate that information like that or other reviews didn't point that out. Now those reviews are popping up everywhere but Sony denies it's problems. That's just bad business. I've been a Sony fan for years and I have things like DVD players, TVs, theatre systems...etc from them but this is a problem they should correct - otherwise they may lose loyal consumers of their brand. If you don't notice the red flashing - then it's a great TV - but if you can notice it - it's very annoying and you feel that you bought an inferior product but almost paid top dollar for it. I could have bought a sharp for a couple hundred dollars less and yet I don't see any problems with Sharp LCDs on forums anywhere.
television_sony|This TV didn't work from the day I brought it home. There are problems with the sound dropping and the picture quality. A Sony technician has been here twice to fix it and hasn't been able to.Sony customer service want me to pay $200 for a different 'upgrade' model, for which I can only find a $10 price difference from the model I have.They drove me absolutely crazy, lied on multiple occasions and the only way I can get a different TV is to pay this $200. The only other option was to get an exact same model replacement, except they would only offer a refurbished model.So I either have to accept a refurb model or pay an extra $200 for another model, all for bringing home a poorly constructed Sony TV. And here I thought I was upgrading from the perfect Panasonic I've had for the last 10 years. You absolutely suck Sony.
television_sony|We looked at many LCD's before purchasing this one in Sept of 09. Last month, November 2010 it was unrepairable. The manufacturer warranty is only a year and had expired. It had lines of every color from top to bottom. We were told it would cost over $2000.00 to repair. Thank goodness I purchased a squaretrade.com 3 year warranty and they are completley repalacing my Television. Thanks again squaretrade!
television_sony|
television_sony|This is a fine TV, but we were very disappointed to find out that HDTV does NOT support Closed Captioning! This was a very important feature for us and we are very disappointed! The only way to get the closed captioning back is to downgrade to standard cable service and use the old Yellow, White and Red cables. If the signal goes through an HDMI cable, no closed captioning. The picture is not quite as good, but at least the Closed Captioning works. For more info Google: HDTV Closed Captioning.
television_sony|Within days of purchase I began having audio dropouts when changing channels. I checked the reviews here and found many others with same problem. I contacted Sony technical support for advice. Their response was that there are no known problems with this model, they do not pay attention to reviews made on other websites and they gave me a link for a fix that absolutely nothing to do with the problem I described to them.
television_sony|Great picture quality. Very pleased with our purchase of the Sony Bravia 46" LCD/HDTV. We also switched to AT&T U-Verse -- with the superb connection (after several tech visits to the outside of the house to re-run the line) there is a distinct increase in the quality on our small TV as well.
television_sony|The Sony Bravia is a great television and I bought it at an incredible price. Very happy.
television_sony|Good color, refresh rate is fantastic and advanced color setting allow experienced users to dial color to perfection.
television_sony|We got this TV just before Thanksgiving @ Best Buy with a free Blue Ray player for a great price. I didn't know they would be offering the same deal but with a PS3 instead or I would have gone for that. Still we've been enjoying the Blue Ray player and will probably keep it even if we get a PS3 later. The TV is an excellent value and while I have heard of the issues with 'red flashing' or 'clouding' we have only seen a slight color shift once or twice and no clouding at all. I guess we got lucky and got one of the good ones. I've calibrated the set using a calibration disc and now the colors are exceptionally vivid. It comes out of the box set up for showroom display, which is not the optimal setting for a home environment. Calibrate it using one of the fine calibration discs or look for others settings posted online to get the best picture. You won't be disappointed. We've been watching some racing and nature shows in HD and it's just amazing. I can't comment on the sound as I have a surround sound system, although I can't imagine spending this much on the display then just listening to the tiny speakers.
television_sony|This TV is very basic. It doesn't have any features like - usb movie playback, streaming from yahoo or netflix. But what it does, it does well. I wanted 120hz and 1080p capability. HD content - 1080p and 720 is very crisp and clear. DVD (with upsampling) looks very good too. Over the air channels also look very good - even 480i ones. This is a good buy for less than $1000.
television_sony|What an awesome Television. Bought ours from Amazon about a month before Christmas. The Family loves it. I would recommend surround sound to get the full effect of this investment.
television_sony|In within an hour after ordering, and I ordered fast, because it said: "only 3 left in stock, order soon!", I received a call from ADESH, with MODIA. He started by asking me if I knew that Sony has discontinued the TV I just ordered because of consumers' complaints. Therefore, he strongly advised me to buy another model Sony TV.I asked him to answer clearly if he has the TV I ordered or not. After some struggle, he "confessed" that he had "only one in a damaged box".To make the long story short: I suspect these people PLAY UNFAIR GAMES TO ATTRACT INTERNET TRAFFIC TO THEIR SITE. The TV I wanted to buy was at a 44% discount, while the one they wanted me to buy was at a 10% discount on their site, but they would give it to me for the same price of $899, saving me an extra $90. I guess the number prove what these people are doing. Unfortunately, I had to deal with sharks like these before, also third parties on amazon.com
television_sony|I'll keep it short. The image is sharp. The non-glossy screen is way nicer than Samsung's. The sound is decent for a flat-panel, although still don't expect any miracles. The TV has a huge software/firmware glitch though and it really does detract from the enjoyment. There is something wrong with auto white balance control. It shifts like crazy during certain shows or scenes. Anything with a solid blue background such as Colbert report or anything Fox News makes the thing go crazy. I have the latest and greatest firmware and it does not correct the issue. Sony is aware and you can see lots of videos on YouTube and read about it. It really makes the skin tones go nuts. I've tried adjusting the ACE and other recommended solutions. It is annoying, but tolerable if you can get the TV for the right price. Like many others, I was very annoyed at the glare from the Samsung which is what drove me to go Sony. In retrospect, I wish I would have gotten the Samsung.
television_sony|I bought this TV a couple of weeks ago after about a month of research, reading others reviews and reading the ratings in Consumer Reports. Whether in HD or standard picture the quality is excellent. Many other reviewers complained of the sound but for me the sound is great. Can turn it up high and I do not get any distortion. Was easy to hook up to my DVD player and cable and the set up and adjustments using the TV menu was very easy. I have always had Sony products and actually considered another brand at first but at the last minute changed my mind and was glad I did. I also got a great price on the TV purchasing right before the Superbowl. I am not a gamer nor do I use the internet through my TV so I cannot comment on that. I also have a window facing the TV and there is absolutely no glare. Overall, I am very pleased with this TV.
television_sony|Purchased this in May '09. The picture is phenomenal once you figure out the right settings, but getting there is a chore and Sony's tech support is useless ...unless you want to talk to someone who will simply read debug steps from the Troubleshooting Guide or read to you verbatim from the User's Guide.There were several bugs that Sony has fixed, but several more that Sony has claimed to have fixed in the Aug '09 firmware update but are still there. I won't list all the bugs, I'm just mentioning two that are the most annoying.The worst bug is the random dropouts of audio over the HDMI interface. You'll be watching something and all of a sudden the audio will start to stutter and then drop out altogether. Sony says they fixed this but it's still there. To clear it you have to change inputs, change channels on the cable box (same thing since the signal drops out briefly and then comes back when changing the channel) or cycle the power.Another bug is a loud popping sound when switching between signals in different formats (like changing between a 480i channel and a 1080i channel).Also, beware that firmware updates don't go according to plan or according to the instructions given by Sony. You'll probably have to attempt the firmware update more than once to get it to "take". I thought my TV was broken after the first attempt and was at the point where Sony told me to send it back. So I figured I had nothing to lose to pull the plug and try again. After another unsuccessful attempt the firmware updated on the third try.The audio is OK, but the either the speakers are undersized or in my unit not mounted properly because there's a lot of bass vibration/distortion when I turn it up above 50 (the volume goes 0-100).This could have been a good TV, and still could be, so I give it 3 stars. Maybe I'll have to come back and revise this to 4 or 5 if Sony ever fixes the bugs (although I've been waiting 4 months now).
television_sony|This is our first HDTV - I did research for few months and going back and forth to the store to do comparison before finally pulling the trigger on this one when Amazon had a bundle deal with bluplayer BDP-N460 for $ 865 using our amazon card. The package was delivered by PILOT, the guy set it up and made sure it work fine. Impressive customer support ! The TV looks sleek, quality of picture was just mind blowing - our first movie, Star Trek, looks very much alive on this... !!! Sound quality is fine, though not the best - but it does not matter, we use additional speakers. It also picks up more channels than my old TV did (we live in rural area far from TV stations, and we have no cable). The DVD works seamlessly with it, we can make do with just one remote. I still need to find wireless adapter to go with it. Finally we are enjoying our living room to the fullest. I can't be happier... and happy wife means happy household.... !ps. I have had it for over a month now, been looking to see if there are dead pixels or red flashing issues as mentioned by some here. But none I find so far - I must be lucky to get the non-defective model, I guess.....
television_sony|Almost purchased a Samsung LED TV from BB until I saw this set next to the Samsung. For $500 less, the picture quatily was identical. Found it even cheaper at Amazon, with free shipping. The picture quality is incredible. I have it paired with a PS3 as well as the Sony HDX-589 home theater system. No blurring while playing the PS3 or watching high speed sports. The software update was simple to install, and I've had no problems with the picture. Would buy this TV again.
television_sony|i gotta say right off tha bat i'm a huge sony fan when it comes to home entertainment.... so i was really hoping this tv wasn't gonna disappoint me. well it didn't. i love this tv so far adn i have no real issues except need to buy a sony usb stik to update it, it doesn't accept anything else but sony does tell u that. the pitcure's sharp and nice, it handles black well, the inputs are pure love.. i finally have inputs to put all my stuff in and knowing that i can get bravia link add-ons if i need more is quite comforting... the remote sucks, i'll say that much. ended up using the remote for my sony dream system instead... woulda really loved having a nicer remote com w/ the tv that woulda controlled the dream system instead of vice versa... ahh, no matter, i'll just get a sexier remote. i think that about sums it up. did i mention i love the tv?
television_sony|I bought this TV from Amazon to replace my two year old Samsung, whose power supply failed for the second time. The price for the TV plus the three year extended warranty was less than Costco sells just the TV for. My Samsung (LNT4661) had a matte finish screen and the matte screen on this Sony is a bit shinier than the Samsung's. If your viewing room is near bright windows, you will likely see a subdued reflection on the screen, but nothing like the gloss-screen Sonys we saw a couple of years ago. The first thing I noticed during setup was that the Sony is 10 lbs. lighter than my old Samsung. The second thing I noticed was that while there are a ton of HDMI connectors, the Sony is a bit short on S-Video and composite video connectors. I ended up having to use the side connectors you'd usually save for a videocam, etc. The position of the connections is excellent - they're placed on the rear panel near the left corner, so you don't have to crawl behind the set to hook things up. A major shortcoming of the set is the lack of a rotatable base as the Samsungs have. We overcame that one by placing an old kitchen-table placemat under the base and we can now easily turn the set when necessary by just sliding in on the placemat.The HD picture with over-the-air stations is superb as was the Samsung. A big surprise was the SD picture from our DirecTV receiver which is noticeably better on the Sony than the Samsung. Setup was simple, but not quick as the firmware still scans through the analog channels when looking for signals. The scanning operation took maybe 15 minutes in all. Switching between channels is slower than the Samsung, but switching between inputs is much faster. Menus are better organized and easier to use.The feature that sets the backlight brilliance based on ambient light works fine, but when watching a football game at night we usually want the brilliance turned up a bit compared to our preference while watching a regular program. Changing the backlight level is not difficult, but it would have been nice to have a single button on the remote for that function as the Samsung had.I can't say enough good things about Amazon's shipping (and FREE at that!). I know that many have had problems with the Eagle or CEVA shipping, but I suspect that problem is highly localized. The tracking info provided at the Amazon site was accurate and we received a phone call from the delivery man early in the morning saying he'd be here the same afternoon (and that was a day earlier than the estimate). He showed up in the middle of the time period given, and was quite a pleasant fellow. While they're not responsible for helping get the set in place, I asked if he'd help me remove it from the box so I could check out the screen for any damage. Since he had already pulled it out of the box for that, he happily helped me set it in place on the base. This is my third TV purchase from Amazon over the past 8 years or so and can't imagine why I'd ever buy one anywhere else in the future.
television_sony|Very pleased with the transaction. Merchandise was delivered very quickly. Merchandise was in excellent condition. Extremely happy with the TV set....picture quality on HD is awesome.
television_sony|After checking out comparable 1080p 46" models from Sharp, Samsung and Panasonic, we settled on the Sony KDL-46V5100 to replace our dying 10 year old 27" Panasonic. Got it in May. We are very impressed by the overall picture quality. I am sensitive to jerky images that some models have: this one renders pretty well. The HD quality is incredible: on one particular CSI Miami fly-over shot of the beach, everything was so crystal clear that I rubbed my eyes in disbelief! I was aware of the "darkening" problem that others have mentioned and applied Sony's patch right off the bat, so it is not been an issue for us.Interestingly, 3 stations (ABC, Fox and PBS) that had worked fine on el-cheapo Comcast service (analog) in the City of Atlanta stopped working altogether (analog or HD) after the June 12 transition, while NBC/CBS and a couple of indie stations continued to work fine in 1080p HD! I did not want to upgrade to digital service just to get three "free stations", so I bought the cheapest available HD capable antenna from Radio Shack and hooked it through an A/B switch. Now we get 28 digital channels off the air, including all the major networks in HD. We still use cable to watch some services in 480p resolution, but that is acceptable to us.My only complaint with this TV is the remote: it works fine with the TV, but cannot be programmed to use with other devices (such as the audio system.) That means it is back to multiple remotes for TV and audio system :-( I guess Sony wants users to pay extra for an upgraded remote? Our 10 year old Panasonic remote was functionally superior.
television_sony|I just received this television. My first impression is great. I've been investigating diffrent brands and different models of LCD TV's for a while. Here is the conclusion I reached and the reasons for purchasing this TV:* Sony has great models for over $2500. They have great picture but not great enough to compensate for the couple of thousand extra dollars paid. I saw 46XBR6 and 46V5100 next to each other in BB and did not see a significant difference except the price.* Samsungs have great LCD TVs. But glossy screen would not work for me at all. I have a bright living room where my TV is located. So, if you will have your TV in a bright room, you probably would like to avoid glossy screens like Samsung has. It really reflects a lot almost like a mirror. This was a big deal for me.Now, my experice with KDL46V5100 is as follows:It has great picture quality. I did not expect it to be so good at even SD. It is very easy to use. We plugged the TV and started to use it right away. Even user's manual is just a few pages. Before buying the TV I paid extra attention to the wide angle performance. This TV has about the same view from front and from sides: no changes in color or image quality with angle that I recognized.I am extremely satisfied with the Amazon delivery. They brought the TV, unpacked it and installed the TV on the stand.Good TV for good price and good service from Amazon...
television_sony|I recently purchased the Sony Bravia 46V5100, and wow is all i can say. This is my first HD anything purchase, although i did a ton of research for over a year, im glad i chose this Sony. I also promptly purchased the playstation 3 for the games and blu-ray, along with the HD package from the cable company, and it blows me away. The picture never blurs or anything like that, im a huge NASCAR fan and there is no blurring, no skipping and you never miss a bit of the action, and of course its the fastest sport on TV. With all the HDMI inputs, i dont know what else i can put in there to make it better, theres more than enough room for all the accessories. The screen is what made the difference for me between this Sony and the Samsung of the equivilant. The screen is not as glossy as the samsung, although the bezel is as shiny as the rest, you hardly notice it. The white glove delivery was great, i was notified of every step of the journey for my TV, the delivery guys unloaded it, ops checked it and explained some of the features. The only problem was a "feature" that came with the TV that darkens the screen during dark scenes on a movie or TV show, this problem has been fixed by a software update, found on the Sony support web site. its a very easy fix, just requiring an USB memory stick, or if you dont have one the Sony people will send you one. The update just takes minutes and makes a world of difference. I was a bit nervous about buying a TV online, but i went and checked it out at best buy, and it was about $400 less at amazon than at best buy, so my decision was made for me. Over all its a great tv, and a great price for the size of the TV. Thanks
television_sony|Overall, the picture quality is good, as only Sony TV's seem to deliver and the audio sounds great even though the speakers are small. However, the manufacture quality is not up to my expectations when it comes to spending extra money for the Sony brand. This is my 2nd 46v5100 as the first one was problematic and updating the firmware didn't help. There was intermittent loss of audio, there was terrible flashlighting in 3 of the corners, especially in the upper left corner, there was clouding in the bottom half of screen, and finally there appeared to a dimple behind the LCD. Amazon's policy on defective TV's requires that the buyer contact Sony to get a case #. Well, discussing to troubleshoot the problem with Sony was a real pain. (The Sony rep believed that resetting the TV could fix the clouding and flashlighting!) The replacement TV has manufacture date of August 2009 so it had the latest firmware. Fortunately, the 2nd set didn't have the audio problem and had considerably less clouding, however it still has flashlighting in the upper left corner. I'll probably just keep this set as Amazon's return/exchange policy for LCD TV's is a hassle. (Or at least, I was hassled by two Amazon reps). Now, I'm looking to get a second LCD TV for bedroom but I'm looking at other brands. I gave this TV only 3 stars because it seems average even though it is a Sony... It's tough to enjoy this TV's feature set when there are backlighting issues that is so visible every time I watch TV.
television_sony|I'll start off with the good stuff with this TV, excellent sound and great picture (except for really high motion which i'll get to later). The sound on this TV exceeded my expectations by a large margin as the sound quality is really crisp and clear. Sony got the sound on this TV right, and i don't think it could get better from just having a standalone TV set. One note: My cablebox makes a poping sound when switching channels - Sony has noted that this is a problem from the cablebox on their website. The picture is really great once you get the correct settings put in as well (do a google search for best settings). Only use HDMI cables unless your cable box or other device doesn't have an HDMI port for the best picture. One thing you will notice if this is your first dip into HDTV waters is that not all HDTV broadcasts are going to be in true HD quality. Some stations stretch the picture which looks terrible. It's not the Tv's fault however, it's the stations that are broadcasting. Some are good, some are bad, and some are just plain ugly.Where i knock this down 1 star is for fast motion. Sorry Nascar fans, im talking fast zoomed in motion - mostly football. Most sights that tell you how to calibrate your TV will tell you to turn the "Motionflow" portion of your settings off. I tried it and can say for me personally i can't watch the TV like that because the motion isn't smooth. If i put "Motionflow" on standard it looks better but i wish there was a setting between off and standard, like low for example. Getting back to my point though, i do not recommend this TV for viewing spaces UNDER 10 feet. Pixelazation starts to show up alot at the under 10 feet distance - especially in fast camera moments like football. Over 10 feet in your viewing area and i would probably give this TV 5 stars and not 4. Putting "Motionflow" on standard helps, but it doesn't cure it, and the level above standard is just silly because everything looks really fake. Would a TV at 240hz do a better job of making the motion blur go away? It may, but from what i have been reading on the internet the motion blur is from the TV stations broadcast itself. I don't have a 240hz TV right now (they are a little too expensive) to compare, but i have a feeling that you would still have some of the motion blur. Im just not sure at this point if the motion blur comes from the TV itself or from the HD broadcasts, it's there nonetheless even with HDMI cables and thats why i knock it down to 4 stars.As a side note i want to add that you should get a Blu-ray player if you like to watch movies. Most DVD's i own (around 500) look pretty bad on the new HDTV set's. Even with upconverting, the quality does not hold. Can you watch it - yes. Does it look good - sometimes depending on the encoding. Does it look great - no, only blu-ray will look great from now on if you purchase any HDTV set. It sucks, but it's the truth.UPDATE - Seems that i have found some settings that work alot better for fast motion after playing around with it for quite awhile and i wanted to share it with you guys:I'll start under "advanced settings" and remember these are what I like best (you may not):Cinemotion - Auto 2Motionflow - HighWith these settings i have found that football and high action for that matter is much better on this TV, but beware, i have found that if you don't use them both in combo you end up with scenes in movies that tend to go a little too fast making it look fake. Using them both together really helps eliminate MOST of the blur or pixelation (there is still a slight bit but i would say 90-95% is eliminated)The rest of my settings are (these are to your own taste, the motion settings are more important):Picture mode - StandardBacklight - 6Picture - 95Brightness - 52Color - 49Hue - 0Color Temp - NeutralSharpness - 6Everything else is in "off" modeGood luck, hope it helps!
television_sony|I researched 46 inch lcd tv's for months, and every site recommended the Samsung 550, so I bought it. I'm not a techie, so I'll just say this: the speakers on all Samsungs are on the bottom of the set, so unless you know how to hook it up to an external sound system, every show will sound like you're inside a tin can with the lid closed. I sent it back and got the Sony, which is a VAST improvement; the speakers are on the front of the set, where they belong. The picture is sharp, colors saturated and beautiful, it's easy to navigate. It's a great TV. Unlike the Samsung, which is incredibly shiny and reflective, the Sony even looks great in my living room. I love it!
television_sony|There is one major flaw with this TV that causes me to not be able to recommend it. There is a red flash issue that is unacceptable. Some scenes change hue and you see a quick redish flash more often than you will probably be willing to accept. If you search the internet for red flash and/or red flicker with the Sony kdl46v5100 you will see multiple complaints about this very defect. Don't take them lightly. Sony has a firmware update, but it does not resolve this specific issue. They refuse to correct this issue as you can see when you research it. In short...I'm stuck with my tv, but you don't have to be. Choose wisely.
television_sony|Known issues that Sony refuses to address: * Audio Dropouts. Sound will cutout for no reason, causing you to change channel to get the audio back. * Red Flashing. Faces go from normal skintone to sunburn and back and forth. * Non-linear grayscale tracking (causing dark grays of the picture to be either green or blue). * Clouding. Uneven screen, causing clouding effect in different section of screen * Flashlight effects in corners. * Screen flicker while using "full pixel" screen aspect modeSony refuses to address these problems, do yourself a favor and buy a different TV.Check out [...]for a thread listing all the problems pertaining to this model.
television_sony|Standing in front of a wall of TV's, BB showing a advertising disc with maybe 480p content on it this Sony caught my eye! I looked at the Sammy LED but it wasn't what I expected (I know its the first model) The brightness was just over the top, whites actually looked to bright over everything else.Needless to say I picked up the Sony Bravia 46" V5100! This is a replacement for a 32" in my bedroom, so I hurried home to make the swap!Out of the box this TV looks amazing even off! I love the black, not a big fan of these new sets with "color" but that's just me!I pulled this beast out of the box and mounted the wall bracket hardware to the back. Hoisted it up onto the wall and made the connections (Xbox 360/HDMI)I pressed the power button and WOW! The colors on even the initial screen were just gorgeous! I went thru a few settings but mainly just wanted to see what she could do. I fired up Finding Nemo, and was blown away, the colors are just insane...literally they pop off the screen. I followed this up with a quick game of COD4 which also to no surprise looked amazing!Everything is razor sharp right out of the box, hopefully tonight I'll get a chance to run a good calibration and setup but I'm really amazed at the quality of this TV!I cant wait to see a Blu Ray player connected to this set...I can only imagine how beautiful it will be (I was tempted to pull the one out of the living room but it was getting late)The sound is well...TV sound, and I never buy a new TV based on its speakers. For normal everyday listening they do sound pretty nice, even at higher levels...in fact the simulated surround sound is pretty good on HD broadcasts (over air) I did notice it doesn't handle the surround sound on movies and games as well but that's to be expected!If your looking for an excellent TV at an excellent price this is the way to go! I'm gonna post any problems here after tonight's setup and more in depth use...somehow I don't think ill have much to type!
television_sony|I have been shopping for a 46" TV since last autumn. The Sony KDL-46V5100 at $1299 is a great value; when I saw the price drop from $1399 I hit the buy button. The 2009 V5100 models look as good as the 2008 Sony Z4100 series, at least to my eyes.I considered buying a clearance 2008 model but worried about software support for discontinued models. Sure enough, Sony fixed their auto-dimming problem in a patch for the 2009 models and has not yet released a patch for 2008 models. Be sure to install the firmware update if you buy this TV; see the Sony site for details.Sound quality is quite good for a TV; we seriously considered not using our older Sony home theater system and just going with the TV's speakers.We love the matte finish screen. The styling is plain and unobtrusive; doesn't stand out but doesn't distract either.A great TV at a great price. I don't like to spend a lot of money just to have the fanciest new toys; I prefer to get the maximum value for my money. This model hit the sweet spot for me.
television_sony|I wanted to post my thoughts here to inform potential buyers and also to beg Sony to do the right thing and stand behind their products. Even if it's one of their lower end models, $1,000+ is still a significant amount of money to pay for something that doesn't work properly.I personally own the 52 inch model of this set, but have used the other size models as well. My comments here pertain to issues that apparently plague the entire Sony Bravia V and S series and have NOT been addressed by the latest firmware update available as of this date. The bang for the buck on this TV would be great, if not for these issues. The worst part of it is that Sony has seemingly been completely silent on the issues and has so far refused to acknowledge or do anything about it. If Sony would just address these issues, my rating would increase significantly. I've been a lifelong Sony customer, but at this point I cannot imagine buying or recommending another Sony product if this is how they support their products. I'm really hoping they come through and address this appropriately and restore my faith in the Sony brand.While some common LCD problems, such as clouding and flashlighting do affect some other owners, here is a summary of the two major problems I have personally experienced with these Sony TVs:1. Visual Problem (Red Flashing) - In some programs, red items in the scene will flash as though someone is boosting the color saturation momentarily. You can see this color shift in faces, but also in other objects. This happens on all inputs and with many TV shows, movies, etc. I see it a lot in the set background of The Daily Show. There is a whole lot of information about this issue on avsforums, various youtube videos, etc. Many owners have had multiple service visits and exchanged TVs, without resolving the problem. There is simply no way that Sony does not know how to reproduce it.2. Audio Problems - There are frequent audio dropouts. The sound will cutout and won't come back until the channel is changed or TV power is cycled. Additionally, when the TV volume is very low (1 to 10), there is significant hiss and noise which make the program audio nearly unintelligible. Late night quiet viewing is very problematic due to this. There is also a loud pop whenever the display resolution changes using HDMI.I could learn to live with the audio issues, but the Red Flashing issue is serious and very distracting. I am seriously hoping that Sony can and will do the right thing and release a firmware fix for this as it very much seems to be a video processing bug which affects all of their Bravia Engine 2 sets. If Sony won't resolve this, then I plan to fight them tooth and nail while under warranty as these are clearly design and/or manufacturing defects. I've heard some people try to claim that this is the price to pay for buying one of the "value" models and it's par for the course. That is pure nonsense! These are NOT simply the quality issues that one might expect, related to contrast ratios, color accuracy, etc. These are serious flaws!Anyway....hope this information helps potential buyers make a more informed decision. I welcome any comments or feedback!
