watch-casio|it's a very good watch. 4 stars because i think they could've done more with the design and finishing. great for a gift.
watch-casio|I liked the product, arrived on time without problems and product details, good salespeople recommend hundred percent,thanks for the product
watch-casio|big, clumsy, difficult to read functions, small dials, easily scratched; try another brand. Older style. Almost classic design with alot of markings.
watch-casio|Value for money I liked.I hope next time there are more promotions.'ve Always liked.Still waiting hands. Ah well.Two more words
watch-casio|excelente producto.. en buen estado vale la pena comprarlo, el vendedor excelente llego todo a tiempo y en muy buen estado.
watch-casio|hellothe clock is nice and was what we wanted, but there was one detail the back were scratched, one must be careful with these detailsThanks Ignacio
watch-casio|muy muy bueno este producto quede muy contento con este producto es bueno y no tengo queja alguna, gracias, hasta cundo
watch-casio|Excelente producto totalmente nuevo, volveria a comprarle, sencillamente excelente; muy rapido en llegar y responsable todo el tiempo, 5 estrellas
watch-casio|Nice big dial.Good product for the value.Like the black dial of the same.Also the steel belt looks good.value for money
watch-casio|La entrega fue a tiempo, la comunicaci&oacute;n fue inmediata y atenta, el producto es tal cual como se esperaba, 100% recomendado.
watch-casio|I feel disappointed because there several scratches on the back of the dial plate! I think i bought an used watch. How can it happen!
watch-casio|This is really a good watch, and I pay a big amount of money for it, too. a little thing is that the belt is large for me so the watch easy to loose and drop.
watch-casio|Do not know yet watch was purchased as a Christmas present for my boyfriend. Please check with me after Christmas.
watch-casio|I had this watch for 5 months and it's great!I mainly use it for biking, swimming and any other outdoors activity (were I wouldn't wear my Movado or TAG).Mine actually has a rubber band and white dial, which makes a nice contrast and makes it sportier.Keeps accurate time, easy to set up, displays the date and just looks awesome.Highly recommend for daily beating.
watch-casio|I Order this watch for my father, he loved it at first sights, all his friends really liked it and wants to order the same themself. The watch looks is amazing at such a low price and really looks bold. I rated it 5 for shipment - really fast withing 2 days I got it delivered. Highly recommended.
watch-casio|excellent watch! horoshie chasy, metall, ne ochen tyajelyi, sekundomer klassnyi, i vyglyadit horosho. jakshy saat eken, tolko strelki cheto detskie
watch-casio|Was having a tough decision whether to get this one or the other one. But I'm happy with this. It is big and heavy and would look great on a woman with large hands and wrists. I have small wrists and hands & love big jewelry.
watch-casio|LOOKS OF THE WATCH IS GREAT BUT WHEN YOU GET IT IN YOUR HAND, IT'S NOT THE SAME. FOR THOSE OF YOU WHO COLLECT, YOU KNOW WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT. IT DOESN'T FEEL HEAVY ENOUGH, IF THAT MAKES SENCE. DON'T GET ME WRONG, I LIKE THE WATCH AND WARE IT BUT IT'S NOT A SEIKO. HOPE THIS HELPS.
watch-casio|It's a deception because is bigger is so much diferent as the pics,first is not atractive, is too heavy and wrist steel stink. I would like my money back.
watch-casio|I have had a Casio watch for about a year and now the watchband needs replaced. I was informed by Walmart that they cannot replace a Casio watchband. I called Casio and they told me that as far as they know NO CASIO WATCHBAND CAN BE REPLACED BY A NORMAL WATCHBAND! I had to order a watchband from Casio and they had to know which model it was before I ordered it. Total price: $12.00 shipping, handling and sales tax included. I then asked the representative if instructions would be included because it was a different type of setup instead of pins. HE SAID THAT THEY ARE SUPPOSED TO RECOMMEND TAKING THE BAND TO A JEWELER TO HAVE IT PUT ON!! PLEASE BEWARE OF THIS AS BANDS DO NOT LAST FOREVER!!
watch-casio|Pros:The watch itself is well built and looks like a very expensive divers watch.The silver and black dial work well and the rotating bezel is a nice touch too.The chronograph is adequate, and anyways I mostly use my smart phone for all my stopwatch and timer needs.I wouldn't be too worried about getting it wet during everyday wear, though I am note sure how it'll hold up under water for actual diving.Cons:It's heavy and big. At 154g (with the stainless steel strap) and 46mm case diameter it's not too light weight, but I guess if you get the strap adjusted to your wrist it should stay put.The strap could have been better; it looks cheap compared to the watch itself. I am considering getting a 22mm PU or silicone strap to make it look more like a divers watch.Bottom line -------------------------------------For $80 this watch is definitely recommended for someone looking for a great looking divers watch.
watch-casio|Es muy bonita... nos gusto mucho... es de muy buena calidad... los colores son muy vivos... es muy buen producto...
watch-casio|EXCELENTE PRODUCTO.LA MARCA CASIO ES GARANT&Iacute;A DE CALIDAD POR ESO PERMANENTEMENTE LO USO.SE LOS RECOMIENDO.PARA QUIENES ESTAMOS EN CAMPO, MONTA&Ntilde;A Y ACTIVIDADES AL AIRE LIBRE ES IDEAL.
watch-casio|It is good looking and high quality watch considering its price.I strongly recommend it to who wants to have good and not expensive watch.Only you should adjust the band for yourself.
watch-casio|This product is very nice! Easy to carry on, safety and portable!Really glad that i bought it!I recommend.
watch-casio|I did not get this item to the address in my mailbox and had to get from the 09/11/2012, which has me a little uneasy.
watch-casio|I am very satisfied and happy because the product arrived just in time, attention and speed was great, I highly recommend them. thanks
watch-casio|excelente producto lo recomiendo es muy bueno cumpli&oacute; con todas mis expectativas y el envio fue rapido seguro y confiable
watch-casio|Excelente, realmente era lo que estaba esperando, buena calidad, todo ok con el envio y dem&aacute;s detalles... great, super. ok
watch-casio|It's a nice looking price and at a great price. The glass however is quite prone to scratches but the watch itself is quite sturdy. It has served me quite well for a year's continuous usage.
watch-casio|Very good product, quality and finish.. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. ..
watch-casio|This watch is great value for the price, has all the features necessary, looks great and is solid in make and appearance.
watch-casio|SELLERS ARE EXCELLENT RECOMMEND 100%, very helpful and my order arrived earlier than expected and despite bad management DI were able to find her
watch-casio|i like it because i can dive with it. and it can last under water for long without expecting it to stop.
watch-casio|LLEGO A TIEMPO Y EN MUY BUEN ESTADO. GHG KJG GJKGJK KGKG KGK GKGK GKGKG KGKG KGKG KGMG KG GK
watch-casio|Como ya estoy acostumbrado a la calidad de esta marca, hoy con este reloj no ah sido diferente, en esta rama Casio es una de mis marcas favoritas.
watch-casio|It is one of the pest watch I ever buy peautefullOne time qoud delevery very good manufacture always casio
watch-casio|I bought this product a week ago. It was bigger than I expected but very stylish and well fitted (you have to probably take out few links from the wrist band to make it fit perfectly). no functional problems so far.
watch-casio|Nice n good item to be have in my life for use when i go to work and i love it.
watch-casio|My wife though I bought a Rolex from the looks of it. The band was kind of big, but it work out alright.
watch-casio|Creo que fue una compra muy bien hecha, para el nivel del reloj el precio es excelente se los recomiendo!!!
watch-casio|I bought this for my college-aged son. For a guy who lives in t-shirts, he is VERY picky about what he puts on his wrist! This watch is very large and needed several links removed, but it is comfortable and very distinguished. He's very pleased with it--therefore,I highly recommend it!
watch-casio|This watch gives a sparkling look which looks great. There is absolutely no problem with this watch , it looks more expensive then it is. Only the packaging looks very cheap.
watch-casio|A beautiful watch for the price. Well made really easy to set up date is no problem to do. Simple yet perfect design, the black and silver are perfect match in color combo...what can I say money well spent.
watch-casio|Watch looks great and works as expected. I have bought three Casio watches in the last 30 years and all were worth the money.
watch-casio|Durable convent and easy to use, but setting the day can be rather finicky. Otherwise it is a good and solid watch.
watch-casio|excelente el producto, llego en buen estado. llego el dia prometido, y estaba el producto en buen estado, muy buena atencion.
watch-casio|el articulo llego en buen estado vendedor muy atento y el currier igual lo recomiendo tanto a este vendedor como el currier
watch-casio|Its prefect for casual wear. No scratches on the glass, but i got the watch with small scratches on the bottom side.
watch-casio|This product came as I expected and it is a beautiful piece. I bought it for my fiance for an anniversary gift and he loved it. The only con about this product is that because of shipping, the holder inside the box scratched up the back of the watch. It is minor cosmetic damage and my fiance didn't seem to mind as much as I did. At least you cannot see the scratches. Besides that the piece is great and I would recommend it! Large face and it is easy to read - pieces glow brightly in the dark.
watch-casio|I am very pleased and satisfied with the product for me is excellent, no I do not like nad, meets all my expectations ...
watch-casio|I'm very satisfy with this product, it looks great and works great, I only had it for 2 weeks and no problems so far.
watch-casio|The watch is awesome and the price is fantastic.It is a great offer. I am glad I bought this such a low price.
watch-casio|This is the third Casio that I have purchased and I wear one of them daily. Great looks, function, and durability. I have one that I wear to work daily. I can swim with any of them on my arm. This model and the blue dial one are suitable for even dressy occasions. I plan to get another like this one for my son-in-law!
watch-casio|I got this watch..n when i opened it..me n my friend just kept watching it...:) This watch is really very nice..though the dial of this watch is little big..so the one who don't like big watches..don't go for it. But i like these kind of watches..and this one is one of the best watches i have ever had... :)
watch-casio|This watch is really good. Well crafted and worth the money. Definitely a keeper. Its a larger face watch so don't buy if you prefer normal size watches.
watch-casio|The picture doesn't tell the story. I bought a clock to put on my wrist. The manual is so small I had to read it with a magnifing glass. It took over 1/2 hour just to set the time.
watch-casio|I get the product on time good watch how bad was the same packaging as the clock cover down I get scratched protejieron not properly im from merida venezuela
watch-casio|If you have considered the $12,000 James Bond Omega watch, this Casio looks just about the same and would do a decent job as well!
watch-casio|Looks very shining : ) The design looks very modern, and it looks like an expensive watch with good taste, but actually it's quite cheap : )
watch-casio|excelente excelente todo bien, el producto vino en excelentes condiciones se cumplio con lo acordado, lo recomiendo 100 %. buen vendendor
watch-casio|Aunque es un poco mas peque&ntilde;o de lo que parece sigue siendo un exelente reloj, muy buena compra y el funcionamiento es optimo
watch-casio|Fue llevado en fecha y hora establecida.Super recomendable la compra y la entrega.Ya estoy disfrutando el reloj en Buenos Aires-Argentina.Muchas gracias.
watch-casio|This casio divers watch so far has met up to my expectations and has gotten compliments from friends and coworkers. For the price I paid its a good deal for me! I purchased it as a replacement watch for using at work, but i use it all the time.
watch-casio|I have always liked Casio products and I was in the market for a nice metal band watch, something functional but not too flashy. I narrowed my choices down to this watch and a blue faced watch. I ultimately chose this one because the black face would go with anything I wore. I like the stop watch feature but I have not had a chance to use it. Size of the watch is good and the weight is fair compared to my Citizen watch I wear for dress occasions.All in all this is a good watch.
watch-casio|I was looking for a sub $100 dive watch that was nice looking and well made. I recently purchased a Casio Pathfinder for backpacking and had good luck with Casio so looked towards Casio for a more elegant watch. This watch does not disappoint and has a great comfortable band, substantial weight, easy to read, and looks good so many think it is more expensive than it is.
watch-casio|Soy de Caracas-Venezuela y Recomiendo ampliamente a esta vendedor, Muy Buena Calidad, Putualidad en la entrega , Recomendable 100%, Felicitaciones
watch-casio|Totalemente conforme con el producto, con el envio, el precio y las caracteristicas del mismo. Es el reloj que encargu&eacute; y lleg&oacute; a tiempo, inclusive ande lo que lo esperaba
watch-casio|Cannot say enough about this watch. The large face is so nice looking and the quality is superb. I am sure it will be looking great and being shown off for years to come.
watch-casio|Husband loves this watch. It is huge and "manly" but still has some taste and class. He prefers the huge size and all the geegaahs. Great looking, great price.
watch-casio|I like it ,it is a so nice watch,but I think the only disadvantage is that the double direction circumgyrated dial plate , If it only can cirvumgyrate to one way ,it should be perfect.
watch-casio|EXCELENTE ARTICULO EXCELENTE CALIDAD MUY BUENA LA PRESENTACION DE ENTREGA Y VENDEDOR MUY CUMPLIDOS Y RESPONSABLES REALMENTE MUY BUENO ESPERO VOLVER A COMPRAR ALGUN ARTICULO A USTEDES GRACIAS
watch-casio|it is a slick watch. I cant believe I own it. I feel completely happy about it. I hope to have it for a long time
watch-casio|I purchased the watch few weeks ago. It works as expected. The grafiks of the dial and bezel are outstanding. It makes it look far more expensive. The case and the band very well made and elegant. To remove links is very easy: just follow the arrows to remove pins. Put them back in the oposite direction. The date window is small. You can install a magnifier lens. Directions and materials at: [...]I recommend it to anyone.
watch-casio|I bought this watch mostly because of the features and price. It is very easy to read and operate, and keeps good time. It is a very nice looking watch and the solid stainless steel case is very high quality.. It was kind of hard to adjust the band but it did get done.. I would recommend this watch to anyone wanting a very functional timepiece..
watch-casio|congratulate a great product. is what I wanted and the price given works perfectly. the product is just wonderful thanks
watch-casio|excelente la atencion y el tiempo de envio, estoy muy satisfecho y contento por que mis paquetes llegaron a tiempo y en todo momento tenia el seguimiento
watch-casio|Like some others have stated, my watch arrived with a few scuff marks on the watch back. Not a big concern for me. This will be a daily use watch and I don't look at the watch back. Big dial face makes it easier to read with these tired old eyes. I also replaced the stainless steel band with the 22mm Casio resin band. I prefer the resin band to the stainless steel one for all day wear. Swapping out the bands was easy with a simple jewelers screwdriver (and the right amount of caution). Don't want to shoot the spring pin across the room when compressing it onto the watch. Other than that, the watch is good to go. I'm a Casio G-Shock man because I like the recessed crystal. I've had my analog blue dial G-Shock for over 5 years and not a single scratch on the crystal. So we'll see how this one does and how scratch resistant the mineral crystal is. If I trash it, I'll just go back to the G-Shocks. Plus I'll still keep my old G-Shock as a backup - it still works just fine.
watch-casio|me gusto el reloj, llego en perfectas condiciones, se ve igual que en la imagen, yo recomiendo totalmente este articulo
watch-casio|LOVE THIS WATCH!!!!!!!!!!Shape great, showing correct time, nice fit (although i had to make it smaller), colors just as on the picture. My BF loves it, I LOVE IT. and everyone around likes it. For this price, a great deal!!
watch-casio|The watch is described as a dive watch, but it is not. The outside bezel has compass measurements and cannot be used for a dive watch because it turns both ways. The watch is not an "ana-digi" either. I don't know why they describe them like that. There is nothing digital about the watch.The interior black face is textured with a circular design. This adds some depth to a well designed watch. The outside bezel as stated before is for compass usage. Beneath the glass is a tachymeter that can be used to determine speed. The large second had is used for the chronograph feature, which I prefer. The large second hand also has a red tip with adds a little splash of color and makes it easier to see. The small seconds dial is used for time keeping. The hour marks on the watch are very shiny adding to the high-class look of the face. The main hands contrast well with the black face and the luminous paint works well.The band is the only flaw (flaw may be too strong a word). The band is not that bad, but it does seem a little on the cheap side. The point where the watch case and the watch band meet could have been designed better. The band seems light (tinny) compared to a heavier steel band of more expensive watches. I would recommend the metal band over the resin though. The locking clasp of the band feels secure when in place. Overall I'm very pleased with this watch. The price on Amazon is cheaper than retail.
watch-casio|For such a price I think Casio did well,it really looks like an expensive watch.I have no idea if the glass scratches easily or not,as mentioned in the previous review...If you like big watches like me,this model will be the right choice.I uploaded 3 pictures that are quite different from the advertised one,you will notice how nice it's looking on the hand.The only thing I know is that I'm enjoying wearing it,and I'm planning to buy a second one for a friend.
watch-casio|I bought this watch for a timed test because I wanted a rotating bezel (the test does not allow digital timers). This watch is serviceable and attractive enough, however the quality and features would make me rethink this purchase given the chance.NEGATIVESI found that the analog timer on this watch is very useful, except when the hands are covering the tiny timer dials. For this reason, I couldn't always rely on the timer. The bezel is absolutely garbage. It gets stuck for no reason, and when it's not stuck it's too loose to keep your place reliably. If you're looking for a quick way to time a close approximation, the bezel may be for you.The quality of construction is questionable. For the reasons metioned above (lame bezel), as well as just the overall feel. The band is disproportionately weighted to the watch itself, and everything just feels cheap. I realize this isn't meant to be a rolex, but for $100 I feel that you could get a better watch.POSITIVESThe watch has kept time very accurately to the best of my knowledge. It's also easy to use. The problems I've had occur infrequently, so overall this is a highly functional watch. I really like that it's extremely waterproof. It also looks decently cool, depending on your tastes. I have gotten compliments on this watch, however it is not at all flashy. I've dropped the watch a few times and it remains undented and still working smoothly.The watch is simple to adjust if you've ever used an analog watch, it's standard.VERDICTDecent looking, sturdy construction, cheap materials, unique features. Large, easy-to read face. Rotating bezel and analog timer. If you need the features that this watch offers and can't find it at a better price, then this watch is serviceable. Its lifetime warranty suggests that this watch will keep working for a long time. However value-wise, if you just want a good looking watch that tells the time, you can definitely find better products for your money.EDIT: At the time this review was written, 3 years ago, the watch was $100. Amazon has since lowered the price, and I believe the new price more closely reflects the watch's value. I'd personally like to see it around $60-65, but it's got a lot of unique features, like a 2-way bezel and analog timer, that may be hard to find somewhere else for less. FYI the watch is still holding up well, just had to do one battery change so far.
watch-casio|Watch is put together rather well, being that I use it for a work watch it hold up does the job.
watch-casio|Was originally looking for a Seiko or Citizen solar or kinetic.But this watch had all the features I need for up to two hundreddlrs. less. Looks and feels just as well made as the big brands.Vendor delivered very fast.
watch-casio|buen reloj, de muy buena apariencia, los relojes peque&ntilde;os funcionan perfectamente, recomendado si quieres un reloj que sin ser muy caro represente algo de calidad
watch-casio|Actually a pretty nice watch, especially for the money. Brushed stainless finish on most of the watch. Polished finished on the sides sets it off nicely. It has a rotating bezel so you can move it to align with the sweep hand for timed events. The working chronograph is similar to a Tag Heuer in the way it works. The large sweep second hand is actually used for the stop watch function with the top and center chronographs providing the 60 minute and 12 hour counters.(Actually 11 hours, 59 minutes, and 59 seconds, but if you are counting that much time do you really need a stopwatch?) The bottom chronograph is the actual second hand and is the only one you should see moving unless the stopwatch is activated. This does mean that if you inadvertantly leave the stopwatch funtion on and the large sweep hand is moving around the watch face like a normal second hand battery life will be greatly diminished. The top button on the right side of the watch starts and stops the stop watch funtion, while the lower button resets the stop watch to zero. The crown , or stem sets the time and date. The bezel is marked with 60 second calibrations, numbers every 10 seconds, 10...20...30...etc. It is also marked in degrees of a circle, 30...60...150...330...etc, as well as compass headings. S, E, W, N. And if that's not enough, it has a Tachymeter so you can calculate your speed. (Just don't try this while driving) The crown doesn't seem to be a screw down type, and the face is marked "Water Resist 100M" so I have my doubts about it's ability as a dependable dive watch. The watch diameter is about 46mm at the crown, (or stem) the crystal is about 31mm. So it is large, but not excessive. It does have heft and fortunatly a nice band and clasp to hold it on. I can't find information on the battery either on the watch or in the included instructions. Guess you wait until it dies, crack it open and get one like it. Overall a nice, good looking watch with many features if you like to play with analog devices. If you insist on using this for an actual dive watch then there is a good chance you'll be removed from the gene pool. But, if you just want a good looking, worry free watch to wear to the beach and have the ability to time the waiters, check the speed of the boats, and tell how many degrees the sun is over the horizon, then this is the watch for you.
watch-casio|I saw this watch at Target and found it online for $20 less. When I received the watch everything was great, it came well packaged and was in perfect condition. One thing I noticed is that the bezel moves in both directions which with a true dive watch it only moves in one but I realized it was only a dive style watch and not meant for diving so I forgave that. The real problem came the second time I wore it and I must have bumped it against something and the glass got a decent scratch in it. I didn't even realize that I had run into anything so I couldn't have hit it very hard and in my opinion it scratched far too easily. I realize that it's not the most expensive watch but it's certainly not the cheapest either and I would expect a build quality that would resist at least daily wear and tear. I've had the watch for a month and have only worn it a few times but every time I look at the face I see the scratch and it bothers me.
watch-casio|This is a great watch. I have owned it for 6 months and there are no scratches on it yet - and I'm pretty rough on it. It is worthy to note that this is a large watch, which some people may not like, although I didn't think I liked large watches before I got this one, so it may change your mind. I bought this watch with the black rubber wristband which I would like to swap out for the SS wristband because I think it dresses it up more. My Boss wears a Rolex Daytona if you are familiar and my watch caught his attention - I think you could buy 400 of these for the price of his.
watch-casio|muy bueno el producto los felicito muchas gracias estoy muy satisfecho . . . . . . . . . . . . .
