asus-transformer|I did my research before i made my purchase, the TF300 works great and you can add keyboard if you choose which gives you even more GB and battery life. I can charge it and let it sit around for days and the battery is still good to go. I can play games on it for hours with no recharge. I have no problem with glare or reflection, if i did i could easily purchase a anti reflective shield problem solved. The Asus TF300 is a good purchase its does what its suppose to do.
asus-transformer|this is a great tablet at a good price. my first tablet was a pan....... that was generally a piece of junk. started falling apart a few months after purchase. customer support was non-existant. the asus is far better built; has more features and is lighter. the tablet has a really decent battery in it.my only criticism is that there isn't a users manual available that I have found. there are functions that I still have to master. mostly a trial and fail procedure. but this seems to be the trend lately; no manual for reference, even on line.I paired this with a keyboard docking station (vastly increasing the battery life) and a leather case. I'm happy as a pig in slop!!
asus-transformer|I did a lot of reading before choosing this tablet, previously bought a hp touchpad from the fire sale, it was ok, extremely heavy, slow, and just no good software. I originally wanted the Samsung Tab 2 but after reading some reviews and doing a little research for average price the Asus TF300 is the most bang for the buck, after playing with it for a few days I know I made the right choice.
asus-transformer|I cant believe everything offered on this tablet for its modest price! As a gamer, i appreciate having the invidia Quad core processor as it makes graphics move seamlessly! The display is chrisp and easy to see (i dont spend much time outdoors but noticed it was harder to see in direct sunlight) i bought the keyboard as well which has made note taking and emergency charging a breeze! This tablet has been nothing but fabulous! As a student, this tablet makes it easy to take notes and send them to myself. All of my iPad owning friends are so jealous when they see my tablet outperform there at a small fraction of the price they paid! I highly recommend this tablet! Thin, efficient, great battery, convenient, and it has the balls to run the best games FLAWLESSLY!** THE PEOPLE WHO GAVE IT A BAD REVIEW WERE EXPECTING IT TO be SOMETHING ELSE, IT'S NOT THE DEVELOPERS FAULT WHEN CONSUMERS DONT RESEARCH!!!!***This tablet is great as long as you understand that it is indeed a tablet.... and therefore, is not intended to replace your pc.Hybrid laplets that are running full versions of Windows and are capable of being pc killers are available for over $1000.This is a clever gadget to make your life easier in conjunction with your existing computer.
asus-transformer|I enjoy this tablet every day, I am amazed at all the things it can do.I am a older person but I love all new technology
asus-transformer|Excellent battery life, gorgeous display, good sound, and everything I need in an 'on-the-go' accompaniment to my laptop. I've been using it since Christmas without complaints. Everything I've asked of it, it's done with at least as much reliability as a full laptop.
asus-transformer|I have had this for almost a year. I have enjoyed owning it and I would like to purchase a dock.
asus-transformer|This is a Great tablet. Has all the bells and whistles - no complaints (but have not upgraded to jelly bean yet).
asus-transformer|I read several reviews before purchasing this tablet. All the positive reviews i read are true. As for the negative reviews posted, i am yet to experience them. I can not complain this tablet.
asus-transformer|I simply love this item. Works very nicely and speedy, although wireless can be flaky but that's rare. Asus already sent an OS update 2 days after I had it. Upgraded to Jelly Bean. Worked even better!
asus-transformer|After playing with my Nexus 7, i'm sold! Gotta get the big brother - ASUS TF300. I was impressed with flawless performance of the Tegra 3 and UPDATE: Jelly Bean. Also a lot cheaper than my wife's $500 ipad 3. I just want something that works flawlessly and not anything less. No fancy animation or silly ringtones.
asus-transformer|I have used this non-stop for about six weeks and have been nothing but happy. For standard web browsing, light games, streaming media, email, facebook etc. it's incredibly convenient. And I love that it fits in my purse. I have been able to view and even edit Microsoft documents stored in cloud storage. The screen image is gorgeous and it is easy to use right out of the box.
asus-transformer|I would recommend the tablet, just updated to Jelly Bean but ICS was fine. Snappy responses and Tegra 3 video a plus. Keyboard dock is fantastic.Only nitpick, screen colors are washed out a bit at all brightness levels and lighting conditions. Might not have noticed but I also have access to Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1, Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 and Galaxy Tab 2 7.0 devices. Samsung colors are much richer, blacks deeper. Wish Asus would provide some Gamma tuning app for the screen. Then 5 stars absolutely.
asus-transformer|First off: I love it. I love the weight, the dimensions, the hardware specs!Asus also just pushed Android 4.1.1 (Jelly Bean) 2 days ago, so that's rad!My biggest complaint, and it's the android industry in general, is the lack of accessories. But that's no fault of this tablet. There are enough basic options out there. And this may change over time and Asus continues making devices in these dimension.One minor complaint with this plastic version of the Prime is some movement along the edge of the screen. It's really pretty minor, but I notice when holding it at the corners that the screen edge can be squeezed into the case a fraction of a millimeter. Additionally, with the case I bought, because it fits very snuggly, also started to pull the back cover off a teeny bit around the camera when I first put them together. So be careful. But this is why we're paying $380 instead of $500 :)Other than that, I'm very happy. I've hardly touched my macbook in the 2 weeks since I got this.Tip: Accessories that adhere to the device via suction or other "removable" adhesive methods probably won't work because of the radial texture on the back.Tip: Here's a dimensions table of similar devices that I put together to help me find compatible accessories.MODEL DIMENSIONS (IN.) THICKNESS WEIGHT (LB.)-----------------------------------------------------------------------------Asus Transformer Pad TF300T 10.4 x 7.1 0.39 1.39Asus Eee Pad Transformer TF700 10.4 x 7.12 0.34 598 gAsus Eee Pad Transformer Prime 10.4 x 7.1 0.31 1.29Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 10.1 x 6.9 0.38 1.3Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 10.1 x 6.9 0.34 1.20Acer Iconia Tab A510 10.4 x 6.9 0.40 1.50Apple iPad (1st Gen) 9.56 x 7.47 0.5Apple iPad (2nd Gen) 9.50 x 7.31 0.34Apple iPad (3rd gen., 2012) 9.50 x 7.31 0.37 1.44
asus-transformer|I am a college student who absolutely hates carrying those countless notebooks and textbooks around that huge campus. This tablet allows me to have everything I need in less than the weight of one textbook! I recommend buying the keyboard dock---it makes note taking and everything just easier. I can buy e-books or just scan the pages that I need that day and upload it to my tablet! Great for any anybody---especially students with a budget and high expectations, like me.
asus-transformer|i got this tablet at gamestop i traded in my 16 gb nexus 7 witch is a great 7" tablet but there was not enough space on it and no memory card slot. I love this tablet, this tablet is just like A 10.1 inch version of the nexus 7 this is a tegra 3 tablet witch is great for playing hd games on it. Since i like to watch alot of video's when go out i decided to get this because it has 32 gb of internal storage and it also has a micro sd slot with up to 32 gb of additional space.
asus-transformer|i purchased my asus pad t300 a couple of months ago.. it is so easy to use and so light. I especially love the color..The key board is exactly like my asus laptop..usuer friendly..i love taking it with me on trips and my kids like viewing movies on it, it is better than a portable dvd. geting on the web could never be so easier..I have a Droid 3 phone and when I got my asus pad and powered it on, it found all of my apps that I have downdloaded on my phone and walla there they were on my asus pad how awsome is that??? It was easy to set up my e-mail accounts..I would recommend this to anybody that is in the market to get one..You won't be dissapointed...
asus-transformer|After two of these tablets (16GB and 32GB) I will never buy any of these model again. I didn't realize how great my Blackberry Playbook was until I had the first Asus tablet. The reason I purchased the TF300 was because the quad core processors and screen size. The first one (16GB)keeps freezing and browser force closes even after OS update. The second one started popping on the bottom right corner after less 9 days. The screen moves even with slight pressure especially when using it in portrait mode. Performance is also mixed. It is fast but there are times swiping response takes more than once. I tried this tablet for the second time because I really like it but if the build quality is this bad I will spend more money and get a different brand.
asus-transformer|I love this tablet! I think it's the best tablet for under $400. The interface is great, very fast and smooth. I got it to surf the net and review my emails without going to my computer ... saving me a lot of time. I sometimes wish I purchased the keyboard dock, but I'm doing good with the onscreen keyboard.
asus-transformer|I bought this to use on field trips (collecting data while flying Cessna single-engine and on foot in African field research) and am pretty impressed so far, after 6 weeks. I bought it with the keyboard dock.The only real issues I've faced are with OS and software (i.e. gMail and other apps crashing).Pros:* Good battery life, especially with the dock - 10+ hours alone, 16+ with dock. When you attach the dock, the battery in the tablet gets charged BY the dock, so you can detach it again later (great feature);* GPS works pretty very well, even indoors, though some apps seem to lose their connection to the GPS data from time to time.Cons:* A little flimsy in feeling compared to the Galaxy Tab;* Screen is very difficult to read outdoors in strong light;* Typing on the dock is compromised by random movements of the cursor to new text areas (overly sensitive touch pad).
asus-transformer|I got the tablet on time and also noticed how light it was compared to the previous models. Who cares if it doesn't feel all metallic....to be honest it way better that it has plastic cover and also has better grip than the other models. The only con (if you can call it a con) is that when it arrived I had to charge it before using it but other than that it runs smooth. The Tegra 3 video quality kicks ass. I've been playing multiple games and not a single glitch so far. I'm very pleased with my tablet and if you're doubting yourself you shouldn't because once you get it you're not going to want to put it down. This tablet is sick and makes the all iPad's look like a Leap Frog tablet lol!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
asus-transformer|I did a ton of research into which tablet to get and a month ago decided on the Asus tf300 and have not regretted it since. The battery life is fantastic, the screen resolution is brilliant, I love the expandable memory and the ability to store on their cloud. The thing that I was surprised by though is the camera. It takes fantastic pictures and has lots of fun features. I would not get the tablet/keyboard combo in place of a netbook or laptop though. The android operating system is not windows and many of the things you'd do on a PC are much more challenging on the tablet/keyboard pair.
asus-transformer|I have only had this tablet for 5 days and so far I love it. My wife has a 7 inch tablet and I was originally going to but this for her so she could read certain magazines on the tablet and needed ICS. She ended up giving it to me. The speed, design, feel, and screen quality with video and pictures are as described. Over all great product for the price.
asus-transformer|I've been using this tablet for about five weeks now. This is the second asus tablet I received from Amazon. The first had one had light bleed at the left and bottom of the panel, this one is not quite as bad. The light bleed is only on the bottom, I thought about sending it back, but was afraid of receiving one that was worseNow, on to the good. This thing is fast, enough ram, do not have to constantly kill background apps. I am really enjoying ICS, and custom asus apps. The android web browser still stalls and hangs, but that's an ICS fault I hope will be addressed. I had had a froyo tablet that had no such issues. Battery life is above average, usually lasting a day and a half with moderate use. Still waiting for the games to start showing up for it in the play storeAnother plus is the support and following this tablet is seeing at Xda forums already. That's always good thing!
asus-transformer|The Asus TF300 tablet is a great product. This tablet has great horsepower and a solid OS with ICS.Asus has also been very responsive with product updates and service patches as needed.Great product that has actually replaced my laptop!
asus-transformer|I love this tablet. It is nice and thin, light, and is easy to take everywhere. The processing is very fast and smooth.
asus-transformer|I bought this tablet a couple weeks ago, and it works beautifully, no problems so far, however when I check the size if the internal SD card it says 12.99 GB, what's going on here? Isn't this a 32GB tablet, that's one of the reasons I bought it in the first place. This is misrepresentation, I feel like i`ve been hoodwinked and that doesn't go down well with me. Amazon has some answering to do.
asus-transformer|My tf300 arrived on Wendnesday and everything has worked pretty smoothly. Upon charging and powering on the device, I noticed that there was a firmware upgrade waiting to be installed. I have not purchased the dock yet and I'm not sure that I need to at this point. Previously owned an Acer A500 (which is a solid device), but there is a noticeable performance boost with this tablet. 32GB storage and I have a 32 GB micro sd card. Only issue is that some of the Gameloft games will not work with the tegra 3 processor yet, but I am not a hardcore gamer. Some of the bad reviews may be due to the user having a lemon. It happens when things a mass produced. Some issues could be user error or lack of know how. The Google play store has several apps to replace some of the stock apps that you are not happy with. If the browser underperforms, I have found that Dolphin HD browser runs circles around the stock browser. Not to mention, using the XDA Developers site as a resource will allow you to bring out the best in your device without the need to make certain changes to your device that may void your warranty.
asus-transformer|The Transformer Pad 300 is a great product. It has the processor speed and memory to handle all my needs for entertainment and productivity. I have made good use of the HDMI output with great results. The 32GB has been plenty so far so I have not needed additional SD Card. In the two months of ownership it has shut down 4-5 times but that is normal for all tablets. The HDMI cable, external memory slot, adjustable processor use, and available system alterations are something that the iPad does not offer. The only negative I have found is the glare from lights and sunlight. The screen is still very visible when you turn up the brightness but the reflection and glare is still noticeable. It is a small trade-off for a great product at a bargain price. Wi-fi strength is great all the time and GPS works perfectly. I would highly recommend this to anyone seeking a reliable tablet that rivals the iPad for $100 dollars less.
asus-transformer|I love this tablet. I had the TF201 and it got stolen. The TF300 is excellent! It does not has IP+ but still it is pretty fair outdoor. Games, apps everything is very smooth. Recommend it! The price is grea
asus-transformer|After much research on many tablets I decided on this tablet. I am glad I did. I really love it.The display is beautiful. It's light,also you get 32GB flash storage, micro SD card slot and micro HDMI port,Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich OS.All for under $380.00. I had my heart set on an I pad until I seen the price of the 16g.This tablet offers so much more storage. Also (like the I pad)Front and rear cameras for face-to-face video chats and on-the-go video and picture capturing.
asus-transformer|This tablet is small, sleek, and powerful and is everything I imagined it would be. I love this device and woud definitely recommend it to others.
asus-transformer|Without any doubt, it's one of the best android tablet you can buy in 2012 (I bought it in May). It's awesome.If you're going to buy an Android Tab and you're not looking for the most expensive one but the best one, definitely ASUS TF300 is your choice.
asus-transformer|I have had the Asus transformer pad 300 for almost a month now, it works great for everthing a tablet is used for. It is quick to perform tasks and video play back is instant with very good picture quality. I have had very little problems with it although it does load some websites with a hiccup and asks to either wait or close browser. Gaming works great along with googles play apps. Overall very pleased.
asus-transformer|This is my first tablet and I am thrilled with it! I have an Iphone which I'm happy with but I wanted to try something different without shelling out the extra money. I use my Asus for light gaming, surfing, calendar...you know, normal people things. I'm not a droid techie and some complaints I've read about screen quality and speed are irrelevant to me. I have found nothing that hinders my enjoyment and I am very pleased with my purchase.
asus-transformer|Works like it should. Snappy & responsive, micro sd, micro hdmi, packaged software is okay, ICS is awesome, and you can't beat the price. Far exceeded my expectations.
asus-transformer|After checking out the iPad 1 at an Apple store when it came out, I have resisted the temptation to purchase a tablet until I bought this one. The main draw is the price point. For example, I have no issue with the screen resolution or brightness on this, but I can only imagine how awesome that Retina display must look on the iPad 3. However, I'm not going to spend the extra hundreds of dollars for it. I wanted an Android tablet rather than an Apple so it would be more open to file transfers; having to use iTunes or some cloud service to get personal files onto an iPad was a no-starter, The tablet seems very responsive overall; the only potential performance issues I have seen is using the Dolphin HD browser, however I'm not sure if it is the app, the network, ICS, the hardware, or the web site(s); I'm not considering it a negative issue of the tablet.Construction is solid; swirl pattern is fine alternative to a metal case; doesn't seem plasticky. No problems with WiFi, ICS came installed and there was an OTA update when I first started using it. No 3G/4G on this, so that can be limiting; honestly, though, I find 3G as annoying sometimes as it is convenient others.The only thing that gets this 4 stars instead of 5 is the power cable/connector. The connector on the tablet is non-standard (since it is where the keyboard docks). The cable does have a USB connector at the other end that plugs into an AC adapter, but the tablet would not charge from a computer USB port, nor from an iGo universal power charger that i have, so I need to carry around both the non-standard cable and the AC adapter, rather than being able to use the same Micro-USB cable I can use with all my other portable stuff.I did not buy the keyboard dock, so can't comment on that. The tablet I got seems black to me; if it is royal blue it is a very dark blue much darker than the pictures. maybe mine was just a dark batch though, or maybe the blue is more noticeable on the keyboard dock.You can check out a YouTube review such as the one from MobileTechReviews before you buy. Note that the glass on this is just standard glass, not Gorilla glass, so might need more care to avoid scratches or cracks.I read somewhere that the TF300 is actually a step between the TF200 (correcting some of its bugs) and ASUS's real competitor for the iPad 3 due out later this year. I'm happy with my purchase but if you want an Android tablet closer to all the iPad 3's specs you probably want to wait for that one.
asus-transformer|I have had my TF300 for a week now and I am very pleased with the purchase. What you get for the price is great. ICS and the Tegra 3 offer a smooth experience that is finally competitive with iOS.Pros: Price, performance, vanilla ICS, batteryCons: Outdoor reading could be better, screen is not gorilla glass so a screen protector is a must
asus-transformer|I had the Transformer Prime but returned it because of the GPS issues. This tablet (TF300) was cheaper than the Transformer Prime and I honestly cannot tell the difference. I absolutely love it and I am THRILLED with my purhcase. It's thin, it's not too heavy, it looks great, and has an 8MP rear camera with a quad-core processor. I couldn't ask for better specs.
asus-transformer|I received my TF300T from Amazon yesterday. All I can say is that I love it! Great screen. Very speedy compared to other tablets I have used. And the touch sensitivity of the screen is wonderful. This is the first tablet I've used that feels more like a computer as far as performance goes. I can't wait to get my keyboard dock.
asus-transformer|I was hesitant to buy my first tablet, but decided on this ASUS TF300. I am quite happy. I'm still learning Android, but this tablet has been totally reliable. There are several ASUS forums to find info on too. There is good customer service info and warranty support, but I have had no warranty issues so far. My only issue was that I couldn't get a copy of Adobe Flash on this, but I learned quickly that it wasn't an ASUS issue, but an Android one. But I was told to use the Dolphin browser when I wanted to view something with Flash, and it works! So the ASUS support team was helpful even though it was not a problem with their equipment. I believe I will stick with ASUS in the futureIn response to some of the comments in this review area, the plastic case is not an issue for me. I would have not known had I not read it here. And the screen is just as good as my friend's Toshiba screen with Gorilla glass. I put a Skque silicone case over this tablet, and it is well protected! It has survived a couple of drops without any problems so far!
asus-transformer|This is one of the best purchases I have ever made! Its lite,portable and super thin. The Audio sounds so crisp and clear, I put it up against my husband newly purchased IPad and it did not compare when is comes to the audio and the TF300 acutally reigned above in several areas. He's actually a little jealous... Thanks Asus!!
asus-transformer|I purchased 85 of these for my work. No better device for the money. Everyone is extremely happy with this device. Add the keyboard and you have a 15 hour battery and usb port!Highly recommended.
asus-transformer|Tablets in theory target a unique market segment somewhere between smartphones & notebooks, and many people have them as a kind of media-toy. If you're interested in buying a tablet for its advantages of size, weight and portability, you now have several alternatives to the default purchase of the IPAD including this ASUS 32gb TF300T.In an attempt to overcome the annoyance of using an on-screen keyboard, the ASUS has a detachable keyboard dock - a brilliant idea which mostly works well, but the disproportion in weight between the tablet & keyboard means some users might find it less than stable on a table top. If you're using it in a less formal setting (like lying on a sofa) it's OK.Battery life is very good particularly on the power-saving settings. This is important because the whole idea of a tablet is to use it like a phone, on the move away from a power source, so few people will ever use one connected to the mains. One caution: when first charging out-of-the-box, we couldn't get any life from it at all - not even a charging light, and it took some fiddling around to get it to finally accept charge. Since this initial problem charging has been trouble-free.The screen doesn't quite have the clear resolution of the IPAD but is very good and more than adequate for a 10.1-inch portable. You can connect multiple-USB devices like a laptop and have the usual big menu of free Android aps to choose from.pfd is fine but it won't do adobe flash player and won't run MS outlook programs, so you only have webmail. The browser is surprisingly good with a fast connection, video & in-built speaker acceptable though it won't fill a room with music.Overall I think the ASUS is a good alternative to a laptop if you want a device predominantly for web surfing, media & webmail. The detachable keyboard is a great innovation & removes the objection many people have had to the fiddly & frustrating onscreen keyboard of the IPAD. However:* It won't replace a Windows or Mac notebook for speed, or run business software like Sage, or Autocad, or even MS Office; but if a browser and media player is predominantly what you want, it's great* It's not that much cheaper (if at all) than a much more capable budget notebook* It's not that much lighter or more portable than a lightweight notebook either* On the other hand it's not as pocketable as a smartphoneOf course, in a couple of years the market will look different again & the tablet as we now know it may be obsolete, replaced with some device infinitely more capable with half the size and weight. For now, the ASUS is a good buy but not a great one, provided you can live with its limitations.
asus-transformer|I was looking for a great tablet at a great price and I found it in the Asus Transformer TF300. Before purchasing a tablet, I read the reviews on all the different tablets available and compared the Asus to the IPAD. I am very happy with my selection of the Asus tablet. I received this product as a Christmas gift. It is very user friendly and I look forward to learning more of its applications. I love the sound and the graphics on this tablet.
asus-transformer|Especially when bought in conjunction with the keyboard / battery dock,. Very fast processing running latest Android Jelly Bean out of the box. Fast graphics. Like night and day compared to the old 10&#34; Archos 101 tablet bought two years ago. Definitely provides more features and use than the iPad while still being cheaper. Only odd thing is Google Maps gets you spot on with the internal GPS, but the default weather app seems to always pick a city 200+ miles away. Cannot override the auto-pick except with a manual, forced city that then will not change as the tablets location changes. An oddity not likely a function of the tablet hardware or Asus.
asus-transformer|The mobile dock combined with the tablet can easily replace my laptop. I especially like the very long battery life,requiring few charges when in use.
asus-transformer|This tablet is very complete. The stability and speed are the best I've encountered so far. The quality of build is very good. Battery life is good &#62;6hrs. Nice to have GPS & compass too! Screen is clear, bright & colorful and viewing angles are good. Sound amplitude is very good from speaker.
asus-transformer|So far this is what was promised. The manual leaves everything to be desired (hense only 4 out of 5 stars). No problems with popup keyboard, the suggestion screen that shows up while typing is helpful. On screen keyboard is great for what it's made for quick typing not wordprocessing. No serious lockups requiring reset power off. The only real complaint I have is the same with all touchscreens fingerprints! They give you a cleaning cloth that does a good job. I had it about 1 month and I will update next year (2013).Update: The Asus sync doesn't work for me. I have all of my music on it and I went to play some of it at first I could not find it. It took me a while to figure out it had moved all of my music to a new folder on the transformer called mymusic to match my PC which it synced with when I turned it on in setup. It did what it was suppose to, but I didn't want it to. I turned it off and reloaded my music onto the SD card as music. I will leave it off unless I can find a way to select what and how it syncs. Other than that I think this thing is great for quick email checks, fun browsing, kindle reading, and Facebook.
asus-transformer|I bought the little tablet computer primarily for e-mail and browsing.But - after installing a few handy apps and discovering just how useful it is in so many places,it has become indispensable to me as my primary mobile device.
asus-transformer|Awesome tablet! Works great and carries all the needed programs that I use! The keyborad has the USB port and I recenly found a mini USB flash drive at best buy. Or Amamzon sells the adapter which is real nice too. The 32 gig memory is good enough for me as well as &#34;MY CLOUD &#34; file storage supported by ASUS. The only drawback is the camera is really only good outdoors (no flash). Got my tablet overnight via Fed Ex.
asus-transformer|Pros:o Fast: Quad-core Tegra 3. Not as fast as the TF201 or TF700, but plenty fast.o Android 4.1.1 available. (Jelly Bean)o Extra apps added by Asus:_ Tegra Zone 3D apps and games._ Asus Studio_ Dual battery monitor,_ SuperNote,_ Polaris Office,_ MyCloud, MyNet, MyLibraryo (Optional) Great keyboard with trackpad, extra battery,_ USB host, mini-HDMIo Great IPS display, bright and easily read from an angleo Reliable operation. I've had no freezes or hick-ups in_ the 2 weeks I've owned the unit.o Popular platform with many tips and tricks on the web.Cons:o Power connecter is 12V-15V. I can connect to a 5V USB source,_ but cannot charge from it. Some people say that the TF300_ will charge slowly from a USB-3 port, when the unit is_ powered down.o Proprietary data cable. Extra cables are readily_ available at Amazon.o Quality Control. About 40% of the reviews here are 3 stars_ or less. Most of those unhappy customers are having some_ kind of quality problem. This is where Amazon really_ shines. Buy from anyone else and you may have a hassle_ returning your unit. Amazon is amazing. Personally, I was_ in that 60% that are very happy with their unit.Dock: Despite the cost of the dock (~$100), it is still a bargain._ Compare that to the cost of a keyboard, usb adapter, hdmi_ adapter, and case. Plus, the dock is attractive and perfectly_ matched to your TF300. Go for it.Conclusion: Best purchase I've made in years. Fun, fun, fun!
asus-transformer|This is pretty much the most awesome tablet I've ever used. I've already gotten compliments on the screen resolution. I'm a college student, so I use this tablet everyday... It's great for pulling up powerpoints, taking notes, etc... The camera and sound quality is great. Everything about this tablet screams IPAD killer.
asus-transformer|Great product only one issue, Adobe Flash says it is not supporting this version of android OS which makes viewing certain web pages not possible.
asus-transformer|As this was a new model I waited to review - the tablet was great for the first two months - LOVED it! But after a couple of months the display started blinking off/on. So far I've sent it in to ASUS for repair twice (and going back for the third time today) - but they still haven't been able to fix it. This time I'm posting a video on YOUTUBE to show them what it's doing. Recommendation: from what I've experienced and have seen posted on other websites you may want to wait awhile before purchasing this model.
asus-transformer|+'s: Very powerful, I've never seen noticeable lag on mineGreat Battery Life, I've gotten 9+ hours while watching locally stored moviesWifi, Bluetooth and GPS all work flawlesslyGPS signal is locked in seconds, faster than some phones I've seen32GB Internal + Micro SD card slot supporting 64GB Cards!Wonderful screen, bright and crispMicro HDMI outputBuilt-In Apps aren't over the top or hard to useThe few changes Asus has made to stock Android are true improvements, not like other tablets.Should see plenty of future support from AsusBootloader can be unlocked (though I haven't done it)I like the textured back on itVery light (I can hold it up to read books with minimal strain on my wrists and arms)Charges very quickly for a 10" tablet.Unbeatable value for the $$!-'s: Screen isn't great in direct sunlight (though not many screens are so I didn't really count it against this tablet)Screen also has excess glare and is a fingerprint magnet, nothing a good screen protector can't fix though.Other Thoughts: I have owned and/or spent plenty of time with 10+ types of tablets. I'm happy to say that this is my preference on all of them except when a 10" screen is an issue.If I could get ALL of the options this tablet has in a 7" screen size, I would buy that one in a second. Until then, this is my tablet of choice.
asus-transformer|This product was great for the money. Fairly easy to set up. Works great with wifi connection. I would recommend it to all.
asus-transformer|This tablet works exceptionally well. After a few issues that needed corrected from the beginning after a factory reset and the update to Jelly Bean this tablet has worked perfectly. I can perform every task I need to using this tablet and would highly recommend it. This is the first tablet I have purchased so am not sure if it is standard or not, but this tablet does not have a USB port. You have to purchase the docking station in order to connect anything to this tablet through USB. That is kind of a drag because a USB port is a highly used type of connection that I will need to use a whole lot more than an hdmi port(connection that is included with the tablet). With the few small issues regarding the connection types set aside overall this tablet works flawlessly. I am a student and was having trouble managing all of my e-mails, assignments, etc. and this device has made this an effortless task for me.
asus-transformer|Bought item for my son. It does everything he wants pedfect.item is fast great resolution. Large screen great competition for iPad at half the price.
asus-transformer|Wow! Awesome tablet. I am a school teacher and I wanted something that I can use to carry around in the classroom to do grades. I also want to use it for netflix and internet browsing in bed. i dont have much experience with the other tablets other than the Ipad. The Ipad is super fast and responsive, but more expensive, non expandable memory, hardware needed for usb and hdmi, and Itunes is a nightmare.The Asus Transformer solves those issues. With the dock, it offers plenty of ports, memory card slot, it cost just right and just as fast as the ipad. The battery life is good. The real highlights is the build. Its sooooo thin and light. Its so perfect. The android store offers plenty of stuff to make this tablet so useful.The only downside is the screen. It seems nice and strong, but it smudges so bad. Im sure a screen protector would alleviate that, but until then.I lvoe this tablet and I am so happy I got it.It will get plenty of use and with the dock, it could eventually replace my pc laptop.
asus-transformer|I am loving the tablet. I have had for a week now.Went with this model because of the Primes metal back cover blocking wifi signals.Nvidia Tegra 3 mobile processor is lightning fast and the graphics are stunning.The browser seems to keep crashing but with just one click and it is back up with all tabs in place.Seems to be more software than hardware.Also when the battery goes dead then you try to start it after charging it seems to not want to turn on.But when it does come on, you forget about that with the ultra speed and sleekness.Keep up the great job ASUS.
asus-transformer|I actually should give this tablet a 5 star rating but, I have only had it a few days and haven't used everything on it yet. I had bought the Asus 100 about a month ago but it was refurbished. It stopped working after 10 days so I took it back. I really did like it and was sad that it stopped working. The guy at Comp USA told me that he really liked the Samsung 10" tablet so I thought I would try it. Was a very nice tablet BUT had a AWFUL CAMERA.!!! Some people don't care about that on their tablet but I do. I took it back and went back to the Asus.In the mean time they just came out with the Asus 300. It has a GREAT camera, easy to use features , for the same price it gives me 32GB. instead of the 16GB. the Samsung Galaxy had. So far I love the Asus Transformer 300. I also have a Apple I-Pad 1 that I do like, but it doesn't have flash or take pictures.
asus-transformer|I ordered this tablet to use primarily for presentations from a pulpit 75' from balcony projector. I was able to make conversion with Micro-HDMI to VGA cable. VGA works with 75 ft. cable to projector, but not well with the Kramer Presentation Switcher/Scaler. Its VGA input is distorted and loses color. Have to switch around it but then only gets 80% of projection screen. Still using it, but looking for answers. Otherwise tablet is great. Got keyboard and notebook case. Will make a good travel alternative to my 17" Dell Inspirion Laptop. This is my first Android tablet. Have been using a Kindle Fire for books and apps and was impressed with the automatic transfer of most to the ASUS tablet. May replace my use of the Kindle with it and give it to my wife if I can get a couple applications that didn't transfer. These are book apps that were purchased on the Kindle but that aren't recognized for access on other devices. I also have an htc G2 Android phone with T-Mobile. It is great to sync all my devices and my computer with the Cloud for transfering files.
asus-transformer|I recently purchased this tablet for my mother. It is really worth all the price. It is light to handle, screen visibility is reasonably well on the outdoors. Comes with Polaris Office installed which is cool. On the downside, the rear is cheap plastic and it would be really wise to use a back cover to avoid any damage. Overall, I am extremely satisfied with this quad-core tablet, at this price.
asus-transformer|I bought this as an experiment to change out my failing work laptop. I didn't expect it to work nearly as well as it does. I do a lot of .xls and .doc work on it, as well as keep up with all my online correspondence, and keep plans and specifications I need for work, all in an easy to to carry package. I work outside, dealing with all kinds of issues in a construction environment, and this has proved invaluable to myself and my colleagues out on the job. The extended battery life over that of my laptop has made those 12 hour work days more productive, without having to ration out my pc usage. With the keyboard dock, this can replace many users laptops with a more efficient work tool. Especially for those who need portability in their technology on the job.The only drawback I've come across, and would caution others against, is that you are limited to the apps available for the Android OS. i.e. if you need a windows or apple OS exclusive program, prepare to use a remote access app to use those apps back at a home/office pc. I recommend the teamviewer app. It's free and it works as advertised.Also, I use the app Foxfi with my Droid 3 to provide wifi for the device when not within a network.Feel good about purchasing this. It is a well made product, and stands up to the abuse of using many apps in a hectic environment.
asus-transformer|After reading hundreds of reviews on line about android tablets and then testing out several decent ones, I bought this Asus tablet. Have to say, it was a damn good purchase. Even my wife (a die hard apple fan) likes it better than her iPad.The Asus TF300 is fast, responsive and well laid out (ICS).
asus-transformer|I'm really loving the Transformer Pad. It's great for reading ebooks, web browsing, gaming, productivity apps, just about anything you can think of. I would wholeheartedly recommend this product to someone who's interested in a high quality tablet but doesn't want to spend $500 or more for something with less memory unless you break the bank and no built-in expandability (I'm looking at you, iPad).
asus-transformer|This is a great tablet! I spent a lot of time researching before buying this tablet, and it was very nearly exactly what I needed. Unfortunately, the two main business software applications I planned to use require a Windows OS. We found a really nice app that would do a fairly good job replacing Quicken, but we didn't want to have to start all over from scratch. The Asus itself is wonderful to use. True, the recharge cord could be a bit longer. We bought the keyboard to get the extra battery life, and it is good for that, but the keyboard itself does not work well unless it is on a perfectly flat, stable surface.
asus-transformer|I have had my tablet for 2 weeks and love it..... except a problem with the intermittent problem with lines on the left hand side of the screen. It does not seem to be a problem if you use the tablet for a short period of and reboot often. After a couple hours of use the screen sometimes flicker and the screen bounces up and down slightly. Not enough to keep you from using the tablet, only enough to irritate you. From what i have read on some of the forums it is a software issue and hopefully resolved soon. If you are looking to purchase one I would recommend checking out one of the forums to check the current status of the problem and solution.[...]I previously had an Acer A200 and liked the tablet, but returned it due to a problem with the microphone and upgraded to the Asus. The Asus TF300T has more to offer for the price difference if they can resolve this problem.
asus-transformer|Ok. First thing this is my first tablet I own myself but I have many friends who own I pads and Samsung Galaxies but I was just waiting until my laptop finally retired to get one. This being said I have LOTS of time to weigh the pros and cons of all the tablets.Firstly, this tablet is amazing and any person who knows or wants value will buy it.Secondly, lets get to the specifics. Unless you work on a construction site and will be in the sun the entire day with your tablet, this screen will be amazing for you. Fortunately I am not a constuction manager so I use my tablet like normal people and this screen is outstanding. I watch countless videos on this thing. As I sit right now in my home office I am streaming How I Met Your Mother. This brings me to my third point.The wifi is better than the Ipads I have used. I live in a small town and where I live we don't get the best wifi reception, however my tablet gets a solid signal at a much further range than does my friends tablets or their laptops. Some complain about the plastic back. But fellow humans.... this was done to improve the wifi reception. On the note I say mission accomplish!The look and feel is amazing and let me get to the value aspect of it. The specs of the machine are the best around right now, the quad core is bullet fast. I have had one restart the first day I got it and that was cause it wasn't properly charged and I was downloading apps like a crazy person. Since then the apps run perfect and Google Play is littered with amazing apps which is why I love it as compared to the Apple Store. The widgets give you variety and allow you to have your personality of sorts on the tablet.Additionally, this is a 32 GIGABYTE tablet. The new Apple tablet cost almost $700 for the 32 gig. I just asked a 7 year old whats the difference and he correctly answered that there is a $300 price difference for a comparable tablet! Brighter screen worth $300 more dollars when you will rarely use it outside?Accessory wise there arent as many for this tablet yet but I found a few great ones made by other companies. I have a neoprene sleve which fits perfectly. 16 gb sd card and drive and bought a stand today. I am yet to buy the docking station since I wanted to make sure the tablet was a keeper.Announcement: The tablet is a keeper.
asus-transformer|I am by no means an expert on computers or tablets but I picked this tablet for my needs, primarily Kindle, youtube pandora and light searching on the web. it's done everything I wanted.
asus-transformer|I want everyone to know this is a very nice tablet .I believe this is a much better tablet than the samsung2 10.1 inch. Also the screen is very clear. It has two stereo speakers build in side by side towards the bottom of the tablet on 1 side that's not covered when you sit the tablet down on a hard surface. Speakers are loud enough and sound quality is good and you can download an equalizer from the market to have the sound even better. Also this is a very nice looking tablet and the quality is very good I wish it had gorilla glass but the scratch resistant glass it's pretty good. I love this tablet so much I am thinking about buying an asus laptop, I currently own a hp windows 7 laptop. in closing I would like to say that I recommend this tablet. John
asus-transformer|How great is this thing? Tegra3 Quad-Core processor? Check. Great graphics? Check. Slim form factor? Check. Optional keyboard dock with it's own battery? Check. Sure, it doesn't have as bright and as vivid of graphics as the higher end tablets (IPad, etc...), but it's HUNDREDS cheaper than those products. For the price, this thing rocks!I watched John Carter from Mars on this tablet. A very enjoyable experience (I used the Jaybird Wireless Bluetooth earbuds for sound = AWESOME!). I'm reading the latest Stephen King book (The Wind through the Keyhole) and I've found reading books on a computer screen to actually be more enjoyable than with an actual book (I've been a staunch opponent of eBooks embedded with my own beliefs that nothing could replace the experience of actually having a book in your hands). I've played video games on this tablet (Osmosis, Angry Birds, etc...), and every app is smooth as can be.It delivers media to you instantly. It's WiFi is responsive. The Chrome browser supports tabs and incognito windows. There are widgets galore. What's NOT to like about this tablet? Sure, some may say the display isn't bright enough, or the plastic case makes it feel cheap... So what, sometimes you have to balance the good with the cheap, and the ASUS TF300-T has achieved a zen-like state of balance with their Transformer tablet.Nice job guys!
asus-transformer|What a great tablet, everything functions properly and smooth. I like that it comes with its own Nvidia app that shows all the tegra 3 games that are available and upcoming. This is certainly a tablet that benefits from the user being a thorough Google user meaning if you use Gmail, Google+, and more you'll get along just fine with this tablet. As with any device nowadays there are always meaningless apps included, but there are a few good ones you can take advantage of like the file management app or the app locker which allows you to set a password on selected apps. The performance of this tablet has yet to let me down and the three settings(battery saver, balanced and performance) set you up for just about any situation. Overall I've been quite pleased and going toe to toe with other tablets in the same price range and above has been fun. Definitely a tablet worthy of my investment.
asus-transformer|I simply love it. I had an iPad2 and I was so annoyed by the fact that i could not watch 99% of my videos on my home network from NAS or PC. Now everything works ok. I would never go back to Ipad.
asus-transformer|I love my new tablet. It's worth the price, it's so versatile. It's my 8MP camera, my MP3 player, my word processor, and my new gaming console. I love that it has Android, I already have a hundred apps and games on it and I've had it for a week. Also, what is really nice is if you have googleplay on your phone and set up this tablet with the same account, it'll automatically start downloading all of the same apps from your phone to your tablet, without anything needed from you. Definitely cut down on my downloading and set up time. Boot-up speed is really fast and the battery lasts me all day. I bought the detachable keyboard so I plan to use it as a laptop to take notes during the school year. So pleased!
asus-transformer|Just received this. Had it up and running very quickly. Have set it to run at work and home. accessing email and the internet are a breeze. Very intuitive learning environment. Easy to download apps, take pics, etc. Haven't used all the features yet, but love the size, convenience, easy to read screen, but light weight. It's a blast!
asus-transformer|This tablet has everything you can imagine and is very easy to use!! With Google Play you have tons of apps to download same as Apple store and the fact that this tablet has built in 32 GB memory and a micro SD card it gives you UNLIMITED storage!! The one thing i can say is a little off is the low volume when using headphones but i have recently ordered a noise canceling headphone to see if it will help drown out any outside noise and make sound quality better.Would recommend this to anyone looking for a tablet at a great price!!!!
asus-transformer|I've been comtemplating getting an Android-based tablet for almost a year. I also needed a new computer. The Asus Transformer can be everything I need... a tablet and (with the optional keyboard docking station) a small laptop. I use it both at work and at home. It fits the bill for both. At work, it has increased my productivity. I'm not a techie at all, so I'm sure this apparatus has capabilities that I haven't even discovered. I haven't had problems at all with the applications, Wi-fi, or other functions. I have an Android-based phone, so this was easy to use right out of the box. I do recommend the docking station.
asus-transformer|I waited to review as i have had experience with Android products that start out well then peter out as time goes by. I had a Viewsonic G Tablet that i had flashed with various versions of android with good and bad results but got tired of having to support my own device. After much research I landed on this Asus TF 300 with the keyboard/doc. I have now had this over two weeks and I have to admit this meets every need I have...and I have a lot. I use this product for business and pleasure. At work I use it with multiple cloud based solutions for sharing files, note taking, etc...I also RDP into Terminal servers using various products and join webinars on a regular basis. I experiment all the time with new apps to increase efficiency and all perform incredibly on the TF300. At hom, e, I play games (including Flash...wink,wink), watch movies, Facebook, YouTube, browse the web, and anything else you can do with a tablet.. All in all, I work my tablets hard and this device hasn't broken a sweat or run out of battery. I read reviews about slow browsing which I think is somewhat inherent in Android 4.0 as I learned during my 'flashing' days and was ready to return this product and go with an iPad if performance was similar to my other tablet. Apparently Asus has released a few updates prior and one since I owned but frankly, never noticed any browsing issues since i owned it. Nothing but power and speed. Now don't get me wrong...Android is Android and the occasional force stop message and the need to reboot once in a while to 'clear it's head' are to be expected...but frankly since iOS 5, I don't know that my iPhone 4 fares all that much better. BUT, Android does allow for so much more customization, storage options, a browseable file system, and a huge array of useful widgets that make me a fan. And don't even get me started on what value the keyboard/doc brings to anyone wanting to use this as a business device. I can carry this with me from meeting to meeting and continue to easily stay productive. It may not be a MacBook Air, but for half the price, this allows me to be just as productive. The keyboard included a track pad for a mouse cursor and has a USB port if you wanted to connect a physical mouse and adds 5 hours of battery life on top of it. If you are looking to take the tablet plunge...you are not going to get more for your money than the TF300.
asus-transformer|The screen is cracks way to easy. Only had it 40 days and it cracked from simple use. Sounds like this is not an isolated event.
asus-transformer|We had to return this unit four times. We have requested that they replace the product because it is defective but they insist that we return the device to be repaired. You think that after four times, they would consider this unit defective. The horrible thing about this is that two of the four times, the unit was never fixed. We would get it via Fedex, open the box, charge the unit and it just wouldn't turn on. The product was great when it worked but it has only worked 25% of the time that we had it in our possession.Bought this unit for my daughter for college so she could buy her books on Kindle. She has not been able to use it for college. Maybe we should have just gone with the Kindle. Amazon should really rethink having this tablet available on their website.We will update this when we get it back from the fourth time.Here are our RMA numbers to prove this bad review.USG72B4965USG72C2691USG732C186USA1340370
asus-transformer|The power cord plugin is at the bottom and it's not convenient when working. Performance is pretty good as I expected.
asus-transformer|I love this tablet for its ease of use and for its ample storage space(32GB). The first thing I would say to anyone who purchases this tablet is, don't download Jelly Bean 4.2. Launcher. If you do, you will no longer be able to use Adobe Flash Player because the 4.2 won't support it. After I initially downloaded the 4.2, being prompted to, shortly after turning on the tablet, not aware of the repercusions, I later had to restore the tablet to its original factory settings. By doing so, it reset the browser to Jelly Bean 4.1 and I was able to use Adobe Flash Player by downloading the 11.1 version and checking the Request desktop site box in the dropdown settings menu. Also, don't use Google Chrome, as it will not support Adobe Flash Player on the tablet. Despite these glitches, I prefer this tablet over my Dell Inspiron 1525 and would highly recommend it to everyone.
asus-transformer|I was in the market for a tablet for six months before I decided on purchasing this tablet. The keyboard dock option appealed to me and after a few months of deliberation, I purchased this tablet.I own a Galaxy S3 and my sister owns an iPad, which I used to use on a regular basis. I'm not the biggest Apple fan, but I do believe that they have the smoothest tablet out right now. With that being said, the TF300 is still an excellent buy. The functionality of the transformer is mind-blowing. It functions perfectly as a media playback device, gaming device, or "just sitting on the couch surfing the internet" device.Video PlaybackThe video quality on this device is amazing. I use the HDMI output to view movies/YouTube videos on my 1080p television and they run flawlessly in HD quality.GamesThis device functions as an excellent gaming device. I've tried several games: the basics (words with friends, angry birds, etc), the graphic intense (THD games: Sonic 4 and Shadowrun), and emulators (N64, SNES). I have yet to run into a hitch. All these games run lag-free. I've also used the USB port to play games with my XBox controller. Coupled with the HDMI output, this makes the device unstoppable.BrowserOut of the box, the stock browser had a slight lag. Chrome and Dolphin weren't much better. However, once I "modified" it, the browser runs perfect. I would say it's a millisecond slower than my sister's iPad 3 or my Galaxy S3.Build QualityPersonally, I was pleasantly surprised by the build quality. It did not have the nice metallic build that most tablets have these days, but it still feels good in my hands. I don't think it would survive a fall though.FeaturesThis is where the TF300 shines. Great specs, HDMI output, micro-SD slot, USB & SD-slot (with the dock). You get a powerful, feature-heavy tablet for a great price.Battery LifeAmazing. I can get about 15 hours out of this tablet (with the dock). I use this tablet every day, and usually only have to charge twice a week.DisplayStatistically, it doesn't have the best display, nor does it have Gorilla Glass. However, it still an excellent display and I couldn't tell the difference between my sister's iPad's Retina Display until I looked really closely. However, it is a fingerprint magnet.Concerns-slightly laggy browser (not really that bad, to be honest)-screen is a fingerprint magnet (can be fixed with a good screen protector)-tablet is "top-heavy" when docked (this doesn't bother me at all, to be honest)Final Comments:If you want the best tablet available, I wouldn't advise purchasing this tablet. There are better, smoother, faster, better-looking tablets out there (they are also more expensive). However, if you want an excellent tablet, intend on using a tablet for more than just browsing the internet, aren't too concerned with looks, and want a powerful, feature-heavy machine at a great price, then this is the tablet for you. Personally, I would choose this over the iPad any day and I don't feel the Transformer Infinity is worth the extra premium.
asus-transformer|I bought this one as a birthday present for my boyfriend. He was a very upset apple user before, had too much problem with his i-phone etc. Loved this one.The screen is amazing, the resolution is so much better than I expected. Also, I apparently did not read it well, but had the HDMI connection available too.If you consider buying and Android tablet, I can recommend it.
asus-transformer|This is supposed to be a top tier tablet able to compete with the new iPad. It does. Unless you're absolutely enslaved to Apple, you need to consider this product. ASUS has a more expensive tablet with a more durable case (metal), but it is basically a ruggedized version of this model.
asus-transformer|Actually writing this quick review on the tablet. I have used the iPad and feel this is just as good if not better. Screen is plenty beautiful. Response is quick. Tegra 3 is FAST! Wifi is great. Netflix....awesome. Came pre-loaded with jellybean 4.1.1. Not bad...all reviews said icecream sandwich. I'm ahead of the game right out of the box. I can get Adobe Flash working. Apps? Just fine. IPad has more? No biggie. How many apps can one human possibly use anyway? Googleplay has enough for the likes of me. I don't feel one bit put out that it isn't an iPad. Why? I feel I'm getting more bang for my buck. While Apple has better marketing, the ASUS stands on its own. More people should know about this tablet. I got the $12 Poetic case and Boxwave fibermesh capacitive stylus. Very happy. Kids are also thrilled. Other reviews are more detailed, but I just wanted to give ASUS the kudos they deserve. This should be a big contender.
asus-transformer|Great tablet ...forget what other people saying... this is by far a great tablet....the best I've ever owned, you can't go wrong with this tablet for this price
asus-transformer|When I decided I wanted to get myself a tablet it was after much thought - I don't really need a tablet, its a nice thing to have around, especially on the coffee table. It makes life just a little bit easier. It is not a must-have product, I could live without it... but it's nice to have around - for short, its a luxury product, not a necessity.With all that in mind i decided:1) no to buying an iPad as its too expensive.2) no to buying the cheapest tablet as I still want a recognizable brand with good feedbackAfter reading some reviews here and on other sites I decided to go for the Asus TF300, not the latest, not the greatest but with a good track record, good reviews and a good price.I have to say - I have not been disappointed with my choice. Its a good tablet with good performance and it can even take 2-3 hours of being constantly played on by my nephews and niece.Why 4 out of 5 stars - because it could be a little bit quicker I think and because I got it with some apps which I have no idea why they are there. Also, sometimes the swype keyboard doesn't respond too well.Still - recommended as a good medium tier tablet.
asus-transformer|The main reason I purchased this tablet was because I loved my Android smartphone (Samsung Epic Touch 4G) and wanted the same experience (without the phone) on a bigger screen. I have about a dozen apps, and most often use Gmail, Browser, WSJ, Facebook, and some kids games. My smartphone runs these great, so I was really looking forward to the bigger screen and more powerful processor.So, whether it is fair or not, I will compare this to my smartphone, in the hopes that it might help someone else. I have been waiting to pull the trigger on a new Android tablet for some time. Based on the reviews, this seems like a great product at a good price point.Unlike many other reviewers, I am very satisfied with both the build quality and the display. While it does feel a little "plasticky", all of the buttons and physical plugs have a solid feel. The display is great for everything that I need, although I almost always leave it on full brightness. Personally, I do not feel that the higher-end displays are worth the additional price yet. I also am very happy with the new ICS interface. Many of the new features (you can read about elsewhere) are well worth the upgrade.Performance-wise, this thing is a dog compared to my smartphone. The included browser is frustratingly slow. Pages take 3-6 seconds to load. After they load, they do not respond to scrolling or touch input for a few more seconds. I tried the Chrome Browser and it wasn't much better. In many apps, I frequently get a totally non-responsive screen, followed by the notice "[whatever app] is not responding. Would you like to close it [Wait or OK]? I click Wait, and eventually they come back. Crashing: Both Gmail and the Browser have crashed about 6-10 times in the first week, requiring me to restart the tablet to get them working again.APPS: (These are not the fault of the device, but still affect my experience). After setting up the device, I downloaded the same dozen or so apps that I had purchased for my smartphone. Be aware that the apps that get downloaded to this tablet are not the same as those that get loaded onto a smartphone. In theory, this is a good thing, because the apps have been specifically designed for the tablet. For example, the WSJ app is much fancier (similar to the iPad app version). However, performance and lag make it unbearable to use, compared to the version on my smartphone.In short, the performance and lag of this tablet is so bad, I almost always pull out my smartphone to check something on the web or read the news, or perform a search. I am really not sure what to do with this tablet now. I might wait to see if there is some kind of software upgrade, or just let my kids use it for games.For someone who loves his android smartphone, and was looking forward to better things on a big screen, this is a huge disappointment.
asus-transformer|This tablet was great ... for a month, then the touch screen became unresponsive for no apparent reason. It was never dropped, never left in a hot car, I took very good care of it, then the screen stopped working. I tried to get help with it, and Asus's response was to try a cold restart, and a data wipe, neither of which worked. I am very disappointed and feel like I deserved a lot better for having spent $400 on it. Now a month later, I'm left with a dead tablet, unless (of course) I want to buy the $150 keyboard attachment, to which I say "no thanks, I already have a laptop." So, like the title of my review says, this will be my last Asus purchase.
asus-transformer|Well just receive my transformer, the build... well not going to compare to Prime... but well pretty solid, solid plastic. I counter some little issue when i open and start to set up, little lag, but after the latest update, yeah, still have update... it goes pretty well. Can't tell how stable it is, but for now, it is a pretty solid 5. i will update the review later on. BTW, no wifi issue, even better then my laptop, when it is downloading is fast.So now i have run several intensive program and games over it, no problem... no overheating... cough*unlike *cough* ipad 3*cough... anyway...ok, the screen resolution may not be as good as prime but, it is more responsive than prime... thumb up.Run through Antutu Benchmark... just a little under the prime... just tiny little bit.The issue, i won't say it is a issue, but some one will say it is a issue later, is when i start to charge it, the right corner get warm, a little bit to warm. However, i don't think anyone should freak out, because, it is law of physics. It is plastic, a bad heat conductor. Metal on the other hand can distribute the heat through the backpanel, thus the heat is easier to escape and we won't feel the heat, because the temperature won't be rise up concentrated on one point. So in my opinion it is not a big deal, not at all, don't worry about overheating, because it is not, it is just the nature of plastic.Ok, go back to pro... because it is 1GB DDR3, when you zoom in the picture store in the pad, it is quicker than prime. so i think it is still a 5 star.Oh, btw, i just wanna add something, so far so great, i love it even more and the issue is still no screen protector coming out!!!, I know prime's protector would be almost the same just not sure. Well...Oh, one more, the description on the Pad 300 about the CPU, well technically, it 1.5GHz, since they say Prime's CPU is 1.6GHz. Well just sayingok... now it is downgrade to 3 stars. The reason, the screen is not good... after over 2 and half hours continues usage... and screen start flickering... these means it cannot handle a long time job. On the other hand, first time i hold this tablet doesn't feel it is cheap, but the longer i get, the cheaper i could sense. This is not a tablet can last about 3-4 years, even the processor would be. So if you wanna change a tablet quickly, like in 1 or 2 years, this is a great choice, but for me, i need a more durable and a more durable tablet that can last over 3-4 years for my use on the go. So sorry ASUS, 3 star. I am returning it.(BTW, i don't really care about the whatever, color vibrate... or any fancy expectation, i just want it to be dependable, and can handle some little heavy jobs. The hardware is really annoying after a week of use.It is so cheap.)
asus-transformer|Did not get this from Amazon. Was going to but fell into a great Christmas deal, so...I did A LOT of research before greeting this tablet, and I think it paid off.PROS:Has a micro hdmi input. With a hdmi A to hdmi B cable I can watch video stored on the tablet or stream video through the tablet ( wireless) to any TV.Has a microSD slot. No USB slot, but don't need one. Have several different ways of getting data on/off the SD card if needed. I can use Bluetooth if I want to attach another input device.Screen resolution is what I wanted/ expected. I'm not a heavy gamer, and don't use the tablet for drawing fine art. We use it to watch movies, surf the web and "mobile" computing. We think the resolution is very good.Battery life is very good, from our experience. We can play for hours on this thing before it needs a charge.CONS:None, but will address what others have brought up.Have had the charger/tablet get warm after multiple charging sequences (plugging/unplugging/plugging the charger without letting the tablet fully charge). We don't use the tablet while it's charging. And when I say warm I'm talking lukewarm, in no way hot.I did have the power button bug out once, but a reboot ( down volume and power button at the same time, then the up volume after the screen starts) fixed that problem.Sound is lower volume, and the speakers are tablet speakers. In no way did we expect to be getting a great sound system. Sound is acceptable through the speakers and quite good through earbuds.This is our first tablet so I have nothing to compare the TF300 to, but we're extremely happy with it. I've used a lot of Asus hardware over the years, and have faith that this tablet will hold up. Actually just got the latest JB update :-) Haven't had a chance to look into rooting it, but I have no problems with Asus' branding. Overall I don't think we could have done better for the same price with another tablet. I would definitely buy again, at Amazon's price.FYI, was thinking about picking up the docking keyboard right after we got the tablet, but now I'm not sure that we'd get the use out of it. Having too much fun with gesture typing ("swiping").
asus-transformer|I have been shopping for a laptop for a while but after seeing my friend with his this tablet I was sold almost instantly and I went and bought it on here the same day. This thing is a one stop shop. It has all the apps fast browsing and the speakers are louder than a laptop...did I mention is was a touch screen. I also purchased the keyboard that can along with it that allows me to have an extra battery source that charges my tablet. Simply on of the best products out there...no complaints. Packaged came tightly secured and brand new working condition...very happy
asus-transformer|Was not expecting this for Christmas and I just LOVE the tablet!! Husband and sons are electronic freeks and they check out everything before purchasing so I know this is the best one possible!Thanks!
asus-transformer|There are definitely issues with this product and it's wifi card, but they present themselves quickly and Amazon exchanges are a breeze. ASUS support staff is hit or miss, but the replacement unit is excellent and has no issues. I would certainly give this product 5 stars based on the second unit, but the fact that an obvious quality control issue is present in these models is a big problem, especially if this product is intended as a gift. I would buy another for myself, but I would not do so without doing the setup and using it for a week myself to determine if the problem exists on the particular model shipped.Again, 5 star product with 1 star quality control and 5 star Amazon return service.
asus-transformer|We heard the good reviews about the Google nexus, which we liked, but my wife wanted something bigger and that was independent for ability to download books at the best price from whichever store. Asus makes the Nexus, so we just got the bigger version made by the same company and have been happy. It was loaded with the Google play store and she added Amazon Kindle and have had no issues.Good picture, fast response. 32G for price of a lot of other 16G tablets. Also highly rated on CNET. Have no reservations about recommending this tablet
asus-transformer|I sold my ipad when i got this. The android OS is a little more hands on. But its nice to be able to down load my pics and music to a sd card and put it right on the ASUS tablet. No itunes, no accounts need to be made. No credit card in the Apple data base to be hacked. I have the control.The asus tablet is fast and smart. I have a friend that has the tf101. It is the same size and dimentions. He has dropped it numerous times and its never broke so its strong and sturdy. I'm done with apple products FOREVER!!! Go ASUS and Android!!!
asus-transformer|Hubby has an IPad and I can't imagine paying that much more for a tablet. This ASUS exceeded my expectations. Links up to my wi-fi with no problems and the picture is as great as the day I took it out of the box. I use this to stream my netflix to my TV. I was paying through the nose for satellite service and this has more than paid for itself. Still charges quickly and has amazing battery life. Just thought that it would be nice to hear a review of this product after 6 months of use. The camera is awesome and has captured some great photos.
asus-transformer|Right now I am having problems with my tablet staying on, and the browser closing on me, and when I shut it down it seem to be back on. hummm!! Changed the setting for timing out but it still just does what it wants. Kinda wierd when you want to go and touch the screen and it just closes before you get there. This concern is really frustrating me, so I will give it a few more days and then I will exchange for another one. I read all the reviews of other customers, and seen that some are having the same concens, if not more. I have learned soooo much from all the reviews and resolved issues also. Youtube has been a wonderful place to go to understand a lot about the tablet. Like some have said the instrucitons are not really robust. I purchased this on the reviews on Amazon and from Cnet, and other sites that I have visited. Was looking at Acer but for the cost and for memory this one was it. I do belive that this is a good tablet, I just think that I got one that is not built quite right. I will play with it more in a few days to see if anything changes with it. Love the keyboard, and all the functions that go with it. So, If I have to return the tablet, I will give a update and maybe bump those stars to the clouds!!!!! I just got this tablet before Thanksgiving. The Poetic leather keyboard case that I got from Amazon is a nice case, makes everything user friendly!!UPDATE: Will be returning this one. This one has a quality concern. Turned on the Asus this weeked and came on real slow, then when everything came up, I seen that it stated that I was charging at 82%. I didn't have anything plugged into it. Gave it a last run for the money but will exchange for a new one. Will give another update when I get the new one.Hope the new one is better, if not I will not be buying Asus anymore, even if the ratings are great. Just the experience of dealing with something that doesn't work the first time is very disappointing. Some things you can just live with but not this. Taking a star away until I get the new one.Updated 2/17/13Well like I said, I would come back and give another review of the ASUS. It's in and it is a keeper. Got it back the beginning of January. I liked the tablet since day one, but just got a bad one. They were happy to exchange it, which I really thought I was going to have problems with this, but didn't. It's fast, smooth and very responsive, to my touch. Have gotten all my updates, and running like butter. Wi-Fi has been great and it tethers absolutely great from my phone when I am not in Wi-Fi reach. Really love it for this, so I can take it anywhere, and connect to the internet. If you do get this make sure you get the dock and the case for it. It will make it look, good and protect it also. You will get rid of the top heavy concern. My friends are really impressed with what I can do with this, and so am I. This will be a journey with this tablet and I hope it last me for awhile until the next best thing comes along, but until then I will roll with this one. Raised the review stars, because of my satified experience with the product. Oh, one more thing, I do believe they had a major quality issue get out, but just didn't catch it in time. They took the blow but will recover, by making the product better. Tighten down on the Quality Control ASUS. Many people like your product and the price range.
asus-transformer|As I am writing this review, my TF300 is running 4.1 jelly beam and not ice cream sandwich. So the quick review for this product is it is a very solid tablet, that for the speed, memory, and screen is well worth the buy. So to go over some of the the real life facts that might change some peoples opinion on if they should get this table or not. First off, this is a fast tablet. Running on normal mode (you have power saver, normal, and performance), this tablets takes on everyday tasks and even some very intensive games like a champ. The screen is also beautiful enough to truly show off to friends and family, and combined with the speed can already get some auto buys from some people. The memory is 32gb, which is more then enough for most people. Some minor downsides include no flash on the back camera (taking pictures can become difficult because of this), a battery life that only lasted between 6-8 hrs, a badly placed speaker that gets muffled if the table is on its back, and no expandable memory. Of course though, all of those downsides are not too terrible and most of them can be worked around. Taking into account that this is a quaid-core tablet that is sub 400$, this tablet has earned my everyday use and I would highly recommend it.
asus-transformer|This tablet, along with the Transformer Prime have horrible GPS lock issues. Now, you can register with ASUS and get a FREE GPS dongle, problem with this? It adds a serious lump to your otherwise slick tablet, and you HAVE to claim this before you use the ASUS unlock tool on your tablet, because if you use that tool, the user agreement exempts them from any all faulty hardware or software. Like the tablet didn't have issues before you unlocked it.I don't believe a company should screw their customers like that.
asus-transformer|I've never written a review before but I wanted everyone to know what a great tablet this is. Just bought this a week ago and was originally looking at the Ipad 3 but thought i'd try this one first because for a hundred dollars less than the Ipad 3 basic model, I was getting twice the storage space at 32gb vs 16gb, with the capability of expanding even farther with an SD card. Has a usb port which i quite surprisingly found out i can use my xbox 360 wired controller to play android games, pretty simply, just plug and play. Not even the sales people knew it would do that. The graphics are awesome too. I purchased the keyboard as well, and i'm amazed at how long the battery lasts. I can play around on this thing for hours and don't have to worry about the battery one bit. This probably isnt the most technical review, but i truely believe this tablet is worth looking at. I have found nothing at all to complain about. Unless you want to buy an Apple product just because of the popularity, then go ahead, but i'm sure compared side by side i believe the Asus Transformer would kick butt.
asus-transformer|I purchased Transformer tf300 a week ago and immediately noticed it had battery life issue. Running on balanced power mode and at 25% brightness, it was running only 5-6 hours.Returning and getting the replacement unit was very easy with Amazon. Initially, I contacted ASUS to ask whether the real-life battery time I am getting is reasonable or if I have a defective unit. Tech. support is essentially useless. They have very poor knowledge on the product they are servicing and lacking even common knowledge on electronics. Example: one tech support insisted that 10 hours of battery life advertised is the 'stand-by' time as in the cell phone, and 5-6 hours of usable battery time is normal, which makes absolutely no sense. ASUS does not seem to educate their tech support properly.Now I have new replacement unit and the battery life is much longer 7-8 hours under the same condition, although it is still shorter than what they advertise. But I noticed the replacement has a different issue: a gap along the bezzel on the left side of the screen near the volume button. It's wide enough to notice easily. I don't want to rely on my luck to receive properly functioning tablet with no defects. ASUS definitely needs better quality control.
asus-transformer|Finally got a replacement unit. This has completely resolved the resets issue.There is still a minor issue with the docking station (keyboard) to tablet connection.The connection is not too reliable, and the tablet may disconnect from SD plugged into docking station rather easily.Nevertheless since its a minor issue I increased my rating to 5 stars.Previous review:This is a great product with questionable reliability.I got my tf300 four days ago. From day 1 I noticed peculiar freezes and unit reboots. The reboots may occur while surfing the web, in the settings screen, or in any other app. The reboots were especially frequent when I tried to download data via USB from my desktop to the tf300 (after installing ASUS sync application on the desktop still got reboots).Initially I thought it might be a firmware or android problem, however they were both up to date (As of 16'th June). Then I was told by customer service to try factory reset, which did not help at all. Currently I'm trying to return or replace the unit at the local dealer but even this is difficult.Its a shame that Asus debugs its product and production line on the backs of their customers. The tf300 price advantage was diminished for me due to the time I wasted on trying to make it work.
asus-transformer|Have had a Viewsonic Gtab for about 2 years and it has taken several hits, and is still going.. Bought this Tablet from Fry's electronics and it is sooooo much better in every way.. Software, features, speed, screen, weight, thickness.. But damned if the thing can't take a hit.. Fours days old and BAMM!! the party's over - I'm back to the old Gtab.. Now I get to try out my virgin AMEX Purchase Protection Program; 90 days from purchase against accidental damage and theft (looks like it will be covered).. Anyway - "they" say that this newer style unit with the plastic back is supposed to remedy the WiFi and GPS reception issues; gotta weigh that against its ability to take a hit - or at least get some type of softshell protection because it is thin and fragile..***EDIT*** - 1/27/2013: This is nice Technology, BUT!! Make sure you buy the insurance.. Some sort of Drop coverage.. Cover yourself like I did.. You WILL experience a drop; It's not a matter of IF, but rather, only a matter of WHEN. And this thing has abysmal chances of coming through it intact. If not for this - I would have totally given it five stars.
asus-transformer|Pros- Affordable Android tablet- Good overall performanceCons- Unique/proprietary charging requirements- Possible issues with screen popping outJust wanted to share my findings briefly. I've had this tablet for a month, and it has satisfied my needs in almost every way.However, I discovered that the wall wart to charge this table outputs 15V rather than the 5V the iPad charger has, and the same 5V you get from a computer's USB slot. This means that you cannot effectively charge this tablet via any method except the wall wart, and I imagine you shouldn't use the wall wart with any other device. I imagine the reason for the 15V is either a hardware requirement or possibly a proprietary requirement. If anyone has more experience in electricity, please send me a notice so I can update this review with more detailed information.Second, I heard that it can be easy to pop the screen out of this unit if you twist the unit enough, so keep that in mind. This may be a side effect of the less expensive construction.Having said all that, I have been very satisfied with the device.
asus-transformer|I recently bought this product and I'm loving it. After extensive research, I decided that this was the tablet for me. It really is the best deal for the price. I was torn between this tablet and the Samsung Galaxy 2 Tab. Sure, the Samsung tab has a phenomenal screen, but it is only dual core. For me, speed won over screen resolution. After doing all of my research, I went in to Best Buy and talked with the sales associate in the tablet section. He agreed that this Asus tablet is the best value out there for top of the line tablets. He said he actually owns the older version of my tablet and has had it for about a year and still loves it.I would highly recommend this tablet to anyone in the market for a speedy, top of the line tablet.
asus-transformer|Got this tablet a week back. Screen tearing started occurring within a couple of days. Somewhat related to the keys on the left side bottom. Restarting the device fixed the problem temporarily. Maybe I just got a lemon but ASUS you need to get your act together. I really want to love this device because it worked perfectly at other times. Really fast responses, a couple of app crashed here and there. And there really is no dearth of tablet specific apps on Android, that's just a myth now.I have returned my device as of now but will be ordering another soon.
asus-transformer|Just as the title indicates, my tablet is DOA. I first push/hold the power button as the manual mentions, but nothing happen. Then I plug it in to charge, and try to turn it on again, still no luck. Based on some other reviews here, I know that mine is DOA.The reason I still give it a 3 stars solely because the service the Amazon provides. The shipping is lightening fast and replacement is already in process. Even though it is a bit disappointed of not be able to play with my first tablet, things happen and Amazon makes it so that I don't feel worse.I have heard that many others have the same problem of DOA with this tablet. This only decrease my perception toward Asus brand image. Hope the replacement wont be a disappointment as well.Will update my input when I get the chance to play with the tablet.----Update 05/12--------Turn out, it was my terrible mistake to quickly jump into the conclusion that the tablet is DOA. After leaving it on charging for 30 minutes, the tablet boost up without any problem. So I think that if you think that your unit is DOA, try to keep it charge for 30mins then try power it on again. I think that with all the problems that I have read on the internet, it makes me become too fast to think that it is defected without even give it a shot.First impression, just as many other reviews, it is light, and a bit small from what I thought. Keep in mind, this is my first tablet, ever, so my thoughts were based on the pictures I have seen. The plastic feel on the back is good and I have no problem with it.The only negative comments I have so far is the fingerprint magnet of the screen and the charging port on the tablet give you a feeling that it would break easily. When the port is plugged in, it feels very loose and I hope it won't break accidentally too soon.----Update 05/22--------3 days later from when I discovered my mistake of DOA, I found out that the tablet produces some clicking sounds when I use my fingers to slightly press the bottom (where the connector is). So I contacted Amazon and replace it with another one.2 days later, my screen (left side) started to flick as many others in the Transformer's forum indicate. However, I researched and found out that it is due to firmware, not hardware. I soon received an update from Asus and the screen has not flick ever since.My only draw back, so far, is the lack of its accessory. I ordered a anti-screen protector from a seller on Amazon. Despite the description say that it's custom made for TF300, it's not. It's for TF201, the Prime. But the seller admitted it and give me refund. Just need to wait for another while until I can fully suite up my Droid-transformer. Still LOVE the tablet though.
asus-transformer|The Asus 300 is terrific. The screen is bright and the operating system is quick. Yet, there was one issue that was mystifying. After using the tablet for a few hours, following the initial battery charging, bright flashes of light suddenly streaked across the screen and continued until the tablet was turned off. I tried several things, but nothing stopped this from happening. The flashes made the screen virtually unusable. The device has been used again and the streaking has not reoccurred. A weird singular random act or . . . ?My purchase came with the keyboard and mouse. It is a neat added value and, with the case closed, it provides protection.So far, so good.
asus-transformer|In some respects the Asus Transformer TF300 bests the Asus Transformer Prime. While the TF300 is more humble in its appearance, it is easier to grip. Ripples on the back make gripping easier. I found the Prime too prone to slip from my grip. The Wi-Fi (as many have noted) is stronger in the TF300 than in the Prime. The screen (again as many have noted) is less crisp and images appear a bit more grainy than in the Prime. But the visuals are really quite decent on the TF300. I also found my TF300 defect free. The Prime that I returned to Amazon made a clicking noise when in grabbed it on the side below the audio port--a symptom I believe of a loose screen. Kudos to Amazon for its competent and fair return policy for the Prime. For the money, I believe that TF300 is a better deal than the Prime.
asus-transformer|The advanced technology now available is this form factor is amazing.Our laptops are getting used less as the convenience of this tablet is amazing.Proficiency was very easily mastered and the quality is really beyond our expectations for internet video and web browsing.Just a top notch product and we couldnt be happier,esp with amazon 3 day shipping
asus-transformer|Purchased ASUS 300 Transformer tablet this past spring. Also purchased a protective case. In spite of being in the case, the tablet has now developed a hairline crack on touchscreen surface. Operation is affected and is degrading. I have made several attempts to contact ASUS for warranty and repair info. I have received a confirmation number with a promise to escalate to next level if no response provided with two days. That was seven days ago. No service action or response has been provided to date and the tablet is now unusable.Previously had tried to get information from ASUS regarding sharing files with another computer.Very disappointed in ASUS service.
asus-transformer|Add me to the group of cracked screen. The unit was 80 days old when I woke up one morning and found a cracked screen. It was charging in the keyboard dock overnight when it cracked. It was not dropped. I have not yet tried to contact Asus but will try in a couple of weeks.Overall the tablet was working fine. Sometime was slow and would occasionally hang up. Also noticed the screen to be less touch friendly the last couple of weeks.
asus-transformer|This is my first tablet computer and did not know what to expect. I had used a co-worker's ipad for a couple of projects in the office; however, because I have an android smartphone decided I should stick with an android tablet. While I was not expecting the same performance of the more expensive ipad, I never expected such a poor performing tablet as the asus 300tf. First the browser is practically worthless it constantly crashes with the message "Browser is not responding. Would you like to close it? [Wait / OK]". The touch screen is non-responsive at times and when it does work it begins to freeze, skip and jump. I do not know if I have a lemon, but I will give it a couple of more days to see if things improve, otherwise I will be returning.Update...Asus came out with a firmware update today(May 18), I installed the update and it completed bricked my tablet. The touch screen became completely unresponsive I had to attach the keyboard so I could enter my password and log on. I called customer support and they were no help. Apparently I have a lemon, will be returning.Can anyone recommend a good android tablet?
asus-transformer|Update 1: Removed comment about ecompass; seems to be working better after reboot with Sky but still wacky with other compass app... likely a SW issue.One thing I forgot to add earlier... the automatic brightness setting appears not to be functioning correctly. When you turn it on it goes WAY dark, to the point where it is pretty much unusable even in a dim room. If ambient lighting is turned on it goes to the midpoint and then just sits there forever without any dynamic adjustments. I'm sure this is a software issue and it doesn't really bother me but I thought others might want to comment about possible solutions, etc._______________________________ORIGINAL TEXT______________________This is my first tablet. I prefer the flexibility of Android and I already have an Android phone so I decided to give this one a try. I also do not want to install iTunes on any of my PCs.I decided to purchase a tablet because I do not like having to boot up or keep a PC running just to check my email, surf the web, watch a video, or read an ebook. I decided to go with this unit because it's being sold at a reasonable price for its specs. I really wanted a tablet with a USB port so I could transfer photos in the field but no models so equipped were/are available at the time with an IPS screen (another one of my requirements). In the end, I decided that the USB adapter and this tablet would suffice. I do not believe in spending big bucks on something that I can't do real work on so I stayed away from the expensive iPads and premium Android models like the ASUS Transformer Prime.I have mixed feelings after using the TF300 for a couple of days. It is speedy and comes with plenty of RAM. RAM is expandable via a microSD card which is also a big plus. Pretty much all the programs that I have tried on it fly and I haven't noticed any bothersome slow-downs that some have noted. The USB adapter works but I would have much preferred a cable because it becomes a rather long moment arm hanging off of a delicate connector when it is in place. Also, you pretty much have to use the tablet upside-down when the adapter or the power cord is connected. For normal use this is fine because the screen flips automatically but some programs, mainly games, insist on displaying in only in native orientation.The screen is more than bright enough for indoor use but not enough for daylight outdoors. It's also a HUGE finger magnet. At this point in time, the "Next iPad", with its much higher resolution screen (I refuse to use their incorrect marketing jargon for it) just wipes the floor with all the Android tablet displays out there. Hopefully that will change sometime soon but I foresee the manufacturers charging a large premium for the increased resolution. The screen does have some minor light bleed that is noticeable when the background is black but nothing that I consider overly objectionable. What bothers me more is that when the background is completely white I can see a slight yellowish gradient near the top. Not sure if most people would notice this but it bothers me; especially when I'm reading ebooks. Both Wifi and GPS work great. I wish there were speakers on both, or even three sides like some competitors have, but they sound clear and are loud enough for me. If I want louder I plug in headphones or connect some via bluetooth.Now on to the bad. The build quality (or maybe the internal design) is not what I would call "bulletproof". When I push on the screen near the left bezel I can feel it flex. If I look into the microSD port I can see the opening change shape when it's flexing. I'm worried about the long term repercussions of this. The screen feels solid around the rest of the bezel perimeter. I checked on the display model at a local store and it has the same issue so unfortunately this does not appear to be an isolated case.Being a fan of Google Sky, I quickly found that ecompass to be terrible. It's off by about 90 degrees and very inconsistent. I've tried calibrating it and trying different applications with no luck. If anyone knows how to put this tablet into diagnostic mode let me know so I can figure out if this is a hardware or software issue.I'll try to update this review as I log more time with the unit. For now I give it 4 stars because of the bang for the buck.
asus-transformer|The product is awesome love the feeling of the tablet in my hands, not much difference with the prime actually even though the back is plastic it still feels like great quality. Love the color its dark making it seem very good at different times like in the dark and light times. The screen brightness is actually good no complains what so ever, dont seem to know why people really bother about the screen its better than most on the market. Price is excellent for this tablet, you are not missing out on any thing like the big expensive ones. Would definitely recommend it!!!!
asus-transformer|We have had this tablet for only 2 months, and it's worked great until now. Today it completely crashed, and will not turn on. That was a waste of money.
asus-transformer|Having delayed my purchase of a tablet until I found something that I thought met the spec and wasn't overpriced I finally decided to bite the bullet and go for the TF300. I haven't been disappointed either. Having read many reviews of this and other tablets and having used the TF201 and Ipads, I thought this would be a safe middle ground, not too expensive but with very good hardware and software.I have the tablet for a 2 weeks now and have found nothing wrong with the operation of the tablet, very smooth with none of the issues others seem to have had. Maybe I have been one of the lucky ones, I dont know. The battery life is very impressive also.My only gripe with this is the screen. It is a finger print magnet. They give you a screen cleaner and you will use it quite a bit, every few days the screen needs a good wipe as the finger prints start to become very visible. But considering the price mark of the tablet, you cannot have everything. I would recommend this to anyone who wants a pretty high spec tablet but without the high end price.
asus-transformer|I figure there must be some people who are considering the TF300 or the SL101 (Slider), especially given that you can get them for roughly equivalent prices (with the TF300 dock/keyboard). I have both now (running ICS on Slider) and though I like both a lot, I do have opinions on their differences:Build/Fit/Finish: The SL101 wins. Apart from the somewhat odd keyboard sliding mechanism, the SL101 has an awesome feel. Rubberized surfaces, rounded/beveled edges, two-tone styling. The TF300 is plastic. The grip made with grooves in the plastic on the back give an odd feeling. Almost tickles when you move your fingers across it. I prefer the rubberized surface much more.Performance: Of course, the specs tell you that the TF300 is the winner. And it is. However, it is just the barest perception of a difference when used side-by-side for normal use. I'm going to reserve judgment though for gaming. No noticeable difference in the games I do play, but then I haven't really gotten a game that is built for the Tegra 3 yet. I notice that there are some games you can only get for the Tegra 3, so even then, I wouldn't be able to do a comparison. That in and of itself is a comparison ... Available games: TF300 wins again.Cameras: TF300 takes it. Not just because of Megapixels, but the image is less grainy. There is something about the camera in the TF201 with indoor light. It is really grainy. This includes the front-facing camera as well. The other thing to consider is video conferencing. The TF300 takes it there too. The image is better and with the dock you can easily adjust the angle of the camera. The SL101 has a fixed angle, and it is some what "up your nose".Typing: TF300 wins. The keyboard on the SL101 takes a little getting used to, but the TF300 is natural right off the bat. The button to turn off the mouse pad is your best friend, because the mouse is very easy to touch with your thumb while you type and in turn moves focus on your screen to something else. Ultimately, the mouse on Android is not that great of an add-on. It does better with touch. Now, the SL101's keyboard is OK. I use it all the time. It's just not as nice. Plus, the TF300 comes with an extra row of very useful keys, and of the keys that the SL101 does have, I think their location on the TF300 is better.Touch while propped up with Keyboard: SL101 wins. The angle I was complaining about before for video conferencing is actually why I prefer the SL101 in all other uses. The angle and position is perfect for promoting the use of your finger to touch the screen. It feels very natural to reach from the keyboard to touching the screen. The TF300 reach and angle are very different. It always feels like I am trying to contort my hand to touch it, reaching over the keyboard, especially when it comes to touching the lower part of the screen. Also, when you have the screen at the best angle it can get (pretty much all the way back), when you touch the screen it has a tendency to tilt back because of the very fine balance the keyboard and the screen have. Touching the screen tips the balance. Of course, this may be the point where you decide that using the mouse pad is the best choice for the TF300. Personally, the mouse to me is not a desirable feature for a device based on touching.Screen: SL101 wins. There is nothing wrong with the TF300 screen, but side-by-side, the SL101 seems more vibrant and has better darkness (contrast). It is still pretty close though and I wouldn't make a choice based on that alone.Battery: TF300 wins. I haven't actually run a test to prove this side-by-side, but by all reports, and especially given the TF300 dock carries an extra battery, it should win.Weight: No winner. This one is apples to oranges. The SL101 has a keyboard built into it and is marginally lighter than the TF300 with the keyboard attached. The SL101 screen has a more heavy-duty feel, but doesn't have a second battery. The TF300 when detached from the keyboard is very light. Overall, I prefer the feel of the SL101, with or without the keyboard extended.So, that wraps it up. I personally think that it is unfortunate ASUS seems to be dropping the SL101 form-factor. I guess it didn't sell that well, but all thing being equal between devices, I'd prefer it. Here though, all things are not equal. The TF300 has some other advantages that might tip into your favor. If asked which one I would keep though, it would still be the SL101 slider.
asus-transformer|I've used several different Pads (iPad, iPad2 and Blackberry Playbook) and after 4 hours of initial use of my new ASUS Transformer with Android 4.0, I can definitely say this beats the others hands down. The only think that would make it better is true stereo sound. Still highly recommended!
asus-transformer|I thought i wanted an ipad. My son recommended the Asus tf300. I thought I should go and "test drive" one. After reading the reviews I didn't think that was necessary. Ordered it and loved it from the time it came! Half the price of the Ipad, and super fast! I love mycloud. Accessing my home computer from my tablet is awesome! Extremely pleased! Glad I made this purchase!
asus-transformer|So far this tablet has lived up to my expectations. Better then other tablets currently available and an excellent buy for the price. There are a few issues right now such as force closes and the web browsing speed but those should be worked out with a software update, which Asus is better then most at releasing in a timely manner. All and all, despite some issues, this tablet really delivers.
asus-transformer|Have had my TF300 for 2 weeks now and I can definitely say it was worth the money. With 32 GB of internal storage plus a microSD slot, it is definitely enough to store a large amount of files, movies, etc. Both the USB charger and the microSD slot make it easy to transfer stuff directly from my laptop, and as I am mainly planning to use this in lieu of my laptop on short business trips, it is definitely more versatile than an iPad, which I also considered.At first I was a bit concerned about light bleed from the edges (only noticeable in a dark room with a black screen), however with some further investigating I noticed that my LG smartphone and my mom's iPad 2 have the same issue - so I figured this is probably just something that happens.My only gripe with the tablet is the browser, which gives the "has stopped working" error frequently...however when it asks me to wait or force close, every time I hit wait it immediately loads the page. Hence the reason for needing a software update to fix a minor glitch.
asus-transformer|Just got it yesterday. No problems like others have reported. WIFI is fantastic! It has better distance than phone, desktop, and laptop.Waiting for my keyboard to be delivered. I'll report back then.Still waiting for keyboard/dock but I am very impressed with this device. It's very quick, still no issues like others are reporting. The instructions say keep it away from magnets...it can go through the xray machine at the airport but do not send through "magnetic detectors or expose it to magnetic wands".It is difficult to read in direct sunlight, so if you plan on taking this to the beach to read this might not be for you. If you want access to internet, email, games, photo's, etc, this thing is awesome. The reason I bought it was for traveling, I'm sick of hauling the laptop around and reading newspapers/emails through my phone. I like syncing my Kindle books and was very excited to configure my email account so I can read/reply to messages off-line.Update...The docking station adds so much more to the experience. I have no problems with the tablet. It has never been usb'd into my computer because, for me, there is no need. That brings me to wonder if the problems others are reporting are coming from their comp's ( viruses? ) and not the tablet. I do remember someone saying that you have to pay attention to the usb version?I was very happy to find an app that lets me bluetooth 4G off my android phone. My phone plan comes with unlimited data plan so when I'm on the road I have two choices, wireless and phone service. How awesome is that?
asus-transformer|Purchased on Apr 25 on Amazon, delivery took more than a week. After two weeks of minimal use, started freezing. None of the touch control will work. I would be logged out and the security pattern draw screen won't respond. At the bottom of the screen, it will say "No internet connection" which means wi-fi connection was lost! Even the turn-off key won't work. Have to leave it for 15 minutes and then I can login but still the screen that froze before was still frozen. I am returning it. Not a satisfactory experience. A year back I bought a ASUS LED monitor from F**y*. Had problem with it too. The monitor adjustment menu will keep popping up and won't go away. ASUS won't take it back!
asus-transformer|I loved this tablet, out of the box. Set up was easy and everything worked perfectly. After 2 weeks of use, mostly game applications and music/video, I noticed that the screen was not always responding to touch or when it did respond it would act on its own even when it was placed flat on a table, opening applications or settings that I had not even touched. The issues persisted and after consulting the manufactures website I did a clean wipe/restore. This seems to fix the issue for about 2 hrs. but it progressively got worse to the point that, at week 3, the screen now does not respond at all. I contacted ASUS's directly who informed me I could send it to them but it would be a 2 week repair time (not including shipping). Since I was within the 30 day window for returned I contacted Amazon informed them of the issue and they processed a return/exchange for it. The Amazon rep assured me that if I was not satisfied with the replacement they would exchange or offer a full refund within 30 days. The return, other than having to take time to pack it up and drop it off was seamless and I am eagerly anticipating the receipt of the replacement, I wish however for the inconvenience they would offer quicker shipping for the replacement (device expected delivery is 8 business days from the order date which is longer than it took for me to get the original one). While I am dissatisfied with the product itself I am satisfied with Amazon's response to the issue, with the exception of shipping time for replacement. I'm also out the cost of a screen protector because it was dammaged when removing it from the tablet I'm returning.
asus-transformer|I just got this tablet today. It is AWESOME!!!!! Set up was a breeze. All of my apps that were synced with my phone got transferred. Which was totally unexpected. The swipe is a nice added touch. Beautiful display. For the money it is a great buy. I have had no problems at all. Technology isn't perfect people. The only complaint is that there aren't enough accessory options. But in due time it will have more. I would totally recommend this tablet. This is the perfect tablet for someone who doesn't need all of the extras that doesn't matter. Asus has me sold!!! Great value !!!!!
asus-transformer|Kicks I pads butt. Upgradeable memory, huge screen, great graphics, web surfing is breeze. Easy to use. My kids love it .
asus-transformer|Excellent tablet. Tons of bang for your buck. Better stats for the cash then Samsung Note Tablet 10.1. I was gonna buy the Note Tablet then i did a spec comparison and this tablet outclassed Samsung's Note Tablet 10.1 and was way cheaper. Crisp HD Display, great graphics from the Tegra!! This tablet has to be owned to truly appreciate everything it has to offer.
asus-transformer|I use this tablet hours every day, keeping up on news and current affairs, having fun and researching. It does a great job at everything it does - the only time I ever see lag is multitasking between applications which heavily use the internet - such as a p2p application and netflix at the same time... doesn't work well. The resolution is beautiful and the brightness is remarkable. I had heard some complain about light bleed, but I notice a little only once in a blue moon. I don't sit down and hunt for imperfections, I wait for them to interrupt me. Then I get angry. Anyways, this tablet is the slightly streamlined version of ASUS' other tablets - this one has a bit less CPU power, more plastic, and not as great of camera utility/quality. The plastic is weak - it resists scratches really well by having a patterned design, but against any impact, the plastic just kinda gives and leaves nasty marks and dents. I would suggest a case for it, or that you baby this more than your child. Drop it on anything hard and you'll be trying to get used to the damage. Software-wise, ASUS tends to give you more liberty than others, like motorola, samsung, apple, etc. You'll get OTA updates a lot, enough to make you feel like you're not being left out. I can't tell you how annoying lack of updates was with my phone. ASUS cares. One annoyance: plugging in a SD card, and having it treat it like a forever-external drive that it's compelled to constantly have a notification of it's foreign-ness. Just integrate and shut up. It treats SD cards like you're only swapping a bit of data and taking it out. It doesn't care that you put it in there because you wanted more space for the tablet alone! In general I like it. Not the best, but not the worst. Good price. I use it a lot, so if that's a measure of worth, it's pretty worth it!
asus-transformer|I've been using the tablet for about two weeks. Barring any surprises, I'm very pleased so far and not sure what so many of the complaints here are about.Like most low-power devices, there are occasional moments of sluggishness if there are several processes running at once, or for example many tabs opening simultaneously in a browser. But given a little patience this is a minor quibble. I've encountered exactly the same thing on my wife's iPad 3 too many times to count.The screen is very good and in fact better than it needs to be in order to be both functional and pleasurable to use. Sure, it's not a "retina" display but it's great for video and good enough for reading. I suppose the fonts could be a little clearer on some PDFs but for the price the quality is absolutely fair.As far as build quality, I suppose it doesn't feel like a $600 device. I don't want a $600 device. It seems durable enough.Look, tablets are basically a luxury item for most people, they're rarely a primary computing device. If you feel like you need something that feels like a Porsche, and you want to be like everybody else, definitely go out and blow your bonus on an iPad. But my wife has no end of problems with her iPad and frankly I'm tired of solving them for her. Syncing to iTunes is invariably fraught with peril (e.g. items being deleted) and more of a headache than I need. Give me the simplicity and functionality of an Android device like this any day. Competition is good for us (the consumers) and the future is bright.
asus-transformer|I work with ipads, but are very limited by apples policy. Customization is near impossible. The ipads are way to expensive. I ordered this tablet for 349.99 for 32gb of storage and tegra 3 chip. Add leather cover, screen protector and another 32gb micro sd card with stylus pen came out less than 425.00. IF i had gone with apple it would have been another 200-300 dollars for the 64gb model. It has the same apps or better ones than app store. Customization is awesome. I can see any video type or picture type and not tethered to apple store rules.
asus-transformer|I have had my Transformer TF300T since June...loved the tablet...been great. The last two weeks, it has become unusable! Literally unusable! It reboots itself about every 2 minutes. It is not software related, as the "power off" message comes up on the screen..if I tap off of it to make it go away it comes right back...and then it reboots. Doesn't matter if it is inserted in the dock or not. I have no SD card installed. I have babied this tablet from the day I got it (I have OCD on stuff like that) and there is no way the hardware issue is from abuse from me. If I touch in the top left corner of the screen it will bring the power off message up and reboot. If I squeeze that area, it will do the same. Problem is....even if I am not even touching that area it is now doing it. I did a reset and that did nothing to fix it. Tried to go the internet on the tablet and search a solution and it rebooted 3 times that I couldn't even type in my search criteria...just pitiful! So, I am on my PC and did a search and immediately I found the Transformer forums and my same issue is a common problem. I am not happy. Wish I could return to and get my money back but it has been too long. Others on that forum have paid $60 bucks in freight shipping them back for repair to ASUS only to have the tablet come back and in a couple of weeks of use start having the same hardware issue again. ASUS needs to step up do a recall and/or allow us to exchange our tablet and dock for another model. I very rarely post, but in this instance I feel I need to. When you spend $399 for the tablet and $149 for the dock, you have a pretty good tech investment that should not be plagued by hardware issues in a few months that render the unit unusable. The build quality of the unit is an issue and should be recalled. I have not been this disappointed with a product that I was so excited about ever. I am a huge Android fan and this review should not make anyone stray from an android tablet...Jellybean on Android is great...but I wouldn't purchase this tablet again unless they redesign the hardware somehow and rectify the issues with current owners of the tablets that are experiencing these hardware failures!
asus-transformer|Overall this tablets gets a (A-) or 4.5/5Quality- B-(Mostly solid plastic, mostly HQ internal components,very fragile touchscreen*)Speed- A-(Very Fast and stable with light mods, very slow of you use stock settings and stock browser)Versatility-B+(Has Adobe Flash 11.1 witn 4.1 OS, Super range Wifi, Good GPS signal, Good Bluetooth 3.0, slow 32GB SSD*, NO 3G/4G*)Value- A+(269.99 Like New at Amazon Warehouse Oct 2012)Good Uses for this tablet+Great GPS Car navigation that is mounted on your lap while driving.Uses the Co-Pilot App, Google Maps App, NavFree App without Wifi/3G/4G+Other Apps like Speech Translation, Car Diagnostics, Google Currents work offline.+Web Browsing is very fast with Dolphin Mini(SD caching turned ON and Background Task OFF).http://www.amazon.com/Samsung-32GB-Speed-MicroSDHC-Memory/product-reviews/B005TUQV0E/ref=sr_1_1_cm_cr_acr_txt?ie=UTF8&showViewpoints=1+Mounting on the car visor is fast and easy with a portfolio case and rubber band.The shortcoming of this device.-Takes alot of time testing to see which web browser(Dolphin Mini & Opera) works the fastest with Flash 11.1-Takes alot of time to setup Apps-Glass touchscreen will start cracking if use the 149.99 keyboard dock alot.***Some thing your need to get to address the shortcoming and make this device more usable+A nice looking 9.99 case stand to protect screen that doubles as 2 position stand and car visor mount+A Sandisk/Samsung microSD 16-64GB(exFAT Format) with your apps saved on it to speed up performance(caching)+For extended traveling, a 29.99 5,000mAh portable battery and 2.5 portable hard drive for movies+A spare 19.99 Wifi router or Mifi modem for hotels and the great outdoors.+ Dual stylus will make "clicking" and typing much faster.+ Avoid docking with the keyboard dock to avoid screen crackingOther tablets to consider+249.99 Nexus 7 32GB- Much faster, more compact less setup, but has limited storage. (A-)+499.99 Window Surface- Worth demoing.(B-)+499.99 Nexus 10-Needs light mods to run faster(A-)+499.99 Pad 4-(B+)
asus-transformer|I recently purchased this Transformer TF300 WITH the keyboard attachment and have been very pleased thus far. The Transformer has a reasonable amount of processor power combined with an outstanding battery life and aesthetics. That being said, it lacks (to the extent of my knowledge) Java, or the ability to install Java. This is not an error of ASUS, but, rather, of Java.Pros:Sleek appearanceTerrific Battery lifeClear speaker with reasonable rangeGreat camera qualityRuns Android 4.0Powerful processorGood Screen resolutionGood touch screen responsivenessInstantly compatible with PS3 controllers (setup via keyboard dock, then use wirelessly)Keyboard dock includes batteryExpandable storageReasonable PriceCons:Absence of compatibility with many applications in the Play Store (Could potentially be updated in near future)Touch screen sometimes indicates "presses" without a user touching the screenNo USB ports on tablet itselfPlastic casing (in white model) looks somewhat cheap visually.Tablet does not feel as structurally sturdy as comparable Apple productsOnly 32GB onboard storageLower resolution than Transformer Prime or iPadAll in all, I would HIGHLY recommend this product as a secondary computing device. I prefer to be able to use a more stationary computer as a primary computer, because of the (potentially) increased processor speed as well as significantly more hard drive space, a larger screen, etc. Many of the issues that I have had with the Transformer have been minor (in my opinion), while others may be more concerned with some of the issues listed above.This product could function as a primary computer for persons who:Use computers very lightlyNeed only access to word processing, internet use, social networking, etcAre intolerant of OSX, Windows, and UbuntuAs a sidenote, I would recommend the ASUS transformer (or TF Prime) over an iPad, or even other Android OS tablets available at the time of authoring because it is notably more powerful and in my opinion, more functional, as well as more reasonably priced.
asus-transformer|I bought this tablet, because of its best bang for the buck with regards to processor (Tegra 3) expandability (Keyboard dock / usb) and its i/o of microsd and hdmi. This is a pretty good tablet, but the quality control issues of the screen pixels had issues for me. I did check out the competing android tablets from other manufacturers, but this one had all the things I wanted and at a good price point. On my first tablet from amazon, the tablet had a small cluster of issues of dead/stuck pixels. This can't be seen with certain background colors when on the net, viewing pics, or even watching a movie. I returned the first tablet and received a replacement from amazon. The second tablet had one stuck pixel on the center of the screen that can easily be seen with certain colors: white, green, blue, and red. In less than two weeks, another stuck pixel occurred on the bottom right. (When holding the tablet in its longest vertical position) This pixel would be easily seen with the display colors of red, black, white, and blue. I have read issues on the transformer forums on some tablets with pixel issues, dust issues between the glass and touch panel. (I didn't have the dust issues, just the pixel issues) On the forum many have posted that they have had some stuck pixel issues and didn't bother them too much. However, if I am forking out a good chunk of my hard earned money for an item, I expect it to not have any manufacturing/ quality control issues. Also in the forums, there were mentions of the quality control issues being hit or miss. I am returning the 2nd replacement and am stepping up to to the TF700T Asus Transformer Infinity tablet. More than I would like to spend, but this is supposedly there flagship tablet and hope that there aren't any issues that were plagued with the TF300T. Aside from these screen/pixel issues, the tablet functionality, design, interface was just what I wanted out of an Android tablet. Btw.....the two TF300T experiences, they were both the white, 32gb versions. One thing to note, I mainly used the tablet as a internet, netflix, photo/video playback and comics reading device. I didn't maximize the brightness at any time. The brightness setting was in the middle. Also, FYI, there are videos on youtube that will display a full screen of a single color and then cycle to various colors if anyone ever wants to check to see if there pixels are displaying colors properly.
asus-transformer|The positives first:- Tablet is gorgeous in design and feel very comfortable in your hands.- It operates really smooth thanks to 4 core processor- It is just a beautiful peace of hardware and I'd like to love it, but ...Negatives:After 4+ months of light use the power button is no longer working as it used to. It gets stuck and tablet randomly shut itself off and reboots.I'm sending right now 8/28/2012 a request for RMA to Asus Customer Center.I'll be updating the outcome of this request.--- o ---Update #1: Sept 4th, 2012. I received email from ASUS with RMA form. They responded pretty quickly (considering my request was sent just before weekend and labor day).I've already sent the tablet priority the following day (they don't supply any packaging material or paid stamp). Package is still in transit.--- o ---Update #2: Asus received the tablet on September 07, 2012 and I received a notification that tablet was delivered back on September 11, 2012.They fedex'd my ASUS TF300 and I finally got it back on Friday September 14th, 2012.So far everything is working perfect, they seam to have fixed the issue. No complaints so far. I've updated the rating from 2 stars to four due to the great repair service Asus has provided me with.Only thing I didn't like is that I had to pay for sending the tablet, and also I would liked to know what was the problem that they solved, I mean a brief description of the repairs done to it.But anyway, that is ok.
asus-transformer|EDIT 3/8/2013: After doing a second factory reset and updating the firmware it has a spanking new OS (4.2.1) that still freaks out the same way. So it definitely has to be a hardware issue. Having not treated the tablet roughly and having had it in a case since I started using it I would have to say that I just got a ticking bomb that just went off.If I rest the tablet flat with my hand in the middle or on a table it seems to freak out. If I hold the bottom left corner (when horizontal) it seems to function fine. However I can't hold it like that for long as it isn't comfortable. Once I release that corner it freaks out. Faulty manufacturing has to be the issue here.Asus customer service (after jumping through a few hoops) can't guarantee the will fix or replace it for free so having to ship this device back to the US via FedEx with damage insurance and then paying shipping cost back seems like a big gamble. The money would likely be better spent buying a new a completely different table from a different manufacture in the near future.That said I cannot recommend this or any other Asus product to anyone, *especially* if they live outside of the United States. The review is left at two stars because I purchased two of these tablets. One for me and my girlfriend and her's seems to still be working fine for now.-------------------------------EDIT 26/2/2013: For the last week the tablet has suddenly decided to launch applications on it's own or even type random letters while I try to use the keyboard to send a message. It's not limited to any one application as it even tries to re-size videos while I am watching them through MX Player. Even after doing a factory restore with limited application icons on the screen it will now try to change the wallpaper, which is suppose to happen when you tap and hold on the home screen. Seeing as I am not doing this it just seems the tablet has started to freak out.On checking forums it seems many others have had this issue after use and also straight out of the box. My tablet has not been dropped or damaged in anyway recently, so there is no known cause for this other than possible hardware issues. It has had the latest firmware update for a while with no issues until now.Thankfully I have not had the cracking screen issues some warned me about, but with the tablet randomly acting up after just a few months of use I can't safely recommend that anyone buys this or any other Asus tablet until this issue can be resolved. Unfortunately in checking with Amazon's return policy I am only able to get a partial refund, which could be nothing much at all.-------------------------------OLD REVIEW:Everyone loves the new iPad(3), but not everyone can afford one. Also some people want to do more with their tablet than Apple allows. You know stuff like connect external devices, transfer files, watch various video formsts and add more storage space. If you fall under that category then the Asus Transformer TF300 is the tablet for you.The TF300 is the budget version of the Asus Transformer TF700, which is their premium tablet. However the most major changes are that the back is made of a very sturdy and ribbed plastic rather than metal and the screen is not as bright as the TF700. the TF700 is 600nits of brightness and the TF300 is 300nits. What this means is that it's difficult to use the TF300 outdoors or anywhere that there will be lots of glare. The screen resolution is also slightly lower on the TF300 at 1280 by 800, but it's no slouch buy any means. The screen quality is beautiful and you can easily use it indoors at half the brightness. However if you feel a strong need to use your tablet outdoors in the harsh daylight you will need to fork over an additional $100 for the TF700.Performance wise you honestly won't have to go any higher than the balanced setting if you are playing simple games, reading books, playing music and surfing the web. However you can switch over to high performance for graphic intense games and other apps but your battery life will take a hit, depending on what you are doing. There is an energy saving mode, which by default the tablet switches to when the battery power gets to around 15%. This option I wouldn't recommend as it can cause the screen to flicker various brightness levels while watching video. Some people have complained about this tablet flickering and honestly this likely is the reason why. Thankfully you can choose not to use that setting and also set the tablet to not go into that mode when the battery is low. Battery life seems to be more than enough to go two days before charging it with light use. Heavy users that game, watch videos use wfi, bluetooth, GPS and connect external devices (like hard drives) will be able to make it through the daylight hours before they need a charge if it's set to balanced power setting. Having not tested high performance I cannot honestly say how long it would last.Currently this tablet comes with the Android Ice Cream Sandwich OS, but once you connect it to a Wifi network it will automatically download Jelly Bean. Thus far under Jelly Bean there have been far less issues with how the tablet performs and the OS is much more user friendly. That said the default web browser can crash and I've experienced this only once so far, but closing the browser app an resuming takes seconds to solve that issue. However I can't say if this is an OS issue, a buggy app or a bad coding on the specific website. That said you will find that some sites will still default to mobile versions, which has nothing to do with the tablet and all to do with web developers mainly focusing on building pages for the iPad experience and not Android. Hopefully they will correct this in the near future.The build quality seems to be very good. It feels sturdy and the material used don't feel cheap. Even the plastic used on the rear of the device feels well crafted and not cheap. Plus the tablet will likely be put into a case for protection so any complaints abut the use of plastic rather than metal are trivial. Much like the folks who complained abut the iPhone 5 metal casing being easy to scratch. Protect you investment with a case and you will be fine.The 8 megapixel rear camera is a decent performer, but don't expect photos and videos to be as crisp as ones from a DSLR or a point and shoot. It's basically great for quick snapshots in fair lighting conditions. If it gets to dark or of there are very bright and dark areas that you are photographing you will see the camera's limitations. That said if you can get a hold of and HDR app you should see better results. There is no LED flash so low light photography is a no go. With the 10" tablet form factor taking photos will seem a bit clunky. 7" is more ideal, but as always a DSLR camera is what you use when you are more serious about getting that winning shot.With the USB attachment you can connect external drives directly to your tablet and transfer files back and forth without the need of a computer. The Android file directory makes it very easy to copy and paste and create new folders. Also if you are the kind of individual who loves to customize your device then the TF300 with it's vanilla Android OS will fit your requirements like a glove.So if you are in the market for a price friendly 10" tablet that doesn't cut corners to get the price down, and delivers quality performance, then the Asus Transformer TF300 is the most ideal solution for you.
asus-transformer|Like the title says, I really wanted to like this tablet. I'm pretty picky about my electronics and after checking the specs and reviews on the other offerings out there, chose the TF300T. The first unit I got had an issue with the casing by the headphone jack. It appeared as if the case wasn't properly seated, or that the headphone jack bulged just a bit too much preventing the back from properly seating. That one went back within two days and I got my current unit.I had none of the nit-picky complaints of some other tech users (eg. light bleed) because quite frankly I don't give a crap about that. Just need to be able to get my content and have a solid user experience. It's been two months and the tablet has been randomly rebooting. Not once or twice a day, with heavy use, a few times a session. My sessions are about 3 to 4 hours long. This is infuriating to say the least, and there is no pattern to the reboots. It happens sometimes when using google to search, launching different apps, checking email - just totally random. This is unacceptable for a unit that we all paid a premium price to obtain.Another issue I've observed is the touchscreen will launch apps and select items even before you actually touch the screen. In some cases your finger may be within a quarter inch of the screen but not touching, and it will fire off whatever it hovered above. Let's I'm in the google play store trying to decide what to get. It will launch you into items which you didn't mean to select. Ah.. ASUS, this is an issue!Let's talk battery life and performance. If you want any kind of decent battery life you have to sacrifice the performance. Don't let the specifications entice you. To get close to the ten hours ASUS advertises you have to set the unit on "battery saver" mode which brings your performance on par with the supposedly lesser OMAP 4430 processor in the Galaxy Tab 2 , Kindle Fire, Lenovo S2109. I'm certain these tablets don't crash and have the kind of stability issues I'm seeing. What's the point of having a screaming processor if you can't fully enjoy it with decent battery life? Very few apps are written for Tegra 3, most are written to support the majority of devices so should you shell out the extra bucks and deal with stability issues when they will run just as well on another device - sans issues? This unit may well end up being returned - I really wanted to like it but I'm having a hard time at this point.
asus-transformer|I bought this tablet a couple of weeks ago, since then, I haven't been able to get away from it. I did a lot of research before deciding on this particular tablet & found that it is absolutely is the best tablet for the money. Everyone was telling me "oh, you should get an I-pad... the apps for the I-pad are endless"! Yeah, that's true, BUT, with the I-pad you are paying for most of the apps.Now let's see, the Transformer 300 has a Quad core processor which makes it extremely fast and reliable, it uses one of the best graphics processors, and to top it off it's Android based which means that it's an "Open Source" operating system that anyone and theirMother can create apps for. While some apps do come with a price, the majority of them are free of charge. Free is good!!! I also want to make clear that the Transformer Tf300 that I purchased has 32Gb memory with a micro sd card slot for even more storage.Although I am a huge fan of Samsung products, I must say that ASUS really put the Galaxy tab to shame. I think ASUS has finally found it's place in the "booming" electronics market place. I hope this review helps you decide which way to go if you are looking for a tablet.Good luck & have fun!!!
asus-transformer|Buy, buy buy! Fast, great battery life, and Asus support is very responsive with firmware updates. Get a case with a stand, for better handling. I couldn't stand the fingerprints and wasn't sure if I would use a stylus. I got the micro fiber stylus and I actually prefer it now. So much easier than hauling my laptop on vacations. I have 64 gb with added micro SD, but hard to fill up the first 32.I don't think you'll even need the extended memory for quite a while.Great purchase and affordable. Who needs an iPad?
asus-transformer|This tablet is amazing. I had it since it was released and by far it has beat my exceptions. HD movies look beautiful and it's super fast. Screen is very responsive and built well. Daughter dropped it twice and it still in excellent shape. I would recommend this tablet any day. I owned Samsung 7.0 plus and this one feels better overall. The fact that it is pretty much stock 4.0 is great. Doesn't feel as laggy as Samsung's touchwiz, although I would also recommend 7.0 plus if looking for smaller tablet. I do wish the sd card slot had a small door like samsungs tablet but that's personally preference.
asus-transformer|Received my TF 300 Asus today. Along with it my package included the keyboard and a portfolio and 32g memory card. All of this was just a bit of $500. I currently have a Moto Xyboard 32g 10 inch. I like the Asus much better. Faster, and better set up from Asus. I have been using my Android phone for most of my computer duties while traveling and wanted something convenient, reliable, and with some flexibility. I have no issues with the build of this unit. I may even prefer it over the aluminum of the 201. Keyboard fits like a glove and is very usable. I guess a few weeks in I should report back with an update.Looking for a nice tablet with some expandability at a decent price. This it it.
asus-transformer|I was holding off because I didn't "need" a tablet. But I am a geek so my wife insisted that I buy one as her birthday present to me. I am an Android guy so the iPad was not an option. I couldn't justify spending $500+ so was looking mid-range. Did all the online research and read all the feedback. I visited many stores for a hands-on and really liked this device. I pulled the trigger.I love this tablet. I spent a few days customizing the home screens and filling in passwords to my favorite sites. You can read all the pro's and con's elsewhere. This thing is fast, beautiful and is a great addition to my geek library. Go for it.
asus-transformer|I'm writing the review on this tablet right now, and the Swype-like keyboard input works very well and is easy to use. The built in browser works well too. I've used Chrome Beta, but it's slower and tens to crash a lot. This review page wouldn't even load with Chrome Beta, so Asus did a good job with it. Asus has already put out 2 firmware updates for this device in the short time I've had it (about a month) so Asus really makes an effort to support and maintain this device. Great graphics performance. Great battery life. I'd say 1 charge lasts for about 10 hours of use. The one thing that could be better is its GPS performance in the car. Unless I have the tablet on the dashboard, Google Nav constantly loses the signal, whereas my Droid Incredible has fantastic GPS reception anywhere in the car. Overall the best full featured tablet for the price.
asus-transformer|(Small 06/15/2012 update: Discharging and recharging the battery two more times seems to have extended its lifespan a bit. It lasts me through an entire day of on and off usage with pretty liberal power settings as long as I let it auto-sleep after a few minutes of non-use. I highly recommend that other users let it charge a full eight hours the first time, and then let it fully drain and fully recharge 2-3 times rather than partially recharging it afterwards)I've had this tablet for nearly a week now, and I'm exceptionally pleased with my investment. It handles 3D rendering without a hitch or hiccup, and has by and large been entirely stable, consistent and efficient. (You can bet I'll update this review if it later fails to be) It easily hooks up to a desktop PC via USB for file transfers without any unnecessary dancing around with sync applications, though those are still usable if one wants. The power cable is a little loose where it anchors to the tablet, however.It does, unsurprisingly, come with a fair amount of Asus and Google bloatware, but there is at least one gem hidden among that. There's a free copy of the Splashtop HD desktop streaming app, hidden away as part of the "MyCloud" app, tucked away in there, which is incredibly useful and works really well. This is something to be aware of, as some owners of this tablet have ended up buying Splashtop without knowing it's included free due to the way it's integrated in the MyCloud app. You also get 8 GB free on some cloud storage app, but as far as I can tell, you can't freely choose which folders to sync to it like you can with services like Dropbox, making it a bit unappealing even if the generous space allotment is nice. You just get a single sync folder that you have to move or copy your files to instead, meaning you have to either keep them in there or have two copies of everything. Blech.The screen is very glossy and can be a little dim (especially with automatic brightness enabled, which will err on that side to save battery power), and can be nearly impossible to make out in bright, direct sunlight. If you're getting a screen protector, one with a matte finish to offset the reflectivity might be a good choice if you're going to be out in direct light much. Indoors it's fine though, and looks fairly nice. Also, the battery power doesn't seem to be living up to the advertised lengths - but the instructions also advise going through several cycles of fully discharging and recharging the battery (after the initial eight hour charge-up), and I've only done this once. Apparently it hits its stride once it's gotten "broken in" this way.I am very new to tablet ownership and have little to no basis of comparison for my experiences. I know so far I've got no real complaints except those minor ones outlined above. Everything works very well otherwise, from the GPS to the Wi-Fi to the software. As well as a similarly priced tablet? I can't say. But I've richly enjoyed my ownership experience - and the ability to remote in to my home desktop and effectively carry it around portably via Splashtop has proven to be a massive unexpected bonus. I'm getting the dock soon to extend the battery life and take advantage of that in full.
asus-transformer|Started out researching for a GPS and ended up buying this. Received item on time and in a sturdy box. No damage possible. Worked as advertised straight out of the box. Started it up, downloaded latest updates and flew off to app land. This is a quad processor vs. an Ipad duo processor. This has 32 gig standard storage vs. Ipad's expensive choices. This has expansion capability with SD card and HDMI cable vs. Ipad ...nothing. I was able to take advantage of all this at my nieces' graduation. My brother has the Ipad and Iphone. We both took pics and video. I hooked up my tablet to his HDTV and we all shared the memories. He can't do that. The pics and video I took also went on SD card that was past around and copied. He couldn't do that. King of the party. Oh yeah!The GPS capabilities are fantastic. REAL GPS. Hiking, travel, and nautical. I checked the GPS on the second day and, I know this sounds made up because during my research I came across these same statements myself, but it did find a shortcut where I did not know one existed. Shaved off at least a mile and a half. With the right apps and maps this will save you $150 for the GPS alone. So the question, "what can it do for me"?... Well, there is an assistant app that you can download for free,( I named her Emma because I made her British). ask for a recipe, the location of local stores that sell the ingredients, navigate to said store and she'll even tell you a joke. A 100 times better than my brothers SIRI. ( My brother did not demonstrate SIRI at all) Enjoy!
asus-transformer|I just got my tablet today and I must say I'm really pleased. We also have the Prime in our household so I was able to compare both side by side.I ran several speed tests from different locations inside and outside(30-45ft) our house. The Tf300 was superior in all aspects when it came to wifi strength, especially at further distances. Needless to say the GPS was better as well.You can definitely notice a difference in the screen resolution, the TF300 is not as sharp on the colors. Even though it doesn't have the super ips mode its still really bright(I would say as bright as the prime) if you turn the brightness all the way up.I haven't done any updates yet but it hasn't had any hiccups and no signs of color bleed like some other users are complaining about.Picture quality seems about the same(even the I miss the flash)I was originally skeptical about the plastic finish but I was surprised by its clean finish and look.Even though I don't use the speakers much I noticed its stronger than the prime's.
asus-transformer|I really liked this tablet. It was fast, the price was right, the keyboard dock was interesting, but I returned all three. Tablet one had a stuck-on pixel close to the center of the screen. Tablet two appeared to have a foreign object stuck under the glass of the screen. Tablet three had a dead pixel near the center of the screen. Not good when one of the touted features is the display. I've always gathered that Asus was among the leaders in the Android tablet game, so I'm rather disappointed. I suppose I can try the Transformer Infinity when it comes out or the Google tablet that is rumored to be made by Asus and hope this is a problem with this particular model. Unfortunately, there isn't much comparable by other manufacturers and Asus is one of the only manufacturers making high performance Android tablets...I guess we'll see what happens.Come on, Asus, you can do better. A $390 product should be right.
asus-transformer|Honestly I am a little surprised at the negative reviews. This tablet is amazing. Yes the back is plastic but honestly it is a pretty sturdy plastic. The people that are complaining about it being flimsy and being able to see the pressure on the screen when you press on the back are completely insane. Can you see the stress on the screen when you press on the back...yes but you have to really bend and push pretty damn hard on the tablet(I mean you purposely have to try to snap the tablet in half). Does this happen on 90% of laptops when you press on the monitor...yes, are most laptops made from plastic...yes, but I honestly don't see a people taking issue with that, why should they being taking issue with that on what is essentially a laptop. The screen is bright and vibrant, it is a bit of a fingerprint magnet though. The Wi-fi works great and the tablet is speedy on its transitions and app launches. For $400 you can't beat this tablet. Keep in mind a similar iPad costs $600 for a 32G model for the newest version and is lacking the micro SD slot that allows you to pump this up to 64GB. This tablet has a faster processor, better camera, and more RAM. Does an iPad run a little smoother yes but keep in mind that Apple is extremely strict about the apps and software that they allow on their tablet and they make sure it is all optimized. If it doesn't run well on their tablet, guess what they don't publish it. In comparison Google does not monitor every app to make sure it optimizes their software and tablets. Personally I prefer being able to choose what I want rather than Apple telling me what I can and can't have. If you are looking for a fast tablet that is great on battery life, has minimal bloatware, and you don't feel the need to grip your tablet as hard as you possibly can then this tablet is a great buy.
asus-transformer|I have been researching tablets for awhile. I have looked at the Transformer Prime/Transformer (and the Infinty 700), Acer Iconia 510, Toshiba AT305 and the Galaxy Tab 2 10.1. Each and every tablet has its pros and cons. I have found that the Asus 300 was the one for me. I was impressed with the colors on this device as my initial thoughts they were washed out but when you look at it in a store will bright lights that can happen. Movies played crystal clear and without issues. Music also played well I did download Riptide GP as I wanted to see how the Tegra 3 graphics and I was impressed. Asus could have done a better job with speakers but they sounds fine. I will end up using my headphones anyway if I am listening to music or videos. The camera took nice pictures but I didn't get the tablet for that reason. I have seen people complaining about no led flash, come on we have our wonderful smart phones or digital cameras for that. Can you imagine people taking there tablets to Disney and taking pics with that? I did however have a brief display issue where I did see bars on the lower left side but that only happened once. I have seen reviews complaining about this on another forum but it appears to be a software issue which I know Asus will fix or else Amazon will get alot of returns. If this should happen again and not get fixed before my 30 day return window I will return it.ProsNo light bleeding as I have seen in the Toshiba AT305My external drive connected flawlessly and able to read all files. Copied a 5 gig files in several minutes.Wireless works very well.Plays MP4 files greatThanks to the docking station you don't have to hold the tablet for a long time as I have heard with some people it can get tiresome. Also works great to protect the unit.Browsing worked well but I have seen it "hang up" Not an issue for me.ConsSpeaker placement could have been better but not a show stopper.Browser pauses sometimes but I believe this to be an android issue.Overall I love the unit. for the fact that you have a docking keyboard with battery as this is one of the main selling points for me. I will update further if I have any issues.Why I didn't chose other tablets:From a Toshiba review on Amazon"Toshiba tech support from my limited experience with them is awful. I called about transferring files via the supplied cable and they were no help.I also had an issue using the USB host functionality trying to use an external hard drive and found via their tech support it will only support drives formatted to exFAT, FAT or FAT32. DOES NOT support drives formatted to NTFS."I find that very interesting considering all my drives are NTFS and I don't have a spare to format to exFATI also eliminated the Toshiba due to high cost of 529.00 for a 32gb tablet. In fact I ordered this first but in good conscience however I cancelled it. For that price you can get they Asus 300 with the keyboard as I did.Eliminated the Iconia A510, nice battery life however it does get very warm and $50.00 more than the Asus.Eliminated the Tab 2, nice unit but it was going a step back to dual core and also the Asus was the same price for Tegra 3 Quad and 32bg memory.Eliminated the Prime due to wireless issues and the Transformer due to pricing of $30.00 more you can got the Asus 300.Eliminated the Asus Infinity 700...who knows when the US release will be and also how expensive it will be.
asus-transformer|This is only an initial report, as I've only had the TF300 for about 4 days. At first I was concerned, as when I took it out and started it up for the first time, it hung at the language choice screen. Bummer. But being someone who uses computers often and is aware of their quirks and issues, I simply turned it off, and then back on again. The second time's the charm! Booted perfectly, did a firmware update, and I was off. Entered my email address and it downloaded all the apps I have on my phone automatically. A little weird and creepy, and I certainly didn't want ALL those apps on my tab, but okay.Then I started using it, and can now safely say that I'm falling in love with the little guy. It's very smooth and quite fast in general. Never having used the Prime, I don't really know what I'm missing; and though I'm sure it's faster and has a brighter display, etc... this one's cheaper!It doesn't have a metal housing, but truth be told I think the plastic looks quite nice. It feels good, is easy to hold, and the screen is very nice, if not as bright as the Prime. I can't imagine any issue with the brightness unless I was outside in direct sunlight. Not a concern, at least for me.I dinged the TF300 a star because of the start up issues, and occasionally an app stops responding properly. Whether this is a fault of the machine or the apps themselves, I cannot say. It hasn't bothered me much, as I simply restart apps when they hang and they work just fine. Only a few apps I've found exhibit the behavior, like the Netflix app for instance.Other than these minor glitches, the tab is great. The wifi works very well, a little better than my laptop (my laptop is a few years old) in fact. Web browsing is quite fast (I use Dolphin browser), and once I updated Adobe Flash, flash within web pages works great. I've only watched a couple of HD videos, but everything's pretty smooth. Sound isn't the best (only one speaker), but it does get surprisingly loud for a little thing.Overall, so far I like the TF300 a LOT. It does exactly what I want it to do, and quickly, with only a couple of very minor issues so far. I have ordered the TF300 dock, and will add to the review once I've used them together.***Update***So I've been using the TF300 with the dock for a couple of weeks now. The tablet itself has continued to function as was stated previously, meaning it is for the most part a great joy to use. There is still sometimes lag with browsing and certain apps stop responding very occasionally, but as I've previously stated, this is not so different from any Android phone I've ever used, so it's not all that surprising. Android (especially for tablets) is still really in its infancy and thus I expect a certain level of random behavior, which often is related more to the apps themselves than even the OS, which on its own functions pretty well.As to the dock, it's quite simply wonderful. It adds so much to the functionality and ease of use of the device that it simply cannot be overstated. Even just the additional battery life is a thing of beauty alone, as I now always run the device in performance mode (which helps to cut down on lagginess), and still get good battery life. I own a 12" laptop, and this thing is a dwarf in comparison. It folds up perfectly, fits in a very small space, and is extremely easy to tote around. The keyboard is very responsive, the mouse trackpad works great (though sometimes it takes it a moment to pop up when it comes back from sleep), there are lots of helpful hotkeys, etc, etc. It's awesome.A couple of things to be aware of though:People with large hands beware. Though you should be aware of this before you buy such a device, take care to remember that this is not a full-sized keyboard and people with large hands may have trouble using it. That said, I wear size large gloves, and while it did take a small period of adjustment, I'm now almost as quick typing on it as I am on my laptop. One of the tiny shift keys does give me some grief from time to time, but it's really to be expected.Also it's convenient the trackpad has an on/off button, because when you're typing, you will inevitably run your palm across the pad and create all kinds of annoying issues at random times. This to me was not really a surprise, since I knew how small the keyboard would be, but it's something to be realized before purchasing. But just turn it off when you're in full on typing mode and you'll be fine.So, a few weeks out with my TF300, now with the dock, and I'm loving it. It's one of the most handy devices for media consumption I've ever used. The wifi is very strong, and the thing is really a joy to use in general. I do wish there were a more full-featured office program, as even the one I paid for-- Office Suite Pro-- still leaves a lot to be desired. It's not much better than Polaris, which comes with the TF300. *sigh* So I'll simply wait for updates. Certainly not a fault of the tablet itself.Overall really a wonderful buy and a great product, especially with the dock. Highly recommended.
asus-transformer|This was a mail order item direct from Amazon. Delivery was faster than either of us expected. But even better is the Asus TF300. I was concerned about the comments in some of the reviews regarding the display and display brightness! Man, what a waste of energy, this tablet is perfect. I have owned both the Toshiba Thrive and the Acer Iconia A500. The TF300 beats them hands down. I like the thinness of the unit, the low weight, the incredible bright crisp display, Ice Cream Sandwich already loaded, and the feel of the unit. Touch response is fast and accurate. I was planning to upgrade to the TF700 when it became available, but not anymore. This one is a keeper and the price was right. It took less than an hour to set it up including an "Ice Cream Sandwich" upgrade and a few other downloads. Be sure and check out the TF300 if you are in the market for a tablet. You won't be sorry.
asus-transformer|I currently own an HTC Inspire 4G phone that is rooted and running a custom Android 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich) ROM. ICS breathed new life into my phone with speed, functionality, and a clean interface. So when I started researching my first Android tablet, I wanted it to run ICS right off. Thankfully, Android tablets remain close to stock with regards to the OS user interface and there were already some coming out with ICS pre-installed. ASUS added very minor modifications to the user interface, mostly for settings and for notifications. The changes mesh well with the rest of the OS. Basically, you get as close to the user experience that Google intended with Ice Cream Sandwich.After saying that though, I too replaced the stock launcher with something a little nicer. The stock launcher was fine; very speedy but just wanted a few more features. I run the Nova Launcher on my phone but on the tablet I installed the latest version of the popular Apex Launcher (actually I installed the Pro version since it was available). This gave me the ability to hide applications in the launcher, overlap widgets, etc. I love the fact that Android in general gives you so much customization and freedom of choice.While I have seen many reviews touting the speed of the TF300T, which is true, I have yet to see anyone mention the Google ecosystem. If you are a Google services user (Gmail, Google Docs, Google Calendar, etc.) then you'll get most of those apps working for you right after initial setup. The rest can be installed from the Google Play store such as Google+, Chrome Browser, Google Currents, etc. You also have the ability to sideload apps, such as installing application from the Amazon appstore if you so choose. Just need to change a setting for that.In summary, the hardware, software, and Google ecosystem all come together to provide a very good alternative at a good value to the other "pad" competitor out there.
asus-transformer|I got it from a shop, Worked well, but noticed a dead pixel on the first one. Returned, got a new one, since I was impressed with the tablet at its price point. However, the second one still had a dead pixel. I am sure I wouldn't notice it if I didn't look extremely carefully, and it wasn't much of a problem to me but the hdmi port was misaligned from its socket! Plugging in a micro hdmi cord was a little difficult due to this, and I am sure the port would break off if i did it often. So returned my second tablet too. Clearly there are quality issues with it! I might get one more from another shop as I am impressed with it, but less hopeful of a glitch-free experience. Hopefully I wont have to return the next one!------Update 6/23/2012-------This time I got it from another shop. The build quality was much better, everything aligned and in place. So I quickly bought an expensive screen protector since I was sure I would keep it. But as soon as I restored my account and opened gmail (white background) I noticed a gradient in the "yellowness" or warmth of the screen from top to bottom! I would have been fine if the color was washed out like the bottom or bright white like the top, but the gradient just annoyed me. So that one goes back too! And I don't think I would get another one from Asus. Enough for me!
asus-transformer|ASUS has very poor customer support (pretty much limited to what you can investigate & find in FAQs). If FAQs don't work, you have to find either a friend or consultant who know the product and Android very well. I don't have a friend or consultant who can step in and answer questions, so I'm out of luck. A few of the problems are: the VPN doesn't work, neither does the bluetooth. Tried two Bluetooth devices,phone (android 2.2 - Samsung galaxyS) & keyboard (for android 3.0+), neither work. That just for starters. BTW, poor customer support means you cannot talk to human, chat doesn't work (waited 45 minutes with "all our customer support engineers are busy" on the screen, then it finally just disconnected. The only other option is e-mail. The web site states that a support person will get back within 48 hrs. It's been 42 and no response. And what happens if the e-mail response doesn't answer your question? Right, another 48 hrs., maybe. Just bought it a week ago and it's getting close return the product time.
asus-transformer|I have a chance use all three Asus 10 inch tablet. Software support are one of the best for a Tech company, for any of their different Gen tablets. I own both the Prime and tf300. Performance out the box is the best with the tf300. After a patch update, Let see real world performance.Connectivity - GPS and Wifi have flawless reception anywhere indoor. GPS of course is better with a clear view of the sky. Wifi never drop or drop as much reception as you to move away from the wireless router like the Prime did. Bluetooth 3.0 connected with my phone, mouse, and Bluetooth speakers with no issue. All because their plastic back now compare to Prime metal back interfere.Screen - Resolution is really good for a mid range tab. It not as good as Amoled or 1080p + screen. Limited to screen brightness next to the Prime IPS +. If you don't use it in direct sunlight you are perfectly fine with most home lighting.Speaker - It mildly loud in living room with TV on. It louder then the Prime. Placement is poor like all tablets on the back panel.Weight and feel - It lighter then all tablets, but not 7 inch tablets, Asus Prime, and Samsung tablets. It do fell heavy with one hand and over time your hand do feel it. Plastic back have nice texture feel and provided more grip for fingers.Processor power - I connected the tab to a TV, Bluetooth mouse, play online music, and surf the web at the same time. It did slow or freeze for a few second at a time. But normal usage is can handle without effect and more efficient then a dual core processor.Price - It a good buy for the MRSP of $400 with free shipping here. If you shop around you can get it close to $360 - $380 for 32gb. Cheaper with 16gb. Even cheap with a dock for under $500 in eBay.Value - For the latest 10inch Android tablets it a great buy. There will be better tabs the coming months, but for more cost. For now I a very happy owner.
asus-transformer|The resolution provides a really fine picture. The Wi Fi is sometimes a bit challenging but maybe that is attributable to the new Android operating system and my familiarity with it. Not a bad deal over all.
asus-transformer|Does everything that it was advertised to perform. Have used it daily, and also use it to support my hot spot while traveling. Love it.
asus-transformer|This was a present for my mother-in-law, who had never used any more complicated than a tape player electronic in her life. We bought it about 6 month ago and have no problems with it.We have chosen this Android tablet over iPad and small laptop for a major reason: you can adjust this tablet to speak any language without paying hundreds of dollars. Plus Android is very intuitive system. My mother-in-law learned it quite quickly (and she is 70+ years old!) and is using it every day now. She cannot imagine her life now without this pad.The other reasons for this particular model were:1. Android 4 system2. Best in class processor and monitor3. overall look - pleasant to touch and use4. good reviews for ASUS productsWe had a chance to compare it to the Samsung Galaxy II tablet, and ASUS definitely working smoother for the same tasks than Samsung. Compare to Galaxy, ASUS pad was not pre-loaded with bunch of company stuff, but rather with some common for Android system programs, quite useful in everyday life. Where were no problems to remove unnecessary soft from the tablet, while Galaxy was pre-loaded with rard to uninstall Samsung junk.Both tablets were used by kids to heavily play state of the art android games and we have seen some glitches on Samsung, but not on ASUS pad.TF300 has 32Gb installed memory and a slot for 64gB card, making it as a perfect replacement for a budjet desktop with almost 100gb memory: checking emails, reading news, surfing internet, editing photos, playing games, watching stream shows are flawless. The only thing it is not quite good at is making photos - the camera does not have flashlight, so photos are often gloomy. However, it is not the major intended use of this pad.As soon as Android 4.2 was released, this pad showed a message about available system update. I believe it has now the newest Android system, without any delays from the hardware manufacturer, as it have been reported by users of other tablets, made by other companies.
asus-transformer|I have see many review and decide the purchase this tablet for general use to replace my laptop for general use. For the kid to play game and serf Internet, and for me loading picture and she off the family and watch movie.Pro: it is a great value, with a 1280 x 800 pix screen and 1.2GHz tegra 3 processor and a micro SD (max at 32GB) made store large file easy. Asus just upgrade to android jelly bean (newest OS on market). Great batteries life (with full brightness and sound play game lasted 4 hr). Display is bright to use both indoor and out door.Con: the software is not smooth as I pad, and there is a half sec delay from time to time when running app or typing. Auto brightness of display lack of adjustment setting(display become a bit hard to read in dark). Most of all I have been experience Asus task manager crashing and the current app show down.Over all, great buy as a tablet, can customize lots of setting expand storage easily. Do wish Asus make the software adjustment make it more stable to use. The great for the family and all age.
asus-transformer|This tablet exceeded my expectations. Photos are displayed in vivid colors and are very crisp - better than I expected.E-mails and web browsing are fast via wifi. No issues. I recommend it.
asus-transformer|I have received this product within the first two weeks of release and have updated the software as updates became available.I never write reviews for purchases, but the number of system crashes I've seen combined with my keyboard dock no longer functioning has compelled me to post a review as a warning for others.GOOD:-from a user's point of view, the performance is good. Apps run quickly and the graphics/screen transitions in Android seem pretty snappy. ON PAR with my galaxy S2 phone.-price is decent-runs latest Android version-graphics are great, (thanks to Tegra3)-docking station WAS goodBAD:-apps constantly crash. I am furious that I can not rely on this device for tasks that are critical for work or school. I am not talking about just app crashing, but for some reason apps cause the whole system to reboot. This happens for multiple apps, which is why I suspect the problem is NOT the applications.The crashing needs to be fixed. I have seen NONE of these types of crashes on my galaxy S2.-I understand this is a review for the tablet, but my keyboard dock has stopped functioning. None of the keys work and is now rendered absolutely useless.-Android is pretty much stock. If you compare this to any Galaxy or Sony phone/tablet, you'll find some extra flare/widgets/apps added to the OS.Conclusion: I'm torn whether or not to even RMA this device. Should I risk putting myself through more headaches or just go ahead and get myself a different tablet. I expected much more from Asus.
asus-transformer|I did a lot of reading before I decided on what type of tablet that I wanted to invest in for my first one. The android operating system is really simple and I love the widgets. I also like that the tablet can be customized a lot to fit the needs/ wants of the user. I am very satisfied with the tablet and would have no problem getting another like it.
asus-transformer|WHAT I LOVE:- Quad core processor. Great graphics rendering capabilities.- Expandable memory via microSD card.- Large internal 32GB memory.- Asus kept the software almost identical to vanilla Android 4.1. Only difference is it comes with bloatware, but menus styles are not changed.- The amazing cheap price! (I got mine for around $270).WHAT I DISLIKE:- Resolution is listed as subpar compared with the top-of-the-line tablets out there. However, I couldn't really notice a difference via the naked eye.- Android does not have a great app for taking notes during lecture. ezPDF works for the most part, but there isn't anything as close to Notability on the iPad.Absolutely love this tablet. Would definitely pick it over an iPad. With respect to this versus the Transformer Prime or the TF700, I think those two come with overpriced frills that won't really affect your everyday use. This tablet handles more than enough, but at a fraction of the cost.
asus-transformer|These Asus transformer tablets are the best for the price! The whole family has 1 and we all LOVE them! They are great for using in place of waiting to boot up the computer. We use them as readers (they are a little on the heavy side for this, admittedly), for quick info look up such as gaming or IMDB, entertainment and it is so easy since we have android phones. I highly recommend them to anybody looking for a tablet.
asus-transformer|I researched tablets before making this purchase. I was looking at an iPad but read about compatibility issues with other platforms and I do not have any other "i" products. I will purchase the keyboard (or get it for Christmas) - that was another reason I chose this model. This is a "fun" purchase for me, not a work necessity, so I had to be concious of the price. I don't have a laptop so it is great to sit on the couch and research or check facebook. It was a bit challenging to find a case for it, "i" products have cool colors and options, my case is basic black, blaaa. If you can get passed the lack of cool covers it is a good buy.
asus-transformer|I've been looking for a long time for an inexpensive device that would allow me to use it for both business (I am a CPA) and pleasure. I am a heavy Google Apps/Cloud user. I started with an iPad, which was fine for entertainment but not for business. Then, I tried a Chromebook, which was better for business but still had citrix connection issues trying to use a legacy receiver. I couldn't connect to my cloud because the device doesn't work with ICA files. Next, we bought a Fire. Great for reading and light entertainment, but still not for business. Next, I ordered a Samsung Galaxy 2 7.0. Tried that for a few weeks and then returned it for the Asus. The bloatwear drove me crazy, and the screen was really too small for my purposes. Now, the Asus. It's done everything I asked of it. I can connect to the cloud and run ICA files, Google Apps is no problem. It charges fast and the battery life is more than good enough. I like the display, better than the Galaxy and again, more than good enough for me. I know you can spend a lot more for a tablet, but I'm not sure why someone would. Maybe for more standardized connectivity?The device will bog down if too many apps are running. I use the task manager to kill apps every now and then to speed it up. I'm also switching back and forth between using Chrome Beta and Dolphin. Right now, Dolphin wins, the Chrome Beta crashes too often. I don't think I've ever had the device lock up on me. After the last firmware update, I did a cold reset (not factory), and haven't had any issues with it since the OTA update.The fifth star I held back on, because I think the OS still leaves room for improvement. I wish it were faster at times, and I get a lot of hangups using the browers.For the price, I'd have a hard time finding a better device. I really do love it.
asus-transformer|I have owned the TF300 for a week now and I reserve the right to revise my review if my opinion changes.I find the Asus Transformer TF300 to be a very nice tablet in both quality of build and speed of use and outstanding in features.I have been shopping for a tablet for the last 3 months educating myself online on specs and reading reviews. I have been going to stores and playing with different brands often, both Android and The New iPad giving equal consideration to both formats.I decided on the TF300 after researching both the specs and reviews. It seems most of the problems the TF Prime has had have been fixed with the TF300 and honestly I don't care if it has a metal back or a plastic one. I find the overall feel of the plastic back on the TF300 to be just as pleasant of that of the TF Prime and no more pleasing or displeasing than that of the new iPad perhaps even easier to grip. I did think the display on the iPad looked better than that of either the TF201 or the TF300 but not so much I would spend a few hundred more for the iPad. The graphics on the TF300T look fantastic inferior display or not and it is after all a tablet, its not a HDTV not even a laptop with a good display, it's a tablet and I'm a most bang for your buck kind of guy and the Tf300 has a lot of bang for the buck at $399 for the 32g version. I charged mine up when I brought it home and 5 days later with moderate in home usage, watching a few movies just because I could, using it as a remote for my TiVo, playing some games and doing a lot of internet searching the battery is still at 50% with it set to balanced usage. I'm waiting for the battery to drain so I can charge it back up a few more times. Its instruction indicates that the battery doesn't take a full charge until the tablet has been charged and fully discharged a few times. Once the battery is at full capacity with how I use it it may go 2 full weeks between charges, and this before I have used it with its dock which should extend its battery life much longer.The ICS OS is lightning fast, the tablet was very easy to set up even more so I think because I already use an Android smart phone. I chose the TF300 over the New iPad mainly because of price and secondly because I do not like being tied to iTunes and I would have been unless I would jailbreak the iPad voiding its warranty, granted from what I have read apple has hundreds of thousands more apps then does the android play store but I'm not going to download hundreds of thousands of apps and with the ones I have so far I have had no problem finding them for tablets. The few that are meant for cell phones have not been graphic intensive that its going to matter. I'm sure all the ipads are outstanding products and I'm still way inside the return period of my TF300, if it gives me any crap I may just take it back and give a New iPad a spin for my money but so far so good and with the BB extended warranty I have it should stay good to go for some time to come.
asus-transformer|First off, this is an amazing tablet. So far, it has had no problems with anything I throw at it. All apps and games run fast and fluid. Battery life lasts me a day under normal use. The speaker sounds great for what it is, and the rear camera does take pretty decent pictures (feels very similar to the one on the HTC Incredible 2). The plastic is very solid, and so is the screen. Touch is responsive and accurate. So far, it plays the 1080p videos I have without any hiccups. USB drives and hard drives work well with a USB to ASUS adapter, and the included file manager is actually pretty nice! GPS works well! Using the "Pre-Cache" feature of Google Maps, I was able to navigate around Oregon for a bit. Wifi reception is strong, even when connecting to my phone's hotspot.ASUS has unlocked the bootloader of this device. Here's hoping for other flavors of Linux being written for this device!For the price, it is one of the best tablets you can buy on the market right now.Issues: When the screen brightness is darkened to less than 50%, it tends to flicker. Also, there is some light bleeding around the edges (however, that never really bothered me). Lastly, the screen picks up fingerprints and smudges like none other!As for the software, it sometimes hangs up on programs (though I feel that is the developers' fault), and every so often when I turn it on, it appears to have fully shut down. When paired to a Bluetooth keyboard, it sometimes does not stay in sync when the device is woken up, requiring the device and the keyboard to have their Bluetooth turned off then back on. It gets even worse when you have multiple Bluetooth devices connected.I personally do not like the texture on the back. The ridges are too close together and feel like the stuff that makes images change on paper, which might be an issue for those who have tactile feedback issues.I was told the front facing camera quality is lacking when I was in a Skype conversation with a friend.I very much dislike the use of a proprietary dock connector. Almost made me decide on a different device.
asus-transformer|This is a rather impressive tablet. The Tegra 3 processor rocks in it handling anything I've tried on it even in the maximum power-savings mode. The screen is beautiful and bright. It might not be as impressive as the newest iPad screens, but it is still a beautiful screen. Headphones jack, micro SD card slot, and micro HDMI connections round up the most commonly needed connections/ports for a tablet. The sound is rather impressive as well for a compact device, and is by far better than any audio I've heard come out of a laptop let alone something smaller.Battery life is great. My niece and nephew played Angry Birds in Space and some other games draining 50-60% of the battery over the course of 4-5 hours over the weekend. The claims of 8hrs or more for playing videos or music seems very likely, as the games kept the screen on like a video but also required more processing power to run than a video. Playing music with the screen off should result in a much longer playtime.Love Android 4 (AKA Ice Cream Sandwich), which backups settings such as wireless connection passwords to your Google account. I have Android 4 on my phone, which I've connected to various wireless connections at work, home, friend's and family houses. Those wireless connections were restored onto my ASUS Tranformer TF300 shortly after enabling my Google account on it, which was very nice. It also downloaded all of my apps and games (both purchased and free) on my phone, such as Pandora and World of Goo.The only real downfall to this tablet is the special connector it uses for the USB and charging cable, along with requiring more power than a standard USB port provides to charge (in any reasonable amount of time and while on). I think they could have fit an actual micro-USB port on one of the sides, but I imagine the micro-USB port isn't rated for the power needed to charge it.
asus-transformer|Pros:-Shipped with Android 4.0 ICS-Price-Optional keyboard dock (gives you full size USB and SD)-Textured back is easy to grip and helps it feel solid (for being plastic)Cons:-Its plastic and the grooves on the back show scratches easily-Proprietary 30 pin connectorThe IPS display looks great and the over all performance is very snappy and responsive. I haven't noticed it have any screen bleed ***Edit- started noticing screen bleed a week or two after use, I blame the plastic case***. I like how the tablet feels when I'm holding it, the grooved texture grips well and plastic feels sturdy. It did slide off my bed and scrape the bed frame leaving a nice scuff on it though. Asus didn't mess much with the lovely Android 4.0 experience, so it's coupling up with my Galaxy Nexus quite well. They added some items to the notification bar and put a few of their apps on it, but that's about it. It's a bummer that they couldn't make due with a more standard connector, but I understand that micro USB probably wouldn't have worked so well for the dock.Since the first time I saw the original Transformer I was very curious at how well the keyboard dock would work and whether or not it would be more beneficial or detrimental to the product. I feel like Asus has worked a lot of the kinks out and did a good job with the integration. I've really considered the Transformer Prime since it started getting the ICS update, but at the same price as an iPad, couldn't quite justify it. But, this more budget friendly TF300T is a good compromise to the Prime with it still having a Tegra 3 and 1GB of RAM.My perspective, in looking for a tablet, is mostly that it is a toy and that's why it's taken me 2 years to finally purchase one. This tablet offers a few features (through the keyboard dock) that make it more versatile than others. The keyboard dock essentially makes it an Anroid running netbook, complete with a full size USB port and SD slot. I can upload pictures from my camera, use USB keyboards and mice, and access files off of flash drive (even office files with Polaris Office). Now my tablet is a tool and not a toy!I'm an IT tech/sysadmin type and when I carry the on call phone I can connect to my office VPN and remote desktop to my workstation to reset passwords, update file permissions, or do any number of remote support services. I've also tested the navigation and found the GPS to be rather accurate and usable while driving.I spent around $515 on the TF300T and the keyboard dock, so $16 more than the Prime or the low end "New" iPad (though Amazon is showing the 16GB iPad for $550 today). This is basically the Prime with some budget parts (IPS and not IPS+ screen, etc.), I don't have little plug adapters to lose, I have a battery extending keyboard and it all comes in a stylish little package. I'm very happy with my TF300T!Update (1 month of ownership) - as noted above, screen bleed started to appear after a week or two of use, I considered returning it, but it is only noticeable in the dark and the reason it is less expensive than the Prime is due to more inexpensive components, ie plastic case. I considered returning it to get a Nexus 7, but I love the keyboard dock and the Nexus 7 doesn't have one!
asus-transformer|I used to be reluctant to buy a tablet when their industry took off some years ago; I even made fun of the iPad and fellow tablets that followed, calling them "oversized pieces of junk". However, time and sporadic use of my friends' pads have changed my mind. And after a thorough research on the current tablet market, I decided to buy the ASUS Transformer TF300. The tablet has several improvements over the prior Transformer Prime version. In a nutshell, it features a much better Internet connectivity and better placed accesory jacks as upgrades on its predecessor. It lost the nice metal back plate and some speed and graphics power, but these minor downgrades came with a significant reduction in price for the tablet, which, at the time of this review, stays at 385 USD. If you are looking for a highly capable, sleek-looking tablet for less than 400 dollars, I would advice to look no further. If you planning to use the tablet mainly for reading purposes, I would recommend the Kindle Fire or the Nook instead.
asus-transformer|I've had my TF300 for 10 days now, and it's been working perfectly.here's a list of pros and cons of it based on my personal experience.Pros:- light weight, easy to hold with one hand while reading-micro SD for extra storage-Micro HDMI, which is good for watching movies on your TV- Tegra 3. it's a very fast processor, making your tablet run Ice cream Sandwich without any lag. it's also very nice for gaming.-the speaker is pretty loud and high quality.Cons:- i wish it had stereo speakers, not mono- the browser. in some occasions it just crashes without any notice, very strange. of course you can solve that problem by downloading other browsers from the Play Store.-the screen might be a bit dim if u use it outdoors ( a Matt screen protector might make it better). for me however, the screen is totally fine since I work on my tablet mostly indoors with no intense lighting.final note: TF300 is a very nice tablet and it's very cheap as well ($385 for a super fast tablet). i used to have Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 (the older version), and its performance was not even close to this one. I would totally recommend this tablet to other people.
asus-transformer|I have been using my new Asus TF300T Tablet for about two weeks now. I love it already. I have had zero issues with the tablet or any of the apps I have installed. I say tablet issues, because there have been instances it has taken me some time to figure out certain functions, etc. Basically, the manual and common sense will get you started, but trial and error will be required to understand certain options or techniques, and execution steps. Now I am talking about the included / factory provided apps and settings, not market or third-party downloaded apps. Asus included apps and functions like the Task Manager, accessing Contacts, and Bluetooth devices, etc. The manual just falls short.I am used to products with "quick-start" printed manuals, and using online or text file manuals for finer details, but Asus' manual is not in depth enough in several areas. It doesn't even include any detail about Bluetooth devices (e.g. which ones, which types, compliant standards of devices supported, etc.). I lost two hours trying to use an older Bluetooth headset, to eventually find out it would not support sound from the Music Player and Movie Player, even though the Asus Tablet said it was paired and connected. A newer device (2.1+) did work. Again, more detail / info would have been helpful, however, am I happy with my TF300, YES!I love the tablet, and being two weeks into it, I am running into fewer issues I can not figure out, especially with the help of the Asus forum group. They have been very helpful. If you are in the market for an Android tablet, and can't make up your mind. I was there myslf about three weeks ago, and I can say I am happy with my purchase decision (but am I still going to whine alittle about the manual, you bet).Tablet = 5 Stars Manual = 2 Stars The manual is the reason for the 4-Star rating.
asus-transformer|I got a ViewSonic gTablet a little over a year ago, which was a good tablet for the time. This TF300, though, is much better. In case you, too, are a gTablet owner, here are the main advantages that I see:* Android 4x / ICS. I like ICS. Some of the tablet-designed apps, especially things like gmail or email apps, are much nicer than using the phone versions on a tablet (i.e., 2x/3x based tablets).* Quad core CPU. Things *are* much smoother. The only time I tend to get small glitches/temporary "freezes" are when the drive is being accessed heavily, such as app installation.* Double cameras - front and rear. Skype works great, by the way.* Audio quality - it's a lot better... better bass; the gTablet had a bit of a tinny sound.* Screen - resolution is better I think, or at least seems like it is. Also, the viewing angle is much better than the gTablet.* Docking option - I don't have this yet, but I may upgrade and get the dock as an almost-laptop-replacement (e-mail, facebook...)* Size - it's much thinner.* Soft keys in ICS - the buttons on the gTablet are really hard to see in the dark (or impossible; I ended up doing it from memory of where they are). The only physical buttons on the TF300 are the volume and power controls.* GPS and gyroscope. The gyro makes screen orientation changes much nicer, don't have to shake it to get it to recognize it :)I really don't have many complaints about it. I haven't dropped it, so not sure about the build quality but it feels fine, to me. The power plugin is at the bottom (presumably because of the dock) which is a very minor inconvenience when using this with a acrylic under-cupboard mount. That's really the only disadvantage I can think of. :)I did have some problems with the initial account adding/sign-in; after a firmware update (automatically downloaded and prompted to install), it worked fine. I'm not sure if it was my connection (and the firmware download was causing the "unreliable" connection) or if it's something that was fixed by the firmware... but after the update - which was very easy to install - it works great.
asus-transformer|I previously had a Motorola Xoom which I already gave to my mom. I bought this to replace it and so far it has exceeded my expectations. Performance has been great all the more with the recent updates.Here are a few quirks:1. Build quality isn't stellar but it's not as bad as what others have been saying. It's ok for me.2. I have a dust speck under glass over the LCD which at first I though was a dead pixel but a closer look reveals otherwise. It's not that noticeable so I'm not really fussing about all that much.3. I see bright spots at the bottom middle of the screen when holding the device there or when it's docked, leaning back. Only visible in white/light screens especially in browsers or word editors. I think something is catching the backlight when the screen flexes when held/docked.But overall, this device is just a joy to use and I would recommend it to anyone wanting an Android tablet on a budget. Otherwise, you just wait for the Infinity to come out.
asus-transformer|I had an iPad and as I don't like the iOS system, because I always used Android smartphone, I decided to try out an Android tablet also. Goodbye iPad! And I believe that the TF300T was the best choice. Unfortunately he does not have a standard USB port and yes a proprietary connector.
asus-transformer|I'm still waiting for the tf700 to come out, but as it's taking so long I bought this in the mean time. When you compare it side by side to the tf201 it feels cheaper, and looks like the poor cousin to the tf201, but in saying that, this one actually works. The wifi has better reception than my Galaxy phone, so Asus have definitely fixed that issue.The screen is actually rather good. Its not as bright or crisp as the 201 (or the 700 when ever it comes out), but unless you have the two side by side, you seriously can't tell. There is no reason to bag this thing for its screen. Yes, some tablets have better ones - and some have worse too.The plastic back looks and feels a little cheap, but then again it is quite cheap. I guess they had to reduce costs somewhere. But unless you're comparing it directly to the 201, again, you won't really notice it.The functionality is as good as any tablet I've used. There is an issue with the browser crashing occasionally, and I've downloaded 3 browsers and they all do it occasionally. I really feel this is an ICS issue, not Asus. Hopefully updates will solve what is only a minor issue. Android really is going from strength to strength, but its not perfect yet.I seem to get about 6 hours out of the battery, which is reasonable. That's mostly web and email use. I don't have the patience for playing video games, so I can't help you there regarding its performance.The best thing Asus did was to put a micro SD slot in it (although a full size slot would have been nicer as a companion to a camera while out in the field). It seems Asus is the only manufacturer who actually make a usable tablet for the real world, rather than following the Steve Jobs school of design which seems to be to make sure the purchaser never has any control over their device, or what goes on it.I bought this on Amazon, half expecting to send it back due to all the negative reviews. But it seems that apart from a few quality control issues, Asus have done a good job. I guessing the Apple fan-boys are alive and well (and active) in the 1 star review section.I've now ordered the SD card reader (come on Asus, give us a full sized slot next time), USB reader, and a spare charger as this thing is with me more often when I travel than my computer. I'm also questioning my desire to purchase the 700 when it comes out. I like my toys, but I fail to see how it could be 300 dollars better than the 300 is. I might just buy another one of these instead.(Typed on my tf300.......with out the browser crashing)
asus-transformer|I got the tablet from Amazon, and so far, I am very satisfied.My wife was suggesting me to buy an IPAD, butI like Android which gives more control to users.My officemate has a new IPAD, and just did a simple comparison, it seemsto be quite similar, but mine is $200 less.
asus-transformer|I have an embarrassing number of tablets, so I have lots of comparisons to make with this tablet. It holds up very well. The design and build are both very good. It feels light and thin for its size. Some reviewers have commented on the slight lack of color depth in the screen, but I was able to adjust it to my complete satisfaction. Asus makes great products for their price point, and this one qualifies, with the exception of the join of the back and front. This could have been engineered better, though mechanically, it's fine. I have other Android tablets, most notably the Motorola Xoom, which was billed as a premium tablet when it came out, and it is. The Asus is not quite there in perception of quality, but it is easier to use than the Xoom by a good margin. Part of that is the fact that the Asus has the new Android ICS OS, and part of it is that I prefer the Asus UI over the Xoom's (also, the volume buttons on the Xoom might be the industry's worst). However, one of the main reasons I got this tablet was its upgrade to the Ice Cream Sandwich OS, and with the exception of the ability to make folders and thereby only needing one screen for all of my apps (I always have many more than I need), I'm NOT impressed with that new operating system. Really don't get what the big deal was. The same can be said for the difference between, say, the UI overlay and older versions of the Android OS on the Amazon Fire and the counterparts of those on the Xoom which had the previous "big story" for Android. I know this review is about the Asus, but I want to say that I own 4 android tablet devices using various Android operating systems and user interfaces, and of those the best, easiest to use, most enjoyable combination is the one on the Amazon Fire. If you want a 7" tablet that is the tablet to buy. That, however, is not a knock on this tablet, and for the money, I think this Asus is the 10" Android tablet to buy. My only other complaint with the Asus is that the two main installed widgets, while resizable to an extent, are still HUGE after making them as small as I could.Would I buy this tablet again? Absolutely.
asus-transformer|I had a Viewsonic G Tablet that I'd cracked and loaded a decent OS. It mostly worked, but not always, and not as fast as I'd have preferred, and it took a lot of tweaking. Last week I gave up on it and popped for the ASUS TF300 - I'm so glad I did.The Tegra3 chip in it is fast. Ice Cream Sandwich (Android 4.0) is excellent. It was a toss-up between this and the ASUS Prime, with the metal case, but the Prime seems to have problems with the GPS and WiFi signal. I guess that metal case blocks out the signal. The display isn't quite as nice as the Prime, but I'll sacrifice a little in the display department to get GPS without the dongle, and WiFi that doesn't fade out when I move more than 5 feet from the router. For the way I use it, it's perfect. It plays all my movies, it plays all my games, it's light, portable, and the battery life is great. ASUS can be a little hot-or-miss on full assemblies (they made some really stupid decisions on my GX-74 laptop, for example), but this one is a solid win. The best processor, decent memory, expandability, and at a price point that doesn't make my checkbook cry.Update for the new (4.3) version of the OS: It found and applied version 4.3 of the operating system a few days ago. I waited a few days to update this review, to see if any problems cropped up. Nope! And I love it even more. Switching between the screens is faster, smoother, and more seamless. The whole operation is much faster. The only glitch in the upgrade is that my weather app went back to the default (metric) settings, so it was telling me the temperature was 19 degrees. I changed it back and all is well.
asus-transformer|This product is fairly decent. I bought it in place of a laptop to make school easier since it is light and easily stored in a book bag. Unfortunately, I have had a few problems with it. For example, I have had many problems with it having programs and applications stop working, or I have had times where I am unable to select things on it. I also, after just a few weeks of ownership, have noticed that the pre-loaded applications take up close to half the memory provided. A real good description for it is that this device is everything a Android smart phone is, minus the calling and texting. If I had known it was going to be like this, I personally would not have purchased it. Over all, the price of this tablet and the matching keyboard came to just barely $100 less than the laptop I was considering. This product may be right for someone, but not me since the Android phone I currently have has the same features as this and I really do not need two devices so similar.
asus-transformer|I really wasn't interested in tablets until a colleague showed me his Transformer Prime. The really neat part about it to me is that it has a keyboard dock. The dock protects the screen a little while also recharging the tablet's battery. The keyboard also expands the capacity with removable SD cards and USB mass storage. I can connect my camera directly to my tablet or I can remove the memory card from the camera and insert it into the dock and backup or share them easily without the need to have a laptop. And of course the best part of the keyboard dock is that you have the full screen devoted to your application without a touch keyboard taking up precious screen real estate. Other devices can connect to keyboards via Bluetooth, but then you still need something to hold the tablet up. The keyboard dock does this as well as to recharge the tablet battery!Recently I used the tablet while shopping for a washing machine. The included SuperNote app allowed me to easily intermix photographs, handwriting, typing, and drawings while taking notes of what we liked and didn't like about each unit. I even use this to complement my Kindle Touch when reading books with figures or images that don't display well on e-ink.I would strongly recommend buying this with Multi-Functional Docking Station for ASUS TF300T Tablet, Blue (TF300T-DOCK-BL).
asus-transformer|I can't say how much I love this tablet it's fast quality device with one exception in that Skype video is the very bad!This is a software problem and so I am hopefull that it will be fixed.
asus-transformer|i do not know much about tablets,i am no tech savvy, and for me to be able to use it comfortably, says something. also, price-wise, who can beat 393 bucks (from Amazon= where i get most, if not all of my gadgets, nd ETC) for a 32 GIG tablet.my nephew has the old Transformer and liked it very much nd told me to get ASUS. i waited until the T 300(as i call it), came out. i was an apple user and FAN for a lonnngggggg for Ipods but found out , there are other products whc are competitive in QUALITY but i don't have to pay the big bucks...thank you ASUS and PLEASE don't increase your price. it takes excellent pictures: beach wise, whc is very sunny or even in dark places like a church and sunset pix are pretty good,even the rainbow and the clouds look amazing; i have no problems w/ all my Kindle books....i just love it
asus-transformer|I had been waiting for a tablet with the quad core processor. When the transformer pad 300 came out, I ordered it. The screen resolution is great. The contrast is very good with the blacks being true and not muddy. My only complaint is that I wish it had a quicker start up time when it is turned on. I would recommend it to anyone looking for an Android tablet.
asus-transformer|I had the ASUS TF101 and i had nothing but problems. The power button was having issues and i had problems with the WiFi. Just got the ASUS TF300 and its been great. The power button works awesome, touch screen is sensitive and quick. It has a nifty power manager to allow you to set the performance of the processor, 3 settings Eco, normal and performance. Its really nice, some added features would always be nice but for the price nothing better.
asus-transformer|First, for any who are concerned about ordering this product from Amazon and worried that they may end up with a product containing any of the defects mentioned in previous reviews, I just wanted to say that Amazon's customer service when it comes to doing right by the customer (at least in my experience) has been a hassle-free and surprisingly pleasant and easy process. The original tablet I received had a small defect on the bottom right corner of the screen where a bright white spot (not a dead pixel, much bigger than one pixel, more like a cluster of pixels, maybe one of the LEDs or nits behind the screen?) showed up every time the background color of the screen was white or a light color. It did not appear to impact the overall functioning of the tablet but was disturbing/distracting on a brand-new device. Called Amazon customer service on May 10th, explained the defect, received RMA soon afterward with pre-paid shipping label to return defective unit to Amazon via UPS, and was told that a replacement was being sent out (2-day UPS delivery). Much to my (pleasant) surprise, I received the replacement unit by early afternoon on May 11th, even before I had a chance to drop off the defective unit at a local UPS pick up station to return it to Amazon. After charging the replacement unit, powering it up and going through the initial set up process, I then examined it for any defects (in particular the screen to avoid getting a unit with the same problem as the first unit I received) and much to my relief found no apparent flaws or defects in the workmanship, build quality, or overall functioning of the replacement unit. So, long story short, if you are worried about getting a bad unit, don't worry. Amazon will make things right. I've purchased many items from Amazon over the years and this was my first time ever returning/exchanging an item, so I was naturally concerned about how painful (or not) the process would be when compared to returning items at a brick & mortar retail store. I'm glad it proved to be painless and pleasant, more so than I would have expected.Now onto the product itself.This is my first tablet and I was lured by the affordable price point, quad-core processor, well-designed keyboard dock (which I did get with the tablet in my initial order), large internal storage, and ICS operating system out of the box. I did look into the original Transformer Prime but shied away after reading all the reviews about the problems some owners have had with wireless reception. Realized that the Transformer 700 (Infinity?) is coming out soon/later this year but with its higher price point wasn't sure if it was worth spending so much money for a tablet when I wasn't 100 percent certain if I would be able to integrate it into my work needs and leisure pursuits. I figure if this Transformer 300 works out well, then I can always save up later to upgrade once I know for sure that a tablet can actually be useful for my needs. Because I rarely play games on my existing computers or watch much streaming video, whether I upgrade later to the Transformer 700 will depend wholly on how useful the Transformer 300 can be in my classroom instruction, lesson preparations, and one-on-one conferences with parents and students. Because I've only had this tablet for less than one week, maybe after I've used it for a while I'll come back to update this review to let others know how useful it can be for an educational setting.I did go to a box store to hold, play with, and examine a physical working model of this tablet (the 16GB one at BB) before deciding to purchase it here on Amazon (where the 32GB version was available for the same price as the 16GB version at BB). I was concerned about the screen resolution and quality, especially after hearing about the improved screen resolution for Apple's iPad 3 and the upcoming Transformer Prime 700. But after watching videos and browsing websites using the tablet at BB, decided that the resolution on this tablet, 1280x800, is perfectly fine for my needs. Despite initial misgivings about the plastic back instead of a metal/brushed aluminum back as found on the Prime, I find that it is sturdy enough for everyday use/handling. The volume on the speaker (even though it is mono and not stereo) is sufficiently loud enough and clear enough that it can be heard even in a somewhat noisy environment and is more than sufficient when one is using the tablet in a quiet home environment. Obviously audiophiles (which I am not) may still prefer the sound quality that can be heard when using earphones connected to the 3.5mm headphone jack. The touch screen has been responsive thus far. While the screen is not gorilla glass, it does not feel frail and fragile. Cannot comment on the software & apps yet because I haven't used it much. But I do think one of the niftier features of this tablet is that by signing in with an existing Google account that is also used on one's existing Android phone, by choosing to sync the tablet to the account the apps that one has already installed on one's Android smartphone will automatically be downloaded and installed onto the tablet along with preferences (i.e. bookmarks in the web browser).For the moment, I am pleased with my purchase and look forward to getting to know the various potential uses of this device in an educational setting. If after a while I notice any software or hardware issues that would result in me regretting this purchase or wanting to take points off the overall rating for this device, I will then post an update explaining the situation. For now, I think it's an amazing device and think anyone interested in getting a moderately priced tablet with pretty good standard features should definitely check it out for consideration before making a decision on what to ultimately get for themselves.
asus-transformer|I bought a ASUS t101 and loved it for the three weeks I had it. Found out that the new t300 came out and Best Buy policy is to take it back and swap for new one if less than 30 days. Both my friend and I bought original at same time so we both traded in...thanks BB!They even gave us $30 back since the new one was on sale!The new one has some differences. Quad core vs. duo core is main one but also now has 8mp full 1080p HI DEF video capability (old was 5mp 740p video) both taking and sending to your monitor. I never tried to see if the old keyboard would work on the new one...the new one is a bit different...has one USB port instead of two (negative). Still has full size SDHC card slot on keyboard (yeah) and a Micro SDHC slot on the tablet (big time yeah). It now has a micro HDMI connection on the keyboard instead of the mini HDMI. on the t101. The micro is more available due to its being used by movie camcorders so a positive. Screen is still gorgeous and output to any big monitor through HDMI is outstanding...I use it for astronomy lectures. You can also get a HDMI to SVGA for those older commputer projectors/monitors. The screen format is wide screen so a better match to modern TVs and monitors than the Apple 4x5 format. Love the small size...easy to carry around instead of my big laptop. Battery life is still around 10 hours tablet and 15 hours with keyboard attached (battery in each) running 740p HD movies with wifi and blue tooth off. Beats my HP laptop which with a extra large battery gets about 5 hours.The wifi performance is fine...they use a plastic case so no issues with metal case killing the wifi or blue tooth . I tested in real world use alongside my two HP laptops Pavilion DV6s Win7 64 bit....the ASUS t300 just slightly beat both on distance from router which was in my basement and computers were on next floor up...through wooden floor and a couple of walls.. That was a worry as the previous fancier version called the Transformer Prime had a major issue with limited wifi distance due to a metal case.Quad core does make a difference in processor intensive apps like Sky Safari and SKEye but it isn't like night and day. I have used Ipads and frankly the addition of the keyboard, quad core and ease of memory expansion puts the ASUS ahead. I also love that I can take my 500GB USB hard disk and use it interchangeably on both my Win7 64 bit machines and the ASUS. Using the included program you can read and right in Word and Excel to swap back and forth. I can also use a flash drive to exchange data.I also love having option of tablet standard operation or keyboard WITH mousepad. My friend prefers a standard mouse and can use his USB mouse no problem. Tablet locks to keyboard so no danger of it falling out like another brand I tried.Only reason for 4 stars instead of 5....wish it had a user replaceable battery...same issue with Ipads. And like all laptops.. Wish it had red backlit key letters for low light/dark conditionsBy the way it does support AD HOC wifi which is necessary for me so I can use a SKY FI device to connect wirelessly to my telescopes and operate them remotely...works flawlessly. Rooting is not necessary. The Android version of Sky Safari is identical to Apple version and works perfectly...my main reason for getting the ASUS. Beware that some Android brands do NOT allow use of the Sky Fi due to the AD HOC issue.There are probably a million apps for Android...I like idea of not being tied to Itunes and the open architecture has advantages.In short a most amazing product.
asus-transformer|I too am a bit disappointed with mine. Got mine at BB to try before I order for real from Amazon. Was really expecting a great experience with quad-core and ICS. WiFi is good but many web pages "hang" on loading and you get the wait / close box. Pushing the wait usually makes them available quickly.Color rendition is mediocre. I have a color calibrated desktop system that I use for PhotoShop CS and the photos that I loaded to the tablet from my PC show washed out compared to my desktop, although I can tolerate it to some extent as I will just be using the tablet primarily for field storage. A software fix could be done to let us custom change the color temperature and contrast if we choose rather than just one setting. Using a Class 6 microSD card for external storage and the tablet takes a LOT of time to complete the image load from the card to the screen. Expected a faster load time from a quad-core processor, but again, I can tolerate it as they are large .jpg files.Polaris Office, while nice, does not load properly on my tablet. When it comes up, it shows a screen very similar to file manager, not the screen that I have seen in reviews where it comes up to a choice between word/xcel/power point programs. I can get to them from the "file manager" with several "clicks" but I have tried other tablets where a different screen comes up. Don't know if it is just the version that I have (3.0 where a galaxy tab that I tried out this afternoon had 4.0). Won't really use it that much but would be nice to have it correct and can find no way of changing the boot up sequence of the program.Screen is a total FINGERPRINT MAGNET. Possibly the worst I have seen in a tablet. Have had the Thrive and Galaxy Tab for myself and my wife has an iPad2 (the cleanest for fingerprints I might add)While I am far and away NOT an Apple fanboy, I am impressed with the iPad2 in that it will load websites faster (tested with the wife on same sites), the build quality is much better and whatever the coating is on their glass, it is great. All that being said, I hate not being able to move files the way I want to, not the way Apple demands that I have to and I also do not want to have to be tethered to iTunes.One other gripe, and it is common with Android, why can we not get a music player that will allow uploading of playlists. I despise having to upload music and then have to manually create playlists and even then it is a 50-50 shot as to whether Android will properly recognize them correctly. Easier on the tablet than the phone but still a pain.Was really shocked to see that all of the ASUS/Android operating system and preloaded software was taking up in excess of 3gb of space.In closing, I do like the Asus tf300 but it is not the "great experience" that I was expecting. I am really going to have to think long and hard about whether I am going to go ahead and purchase for my final use.
asus-transformer|I love my tablet - it does not replace my laptop, but its portability and features are what I was looking for in a tablet. I have used ASUS motherboards for 15 years and their quality is on note. There was no reason to expect something less for tablets. Some of the "downgrades" I read from the Prime that on-line reviewers mention are not that pertinent in my opinion. The rear camera doesn't need a flash, because as we all know, phone/tablet flashes (lights) are only good for about five feet and if the back feels like plastic, because it is, does not make it cheaper - you guys ever look at a dell or any other laptop. Graphics are great, games are cool and lifetime 8GB cloud is nice. Would have liked full size USB port, but adapter will suffice. If you want a RDC without having to load it on your desktops, use Xtralogic; I can remote over network with ease. Now if I can only get it out of my kid and wife hands...
asus-transformer|I am not much of an authority.This is the only tablet with which I have experience (basically, it's one in a row).It slices, it dices, it makes Julian fries.From what I can tell, it does what it is supposed to do.I didn't go 3G-4G, just WIFI.The tablet functions just about like my smartphone - but, with a bigger screen.It's running Google/Chrome/Android 4.sumthun.Every couple of daze, it updates.It supports a lot of the apps on my phone, not all of'm.A couple of the phone apps don't upscale to the larger screen - quite a bit of pixelation.Some can't figure out landscape.The screen is good.Streaming video is fine.Sound is so, so.I picked up the docking keyboard.I don't have to screen type.The extra battery life comes in handy.Some apps don't seem to understand commands from the keyboard - or, pointer mouse commands.They still work from the touch screen.Nothing has cracked.Nothing has overheated.Nothing has locked up.There is definitely a lot of settling out going on.The firmware is changing.The apps are trying to keep up.Adobe Flash Player isn't playing nice with any Android versions past 3.?..I figure that is "has" to be better than a MicroSloth Circus running WinWoes Ape.
asus-transformer|Received my ASUS transformer pad 300 a few days ago, and this is an update to my original review.After a few days of use, I've raised the rating to five stars. I bought the keyboard separately and love its build quality and features. The HDMI to television works perfectly, playing a movie from USB or micro SD card is incredibly fast and simple. The wifi and gps work perfectly, the screen is responsive to touch and all of the apps I have tried work as advertised. At first I was appalled to find how easily I got fingerprint marks all over the screen, but then I started using a stylus, and no more problem. I did have a brief scare that caused me to give an initial three star rating to the product. After about eight hours of use, I experienced flickering along the left edge of the screen and movement in the bar at the bottom of the screen. Many other ASUS owners had experienced and reported this same problem on the web. Thankfully, this happened one time, and that was it. ASUS has pushed a firmware update that appears to have resolved that problem (which was pretty minor to begin with). The more I use the machine, the more I love it.
asus-transformer|I really wanted an Apple Ipad. Its quick, sleek, stylish and Itunes organizes all my music in an intuitive, reliable way. However I found myself shifting to the Android because of the freedom it offers. Download literally anything from online without having to use a costly app store, drag and drop files on the go to/from ANY computer you connect to, etc. Im using this to view PDFs and Word documents, browse the internet and watch movies/pictures and listen to music. Id have to say this device makes the most compelling case not to have to go mac. Its perhaps a millisecond behind the mark of the apple iPad 3 but its still nearly seamless and works much quicker than many of the other tablets.Hardware is all good. Nothing to brag about but altogether it puts a respectable offering that wont necessarily have you wishing for something better. Couple all that with a very good price point of under 400 and its a great deal.Pros:Good specs, respectable hardwareAndroid freedom/user interface, (MicroSD expandable to 96gigs with a 64gb microsd card SanDisk 64GB Mobile Ultra MicroSDXC Class 6 Memory Card with SD Adapter - Retail PackagingBattery Life (up to 10 hours: heavy use still gives you a clean 8 hours)Wifi! (unlike what ive heard about the Prime this is great)Cheap accesoriesLight, Build quality is good for a plastic tablet!Cons:Build quality second only to IpadOnly charges with wall charger, charges exxtremely slow while in use with the wall charger as wellNot a huge offering of accesories anywayAndroid Apps still no match against Apple AppsEx: Facebook is not as streamlined an App as the Ipad Facebook app.Ipad 32gb = $600 (64max for min $700)TF300(32gb) = $400 (up to 96gb w/ MicroSD for &lt; $500)You can always wait til the Ipad 4...5....6... comes out. It might be a millimeter thinner and allow a few more freedoms for a few extra hundred but if you need a tablet for practical purposes and need it now, dont think twice. Unless youre die hard Apple, need ur "apps" or buy music primarily through Itunes...the TF300 is a great alternative even when compared to the other Android tablets.UPDATE:So I also purchased the Ipad 64 to compare because I was not very excited with the Android Music player disorganzing my otherwise very organized music library. I purchased the Ipad to compare and return the one that didnt work for me. After using the Ipad, I wasnt thrilled enough for the 300 extra bucks to spend on it. The Ipad organized music unlike it does on my Ipod and that coupled with the display were the main reasons i went and tried it. So its the TF300 that won me over in the end. The Ipad is a nice piece of tablet but for my purposes and the flexibility and non-itunes reliance that I like I ended up returning the Ipad. And I dont feel bad. Apple wants its monopoly over everything to where you cant even view certain youtube videos its just ridiculous. The Asus streams perfectly. The Retina display shines through with text and pictures but when it comes to video I am hard pressed to find anything huuge difference. I will say that I do find it a bit laggy compared to the Ipad when it comes to viewing PDFs and such but it is nothing gross. I also do NOT have to pay for apps to be able to edit and view other forms of text.Android tablets just open you up to so much more. I love the layout of everything as viewed on the Asus. Apple does a nice job of making things appear crisp and neat, but the Asus is equally cool.
asus-transformer|I'm writing this review using my new asus tf300.I have been using it for 3 days now and it is working great. So far it fills perfectly my expectations. Wifi works really good. I can go out in my padio or 3 rooms away from the router and i still have 2 bars. Transfering files from and to the tablet is very fast. I transfered all my pictures (1.7 GB) in just less than 10 minutes. Watched Netflix movies and it worked flawlessly, i paused the movie just to go to the bathroom. All this using the power saving battery setting.GPS locks in really quickly, although I it needs a WiFi connection to work properly, since it's not a true GPS but rather A-GPS.I'm not a big fan of games but just to test the quad-core CPU i downloaded a free Tegra game called Glowball and I was really impressed by the power of this CPU!!The games itself is nothing special but it shows the power of this tablet. The graphic it's really fluid the tablet is light and it has a nice grip thanks to the special design in the back.The super notes app works really well. I just love how it is easy-to-use and so versatile. Switching from different inputs it's very simple and flawless. Keyboard, stylus, voice recordings, fingers all working fine.It also has three different keyboards: original androids, asus, and swipe... I'm now using the sweep, and now just typing without needing to switch anything.The only small issue is the light bleeding some other people reported. This is more noticeable when looking at pictures with dark background. As experts reported this is a issue for all LCD monitor and to me isn't a deal breaker at all.I'm really satisfied with this tablet especially after readering a lot of bad reviews for its predecessor TF201, the prime. I believe ASUS has done a really good job here and the TF300 is the best android tablet on the market right now.
asus-transformer|DO NOT buy anything from this company.They consider anything that goes wrong the customers fault.I have been told by Asus that the only way for something to break or go bad with theirproducts is that I must have done something to cause it.They said that the damage could not have been caused without some kind of user intervention.I guess they expect their customers to never touch one of their products after they buy it.The following is one of the replies I have received from ASUSI have not received any internal reports indicating there is a problem with the LCD of this model unit, where the LCD would break/rupture on its own w/out some kind of intervention (i.e. drops, excessive pressure, something being dropped on to the screen, misuse, etc.). This has been classified as CID (Customer Induced Damage) and is excluded from warranty coverage. I'm sympathetic to the situation and since there has been a delay I would be willing to offer free return Ground shipping and a 15% discount. Please let me know how you'd like to move forward.Well Of course there are no internal reports indicating that there might be a problem if its explained away as its always the customers fault.Its a very poor company that puts the blame on the customer.I will never buy anything from this company again.
asus-transformer|Well it's been a week since I got this tablet and overall I'm happy with it, but not completely satisfied. The reason I didn't give it a 5 star rating is because there have been a few glitches where apps will randomly close on its own. A few other times the screen wouldn't turn back on even though I'm pushing the power button multiple times. It would finally come on but it would show the welcome screen and boot up as if I did a restart, but obviously I didn't. These are the 2 main issues I've had in the past week.Otherwise, I'm happy with this tablet. However, I should say that I will probably get the Asus Transformer Prime Infinity when it comes out in June. The screen on this tablet is great, but not the best. My sister has the New iPad and yes I can tell the difference in the screen. The text on this tablet is not as sharp as hers. Once again... yes the screen on this tablet is great, but yes there is a VISIBLE improvement on the New iPad. At first I was thinking I wouldn't be able to tell the difference... but I was wrong.This does not make me want to get the New iPad however, because I don't like the "Apple" way of doing things. But I do know that the Asus Transformer Prime Infinity is scheduled to come out in June and that one will have a higher resolution than this TF300. I will most likely get the Infinity since I like to have the best. You can Google all the differences between this TF300 and the upcoming Infinity, screen resolution is just one of them.But overall, this TF300 is an excellent tablet, especially at this price point. However, for people that want to have the best, you will not be content with this.
asus-transformer|I purchased three of these tablets (ASUS TF300) from Amazon, and had them in-hand within a matter of a few days. One of the tablets turned out to be defective (I guess there have been some issues with displays), so I started the process for replacing it on Amazon's website. This was a Thursday evening at 8pm, so I figured it might be the following week before my kids would have their tablet back. Amazon's customer support, in my opinion, is absolutely amazing. They responded almost immediately (with what did appear to be a standard, "We're so sorry..." email), but that was followed up very quickly with another email, obviously personalized. This one said that the new tablet had been shipped with Saturday delivery, at no additional cost. Well, turns out they didn't have to do that, as UPS was out the very next day delivering the new tablet. The return process of the defective tablet was equally simple.The tablet itself is great. It's fast, the graphics engine is amazing, and I haven't noticed any light bleed around the edge of the screen, like I've seen other people discussing. And I've had no problem finding apps on Google Play to fill all of my needs. And since this tablet comes with an "office suite" already preinstalled, that's just one more perk. One thing I find somewhat funny/quirky, is the facial recognition. It works extremely well.... Until you shave. :-) I had a beard going, then shaved due to the high heat we've been having. Now my tablet has trouble recognizing me. Seems it may work a little too well. Frankly though, that isn't such a bad thing.
asus-transformer|So far, so good with this tablet. I've had it for a week now and no problems at all. It works as advertised. This is my first tablet and I'm impressed with it for the price paid--$390.I've played with the Ipad and this, to me, is better. Maybe not on overall specs, but you can do so much more because of the Adobe Flash and the open operating system. It purrs along.I had a minor glitch connecting with Wifi though. Turns out, I input the wrong WEP key code and after I input the code, the tablet does not tell you if the code is correct or incorrect. It simply does not log on. Being my first tablet, I did not realize the code was wrong. A warning or prompt from the Wifi connector screen would be nice for novices. It took me a day to realize this until I tried the other code. But, since then, all has been great.Wifi is strong all over the house. There are a TON of apps. Don't be fooled into thinking there aren't a lot of apps for Android tablets. There are. And virtually every good one on the Ipad is available on Android tablets too.Music is great with a ton of apps. The speaker is a bit metallic sounding when cranked to its highest setting, but overall, it still sounds good enough and the volume is more than adequate.The screen is a magnet for fingerprints though and you will find yourself cleaning it off a lot. I clean mine constantly and am looking into buying a screen protector. I'm just waiting until I find one with good recommendations.The touchscreen is very responsive. No lag on mine at all. Its quick. The back camera is awesome with many different settings and fun things to do and try, including a panorama shot. Surprising because my high-end Kodak camera has that too.The front camera has less pixels and isn't as great, but is perfect for video calls and gets the job done.I definitely would recommended this tablet for the price. I think it is a solid deal at $390. It has so many great features and extras like free Cloud Storage and Polaris Office. I'm just now beginning to discover them. Just an FYI, the Google Sky Map app is simply incredible!! I highly recommend downloading this free app.I hope this review helps others because I spent a few months debating and researching which tablet I wanted. I finally decided on this one and I am not disappointed at all.
asus-transformer|Screen looks great I don't know how much brighter the prime is. But this ones great. Feature set for the price is great.. Asus seems to be the top as far as updates go. It's not just running ics 4.0 its running ics 4.0.3. The same version my galaxy nexus is running. Asus has just released a bootloader unlock tool. Which makes it as wide open to hacking as my nexus. Its also about as close to vanilla Android as it comes wth out being a nexus. Asus has just added some widgets and apps. They did change the task bar out with a custom one. But you can even switch back to the default one in the setting. Now the reason I took a star away. I don't like the propriety plug, and the no USB port. I have the USB adapter but its not great. The front facing camera is clearly designed to be used in landscape mode. Its located on the top if your holding it in landscape mode. Which means you have to hold it at a weird angle if you don't use it in landscape. To make it worse most video chat apps seem to be made for portrait mode. It also has a bit of a problem surfing the net. It has a slight lag here and there. Setting flash to not load by default seems to help. But this lag is the least of my worries since Asus is pretty good at updating. And I'm sure they'll address the web browser in the next update. But all and all I like it its a good price. And I'll like it even more when the custom gone hit.
asus-transformer|I've had my TF300 for a few days now. Based on reviews here, I'll start by stating what I have and have not experienced based on other's feedback.I have not experienced the screen flickering issue.I have not experienced the volume of force closes like most people.I have experienced issues with Google Play (Market) not responding.There is a little bleed at the bottom corners of the screen, but not as bad as others have stated.The back of my tablet has very little give, so maybe those who can bend it had ones with manufacturing defects?The screen does show finger prints/smudges after use, but what smartphone/table doesn't? My fix for this was to put a matte finished screen protector on. Reduces glare too.Yes, very little accessories for this guy, but cases will be coming out soon. I pre-ordered the TF300 dual view rooCase from Amazon. Really all you need is an extra charger, memory card, and the keyboard doc if that suits your needs.Here are my pros and cons:PROS:1. Great value for the price. Can't beat what you get for $390. Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 doesn't have the same horse power as the TF300.2. Screen is great from my perspective. 720p native screen, good resolution. Didn't have issues with video or pictures and no color saturation.3. Volume rocker and power buttons are in the right place with the right exposure and feedback when pressed. You'd be surprised how many other tablets do a crappy job with wobbly buttons or buttons that are not exposed enough.4. Battery life is superb. With 2 hours of usage watching live tv, doing work email, calendar updates, downloading apps, and customizing the tablet, only 19% of the battery was used. Screen brightness was set to roughly 40%.5. It's fast. If you want to compare how fast it really is in person, go to Best Buy and send 2 pictures from your smartphone via bluetooth to some other tablets. Open the gallery and look how fast it renders your pictures for the first time. Then repeat on the TF300. I didn't find anything out there that really compared. Picture/Video rendering is one of the most processor intensive tasks you can do on a tablet.6. GPS WORKS AND PINPOINTS YOUR LOCATION QUICKLY. A co-worker of mine tested in the car while we were driving and tethered to a Galaxy Nexus for data. It took 28 seconds.CONS:1. After booting up, it takes roughly a minute for everything to become fully responsive. Pretty annoying. I know this can be fixed in a software update.2. Google Play app force closes and waits too much. Should be fixed in a software update.3. Stock Email widget doesn't work. Says App is not installed when it is, it's part of the Android OS and the Email app works just fine. Should be fixed in a software update. Big issue for me.4. Not much bloatware, but there are still a few apps like Zinio that I want to uninstall (not just disable). Should have the option to do that without needing to root.Few other pointers:1. CHARGE IT FIRST. It doesn't need to charge a full 8 hours, but at least give it 3 hours before determining if it is dead. Mine arrived with 13% battery life.2. Before you do anything, turn on WiFi and download the latest firmware update. It's available for a reason.All in all I really like this tablet. I've been in the market to buy a tablet since November of last year and skipped out on the Prime. I believe I made the right choice. 4 stars because of the stock email widget not working out of the box. Otherwise, I'd give it 5 even with the minor issues I've had. Read other tablet reviews, you'd be amazed at how crappy other company's release software for their tablets.UPDATE: A new firmware update rolled out today May 18. Fixes Google Play issues and overall performance of the tablet. I am updating this review from the tablet. Much smoother. Email widget is still broken so 4 stars still.UPDATE 2: Factory reset fixed the email widget problem. Thankfully I had Google backup turned on so everything restored quickly and effortlessly! Review changed now to 5 starts.
asus-transformer|I have nothing but good things to say about this tablet. I do not think it is flimsy at all. It has a very bright screen and the colors are vivid. Never hung on me. battery is pretty good...about 6 hours...I do not get the full 8 hours.The sounds and video is great!! I love that fact that I can doc it.. and use it as a notebook, then undock and use as a tablet.It does take some time getting use to the touch screen, but that is the future.I am very please with my purchase.
asus-transformer|This has been the best investment I've made so far! Ill just get right to the pros and cons.Pros:*Excellent at playing .m4v HD bluray rips with no lag whatsoever! Even hooked it up to my tv via the HDMI port and it was a breeze!*Connected my external harddrive (ext. HDD > powered usb 3.0 hub > USB kit ASUS USB Kit for Eee Pad Transformer TF101, TF101G, TF201 & TF300 Tablets > the tablet) and it played the movies from it as well. Tested AVI, MKV, M4V, WMV, MOV with no problems.*With the harddrive connected, I was able to connect a keyboard and mouse too!*The stylus which I already had, works as expected. Makes Draw Something a bit easier.*Battery life is better than I expected!!! WITH all the things I had hooked up to it, played about 4hours worth of movies and when all sudden done, not even half of the battery was drained!*Tegra 3; the graphics are amazing! But there is a lack of games that are any good. Id like to see a good ol RTS instead of some sort of castle defenders type game.*Sound quality is OK with the inboard speaker, but with headphones or audio output thru HDMI is NOT lacking at all!! the M4V bluray digital copy of Iron Man 2 was FANTASTIC on this device!*Security: It has the option to encrypt your data and have you enter a pincode when you boot up to decrypt the data. Also options when you lock the screen for pattern/pin/passcodeCons:*The Web Browser, yep, just like everyone else, and with every android device just about since 2.3, its a bit sluggish on here too. Its not enough to be a deal breaker for me, but it does get frustrating when it crashes.*Glare, the screen has a horrible glare when your outside or there is a light behind you. Does give it a nice sleek shine.*A few older apps crash, only because they haven't been written for ICS so that's not a deal breaker for me.*System slows down when multiple apps are using resources. IE AndFTP transferring files while Pandora, Facebook and a game are running. I suspect it has something to do with the I/O handling. Dunno if its hardware or software side tho. Not the greatest at multitasking but were past Windows 3.1 or Android 1.2 ;)*Lack of Accessories. I'm waiting around for a good hard case to put this thing in as I'm afraid to break it! Its SO FLIMSY! as for now I keep it wrapped in an old sweater packed in an old laptop bag.Tests to come:Skype--I have no friends :/ So maybe someday i can test out how it handles video conferencing.Gamepads wired and wireless.--Such as the xbox controller for windows. Ive read that this tablet does support a wide variety and a few, VERY few reports that the xbox 360 gamepad for windows DOES work on the Transformer series.ODB2 diagnostics and a full fledged in car setup.Anything else, just ask and I can test it out.As the writing of this, there is no support for Windows OS as the bootloader is locked. Microsoft is working on support for the Tegra 3 processor in Windows 8 and ASUS has unlocked bootloders for the past Transformers. So its not out of the question yet.Final verdict: ITs worth the price!
asus-transformer|The TF300 is basically the cheaper brother of the upcoming TF700 Transformer Pad Infinity. The main tradeoff is that the screen is 350 nits instead of the 600 nits of the TF201 Prime or the TF700 Infinity (which will also have 1080p resolution). If not being able to see the screen in bright sunlight is an issue for you, the TF700 should be coming out soon, but it's basically the price you pay for getting the cheaper model.Some other tradeoffs you accept for getting the cheaper version: a plastic back and a smaller battery. The plastic back doesn't bother me at all, and the battery has thus far proved more than good enough for relatively heavy use all day.WiFi reception is good and strong. I'm definitely getting better reception at locations my phone (and past phones) has trouble getting a signal. The plastic back definitely solves the WiFi reception issue that plagued the Prime.This is my first tablet, and so far I'm loving it. My only issue is that the calendar app does not seem to sync with my Google account. Otherwise, it's amazingly zippy thanks to the Tegra 3 processor, and some of the TegraZone games look simply amazing.************** UPDATE **************Now that we have Jelly Bean (Android 4.1), I'm bumping this up to 5 stars. All the weird little performance hiccups in the OS and in apps are gone! Other than the serial number sticker rubbing off, there isn't much negative I can say about this product anymore.Speaking of Jelly Bean, back in early July, Asus promised that TF300 users would get Jelly Bean "in the coming months". You know what that usually means. Instead of that, we got it on August 19. I wish all Android device manufacturers delivered on firmware update promises like Asus.************** UPDATE **************Asus keeps putting out firmware updates at a pace that shames other Android manufacturers. The TF300 is now one of the few non-Nexus devices running 4.2. Unfortunately, the 4.2 update (build 10.6.1.8-20130225) is a bug-ridden mess. There are serious performance issues, crashes that cause spontaneous reboots, and something in the firmware is draining the battery at an accelerated rate. There are a variety of other problems (no sound with HDMI, which I believe is Google's fault), dead spots on the touchscreen, phantom touches on the touchscreen even when your fingers are nowhere near the thing and a host of other problems, but the crashes, performance stutter, and the battery drain are the issues that are the most annoying.If you buy this now, the reviews listed here singing the praises of the device's CPU/GPU performance and battery performance may make no sense to you. If you possibly can, avoid installing this update (10.6.1.8-20130225) and wait for the next firmware update, which hopefully will correct these issues.PS: I love the new default keyboard that comes with Android 4.2.
asus-transformer|Received this item and everything looked good. It really doesn't have much support paperwork but I can make due. The problem is that it would not charge using the AC charger. I got it late Thursday night and emailed them regarding the charging problem on Friday. Over the weekend I tried the back up charging option (let it charge from the USB port on my computer) That worked but instead of taking 8 hours to charge it took almost 26.Today is Monday and still no response back from customer service so I tried to connect to their support chat line. After waiting 10 minutes for them to connect me to someone I gave up.The product seems to be fine now that I've got it charged but the customer service just stinks. Out of box failures should have priority and be handled at once.
asus-transformer|I love this tablet. I am not experienced in technology or computers/tablets. But you must get this tablet if you are tired of sitting at the PC all the time and especially if you are like me and tired of looking at the tiny screen on your Blackberry (yes, I said Blackberry). I am anti-Apple after having read an article in Playboy about the company and their financial shadiness. This was previously compounded by my personal desire not to follow the herd and rumors of Jobs' trying to monopolize the ebook world.The only thing that I do not love about this tablet is that I have not figured out how to get the Adobe Flashplayer to work on it. (and yes, I don't want to use GOOGLE) Of course, I have not enlisted the help of any tech guru's on this matter, yet. So I am still holding out hope that it can be accomplished.I bought the matching keypad...LOVE. (Great screenshot button on it!) I also bought a matching case that seperates for the keypad detachment!! Of course i also purchased a wi-fi router for the home and a usb stick (TONS OF MEMORY! on the stick and tablet capability)I pretty much keep my tablet on the cord whether the keypad is on or off, so I can not speak of the battery life. But I am betting that it will do the time specified in specs.I have not seen any "light spots" on the screen. I do not even notice the fingerprints on the screen until the tablet is asleep or off. (It did come with a little wipe rag, which does the trick with a few swipes)The tablet was easy to connect my MSN and Hotmail accounts to. I also found it easy to set Bing (blasphemer!! lol) as my internet search engine. I have not figured out how to get rid of bookmarks that I don't use or care to, but that may just be my technical savy at work.The apps are constantly improving so there a few pesky updates, but they all download quickly. My co-worker gushes aobut how he can control his entertainment center for his home on an Android app so i bet that you could too!) I am not big into games but a few days after getting the tablet I was shooting zombies and feeding JAWS! But I still tend to go to socializing and other internet sites on the original pages instead of using the apps...Basically, BUY IT! You won't be sorry, I'm betting. lol (oh and PS there is a previous reviewer named Micheal who seems to be very skilled at answering any questions you have :) )***EDIT 12/23/2012***[...]*scroll down to FLASHPLAYER ARCHIVES FOR ANDOID 4.0* select the first link to 11.1 for ANDROID 4.0 (11.1.115.34)*downloadI believe this did the trick. I dont remember what i was trying to use the flashplayer on. but i believe it was a website with a video on the page. And that worked after i downloaded this player.:)On a side note, it took quite a while to figure out how to cut-n-paste the link here. *phew* That could be a bit easier. It is a combo of using the mousepad on the detachable keyboard and selecting copy or paste from the scree. aaargh. But of course i am used to windows cut-n-pasting with the mouse. Just have to do it a few times to get used to it, probably. Also, note that my capitalization lacks a little...keyboard it a little hard to get used to after having mostly only used a full sized PC. But I had same issue when work gave me a laptop for a while. :(***EDIT 02/21/2013***I am noticing light leaks on the left edges of my screen. Little dissappointed that it is happening and wondering how much worse it will get ........ It really is not interfering but still a disappointment. IF it gets much worse, guess i will have to figure out how to get it replaced...
asus-transformer|I researched tablets for almost a month before deciding on this one. The deciding factors were the Tegra processor and the versatility of the docking keyboard. No other tablet has this. I received both in mid May along with a Poetic leather folio-case and also the Armorsuit MilitaryShield screen protector. I loved this tablet! Went on travel soon after and the room had free wi-fi and a flat panel tv. With the purchase of a micro HDMI to HDMI cable I was able to stream my netflix and watch on the large screen. Sweet! Back in mid-July I was on the couch using the tablet (without the keyboard) when the touch screen just stopped responding. Looking closely I noticed a hairline crack along 3 sides of the tablet. Of course, the Amazon return window had expired about a week before so I contacted ASUS. They had me ship it to the service center in Texas. Two weeks later I was finally contacted and informed the damage was considered CID (customer induced damage). No matter how much I expained to them how it happened and all the precautions I had taken, they refused to honor the warranty. One month and $218.00 later I received my tablet back. I still like it but not enough to warrant the $750 I now have invested in it and the docking keyboard. I am now always worried it will break again. The best analogy I can think of is getting back together with a former girlfriend. You like her enough to try again, but you know there were problems and they most likely have not gone away.. On the plus side, this tablet is an impressive piece of technology. Very responsive to inputs and can run any Android app available. There are also a growing number of games from NVIDIA that only the Tegra processor can handle. On the downside, the rear speaker is pretty marginal and poorly placed. The screen brightness is fine for indoors but outdoors in daylight forget it. My friend has a first generation I-Pad and even that screen is noticeably brighter than the ASUS. If they had honored the warranty I would give it 4 stars. There are several others who have had the cracked screen problem. Keeping my fingers crossed!
asus-transformer|There are plenty of good, positive, reviews here so I'll just share my experience. I moved from an iPad to this unit with a Samsung tab2 10.1 in between. For those who don't like the comparison to the iPad I'm sorry, the iPad IS the standard. It out performs most everything out there, has great graphics, and is well made. I initially chose the Samsung but that was a mistake and I returned it. It was glitchy and too slow and for other issues I have a review on that here.The Asus TF300 is a nice experience. Many of the features are linked in to the operating system, Android 4.0 or "ice cream sandwich" ICS, and is finally up to par with Apple OS. With the tegra 3 processor, multi-tasking is functional and scrolling/app switching is smooth. Running 45 page PDFs is possible with no problem. No problem with youtube and movie streaming and scanning.Camera's are ok but a flash unit would be nice.Build quality seems ok and is the only place I see room for improvement. The plastic back could be a little more substantial.Battery performance is excellent, about 2hrs to charge and about 10hrs on battery. Note: when unboxed, the TF300 was completely dead and took 10 minutes of charging before it would even turn on.Network performance is excellent.Bluetooth performance is excellent.Sound is good without headphones and excellent with.Graphics are the best you can get at this price and are really good.I see others complaining about the native keyboard but I never used it. I went straight for swiftkey3 and works great with the TF300T.Native browser works great.Very little bloatware, thank you ASUS.If your looking for your first tablet you should know: Apps in the android line are NOT up to par with Apple apps, simple truth. I would highly recommend if your going to game, get an iPad. Anything else and I would highly recommend the TF300T.
asus-transformer|This is an awesome tablet. This is also my first Android device. Currently own iPads, iPods and Blackberry PlayBook.The build quality is good, would have liked a metal backing instead of plastic and would have preferred gorilla glass as in the Transformer Prime, however the Prime has GPS and WiFi issues due to the metal backing so I do prefer to have better WiFi and GPS.I have been using this tablet for 3 months now and I use it almost everyday. It is very smooth, almost as smooth as an iPad, but not quite there yet. Gaming on it is amazing, the screen is very clear, I typically use it between 30-50% brightness. The Tegra 3 is amazing, graphics is smooth and detailed.Battery life is great, I usually charge it after 5-8 hours of "screen on" use. During heavy use, especially games optimized for the Tegra 3, the tablet will get warm, but definitely not uncomfortable. One of my friends was also in the search for a tablet and also ended up purchasing a TF300. For the price, this tablet is unbeatable in my opinion. Highly recommended.
asus-transformer|I have had this tablet for about 6 weeks now and what can I say, i love it. I dont understand those people that say it crashes a lot. For me this tablet has worked great so far. i have been using productivity apps a lot and so far so good. Takes picture and video quality is excellent too. There is no tablet in the market as good as this one in this price range.
asus-transformer|This is the best tablet on the market for the money. If you want a more powerful one try the Transformer Infinity. Its been fun using ICS. the tablet is very fast and responsive. It crushes the ipad 3 in all segments and costs $200 less for the 32 GB version. It has ports for HDMI/microSD slot. By spending an additional 20 bucks you can make this a 64GB tablet by purchasing a 32 GB micro SD card. The Quad-Cored Tegra processer is great. Faster/smoother/cheaper than the over rated/over priced ipad (ipad costs $599 - 32 GB and $699 - 64 GB). ASUS announced the tablet will sonn get Jelly Bean update!UPDATE - 8/20/2012------------------I have had this for a month now. Still loving the tablet. Installed the Jelly Bean Update this morning. Google Voice Search is top notch. LOVE IT!
asus-transformer|Bought both the Asus TF300T 10.1" tablet and the docking keyboard. They are enjoyable to use. The synchronization feature is a great thing as I can deal with my email on either the tablet or my PC at home. The GPS works as advertized and it has accepted my voice command without any problem. A couple of glitches, however: Polaris Office which comes with the tablet, does not have any documentation and I have yet to figure out how to use its office features. No Help function either. Also, remember that the screen can be scratched easily so buy and cover it with a screen protector (this may be a chore as I have found out that to get rid of the air bubbles is not so trivial a matter). Lastly I am using the tablet/keyboard in both English and Hebrew, and the transition between the languages is easy. Enjoy!
asus-transformer|After reading different reviews between asus tf300 and samsung galaxy tab2, i decided to go with asus tf300. And i can say that i made the right choice. This tablet is fast and can be comparable with the new ipad (my wife owns the new ipad btw). Screen is good except for bright outdoor light but what the heck! Use it under a shaded spot! Ive watched movies in netflix and just love it! Browsing is lightning fast! ( faster than my laptop). Never had any problem connecting to wifi. Great apps from android market. I think im an "asus" believer now! Better grab yours now!
asus-transformer|Love this tablet. The MicroSD storage expandability and MicroSD out make movie possibilities great. The tablet works fast and has great features in ICS. I have had some apps crash back to the home screen but so infrequently I don't notice it. Batter life is great and not being restrained to the Apple world of things is just how it should be.
asus-transformer|Despite being a professional geek, I have held off on a tablet until now. I've made do with a laptop and a smartphone but, due to some physical disabilities, I've decided to finally move on to a tablet.After using the tablet for a bit more than a week, I am quite happy with my Transformer TF300T. I still carry my smartphone, a 4.3" Android device, but I find myself using it only when not in range of a WiFi signal. The tablet performs incredibly well for all tasks, being quite snappy even on Power Saving mode. I typically leave it in Performance mode, though and haven't had it die on me despite using it pretty steadily throughout the day. I even have it set to leave the WiFi on while "sleeping" in order to get email alerts, etc. I tend to take it off the charger around 9:30 AM and it still has 20% or more battery left at midnight when it goes back on. The GPS stays on throughout the day, also. That's pretty hard to argue with.The screen is bright and crisp. The touch interface is very responsive, having no lag whatsoever. I'm very impressed. I look forward to tinkering with some games on it once I get past the transitional period of moving all my applications to mobile versions.I have yet to pick up the "dock" for it (Multi-Functional Docking Station for ASUS TF300T Tablet, Blue (TF300T-DOCK-BL)) but plan to, at this point, sometime soon. While not being absolutely necessary, it will allow me to replace my laptop with this as my main mobile device.Well done, Asus! Well done.
asus-transformer|I love my new tablet. I just received it this past Saturday. The only issue I have with it so far is the minor light bleeding issue. Now, don't go ahead thinking that you shouldn't buy it because of this issue. You can only see it on black backgrounds or on very dark colors. Mine is up along the edge near the camera. If you have a bright wallpaper you won't even notice unless you boot your tablet up. It really isn't that big of a deal.Now, performance wise the tablet works great. It's very fast and responsive. Great with games, drawing, etc.I would definitely recommend this tablet.4.5/5 stars.
asus-transformer|Greetings..thank you all who take the time to read my review. I bought my Asus Transformer tablet about a week ago, and love it, owning a Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.0", and my Samsung Galaxy S II..the Android OS really isn't a problem. I had been looking..looking for a tablet PC not the iPad, or any of its subsequent off springs, didn't want another 7" tablet either, mine is great, I use it daily, but I wanted something that had not just great computing power,something that can handle a ton of apps too. More to the point..amateur radio apps..I am a ham radio operator, and after giving my pristine Acer 10" netbook to our adopted daughter as her laptop died a horrible untimely death. So..for her birthday I gave her my 2 year old used maybe a dozen times a pristine Acer One 10" netbook with an external CD drive for her 28th birthday.But I digress..this is about the Asus TF-300 Transformer tablet, not about Acer netbooks is it now. What I like on my TF-300 tablet..the screen size..its the same size as my netbook, I can get the multifunction docking station for my Asus TF-300 and in all actuality have a high end net book PC. Just because it works on the Android OS doesn't make a bit of difference. Another like..man..I can sync this up with not just my phone, but my other 7" tablet, and I can add files from my Windows 7 laptop to my Asus TF-300, or vice versa. So I can be in the know..every where I go.One of my dislikes, and I know its minor..but there is no 3G capabilities with these type of instruments. When OH when will the manufacturers of these new high end tablet PCs add in 3G capabilities? It wouldn't take up any more room, there would be negligible additional cost, so I ask..Hey Asus, Sony, Lenovo..all the rest of you makers and shakers, when ya gonna add 3G to these tablets? There..that is my nit pick, I really have no other issue with this tablet. I will say this..I loked at the TF-300 Prime and wasn't impressed. For an additional $200, you get a metal case, a bit better in the graphics department, some software upgrades..thats it. Can't do it, not on a day when the flesh is weak, I buy and sell ham radio gear..the consumer electronics biz..isn't. I have a feeling and after more than 10 years of buying and selling electronics..I kinda know what stuff is worth. True..for the most part, if you buy from the nice folks here at Amazon..y'all can get a hell of a deal. But, if you go to the mall, or any of the big box stores and get one..like I did, I gave $399 for mine at Best Buy, and was very happy to do so.For all intents and purposes, the Asus TF-300 T, the multi-function docking station you have a very, very well equipped net book. With all the wireless printers, the printer apps you can find at the Google Play store, plus Cloud printing, web hosting, PC/phone syncing, you will have in your hot little..or big..depending upon the size..hands a great tool, movie house, gaming arcade, word processing, and any other use you may find for it. So..go to your favorite brick and mortar store, find a tablet you're interested in..take one for a spin..you might just like it.I will offer up a bit of advice and then I will let you kind folks get back to what you were doing before I came along. Its this..in real estate, in buying or selling its location, location, location. With tablet PCs..its research, research, research. Research what ever tablet your heart desires, pick 2 or 3 other that most closely meet what your expectations in a tablet are. Compare each of those to the one you want, you may find that what your original idea of a tablet was..may change, for maybe an additional $50, you might be able to get an even better tablet than what you had first planned on. Do your research, it took me 6 months of looking reading up on, playing with different tablets, I looked at Samsung, Lenovo, Toshiba, tablets, but when I found this Asus TF-300 it blew me out of the water. I knew of Asus, as I had built PCs before using Asus motherboards, but never knew they were into the tablet scene. Took my Samsung Galaxy S II out of my pocket looked up Asus tablets and their ratings on CNet and was even more blown away..WOW Asus has tablet PCs..and they're good..people like em. All I'm sayin..do a little research folks, it well could save you a good deal of cash. Last item..most of y'all have seen these..for lack of a better word..tablet pc..the price tag is any where from $99.99 to $119.99. If all you want is an e reader it may be all right. But for anything else..do yourself a favor, put another $100 into the pot and get yourself a real tablet..not saying thy're not, just saying. If you have to save a month or 2 longer to get what you need, then save another month or 2. Again..thank you all very much for taking time out of your busy schedule to read my review of the Asus TF-300 T tablet PC.
asus-transformer|This is a windy review... The TF300 is a excellent tablet for many reasons.First of all, I'm thankful for purchasers that have submitted reviews to give me a grasp of what to look for in a tablet (both good and bad). I spent some time reading reviews of tablets that were out there to get an idea of what qualities to look for. My wife has a Acer Iconia 100a which is solid but already a generation out (at least). At first I wouldn't even pick it up because the idea of apps was so foreign. I'm still in my PC world. Within the last 6 months I began seeing the value in being able to load books, articles and documents onto this kind of device. I also saw the value of a camera that takes decent pictures. I did enjoy the interface with my car's USB for music and audio books. Oh and kids... Childrens games that are interactive are invaluable. I was won over to the idea so I began exploring.I'm in my 40's and things are changing. The 7in screen is getting to be too small, so I started my search in the 10in screen. I saw the Xoom and was contenting myself with the idea but my nephew told me ASUS was the way to go, so I switched gears and began to look at what was there. There was Samsung, Toshiba, Motorola, Acer and Asus in the android running. So many options. I decided to open my eyes to the Ipad since the last generation is now in price range. I read a little and decided I was too old fashioned and settled into the PC mindset. I've got a laptop (w/vista) at home and my phone is pay-per-minute w/a querty keypad. Android was more familiar and closer to my computer logic. See you later Ipad. The Kindle HD had a huge discount and was very tempting, but the lack of gps and camera on back lost that idea quickly. I like gadgets with lots of optional gadgets.I began researching and words like IPS, 'rooting', nits, and ICS intimidated me. I didn't let that stop me because if it is important, I will persevere. I hit online reviews at Cnet and Egadget to help me along the way. After a point the running came to current technology. Which chipsets and processors would be around for the longest? I narrowed my seach to the quad core offerings because each of them had the 'ice cream sandwich' operating system (OS) and were upgradeable to 'jelly bean'. Upgradeability. My wife's Iconia was upgraded to 'ice cream sandwich', but is not upgradeable to 'jellybean'. Product support for a few years to come is an important aspect. Price was also very important. I like the convenience, and that is what these devices are, convenience. At $500, I began seeing replacement laptops for my antique of 2007. No, no, I won't go there. So in the running were the Acer A700, the Toshiba Excite 10, the Asus TF300; ...and the ASUS TF700 and the NEXUS 10... Oh wait a minute where did that $500 thing go. The new generation of vivid screens and memory and power were starting to blur my vision. Getting back to the three nice priced Tegra 3 quad cores. All seem similar on paper, the Toshiba Excite has a flash for the camera and two speaker stereo sound and gorilla glass. The Acer A700 has the vivid 1920x1200 display, no flash and two stereo speakers. The Asus TF300 has a 8.0MP camera, only one speaker and no flash, but is $50 less than the competition.Getting into some details, the Acer was reviewed to get hot, and the Excite and Asus were very similar in their offering, so price won out in that case. I read that the ASUS is has less preloaded apps to deal with. I also read that the Asus was faster at processing that the other two on various apps. Battery life, they are all reviewed around 8hrs. All of these shaped my understanding of what was there. In the end price won out for me.Now for the driving...I got my tablet, immediately charged it before turning it on. I then affixed a purchased screen film protector and slid it into a leather case to protect it. I powered it on and watched and waited. It took nearly a minute to power up. My wife's starts up in similar time. Once it started, I input my wi-fi passwd and when it got signal it almost immediately began downloading new firmware. No issues with connecting with Wi-fi, almost immediate. This took nearly 20 minutes and with a restart the 'ice cream sandwich OS' was gone and I had 'jellybean'. I had read reviews about 'ice cream sandwich OS,' and it having issues of freezing up and the loaded browser freezing up and asking you to wait or cancel. I also read of the virtual keyboard not being as attentive. I have to agree with these assessments as my wife's tablet suffers that. The 'jellybean' does correct a lot of those issues and the browser is quicker and doesn't freeze up the same way and the keyboard is attentive. I did as others suggested and loaded another browser - Chrome which helps the 'ice cream sandwich' a bunch.Touchscreen and SD CardThe Asus TF300 has a very good touch interface via their WXGA-IPS... display. I like how easy it to select, click on and move items. I can't speak of the Toshiba or Acer A700, but it is worlds better than my wife's tablet. My age comes out here, but I couldn't get the Micro SD 32 GB card to work. There was no selection to send pictures there, on downloading, there was no option to select this. I online chatted with Asus (it does take some patience, so be ready) and they got me to my solution quickly. There is a 'File Manager' app which lets you look at the tree menu of your tablet and SD card. You have to find the file location and manually move from your tablet to the SD card (the file tree was similar to that of the pc system). Initially I thought it was inconvenient, but quickly recognized the value and ability of being able to customize your files. I like that. My wife's doesn't let you do this. In moving files, no matter where you move it, the tablet recognizes the location. In my exploration I found the loaded Polaris Office to be an excellet app and I found that the Book app renders downloaded .pdf documents clearly. Other apps brought them in faded and grainy.Viewing and soundI adjusted the brightness to see just how bright it could be. In comparison to my wife's it was quite alot brighter. In reviewing it was supposed to have 400nits of brightness (I'm not sure what that is, but I understand it to be brighter than average). It is quite bright and in the evenings I usually dim it down for comfort. In direct sunlight it is hard to see, but is visible. Clarity, it is clear enough with details showing through on movies on netflix (won't try to compare with HD level of the Acer A700). I would say it is clearer than my 720p HD 42&#34; flat screen up on the wall. View angles, it is viewable at almost all angles up to nearly 180 degrees, but it does decline in clarity as you get away from 90 degrees. My wife's is only viewable from 3 sides, the 4th goes nearly black, yet on one of those sides it stays clear and sharp nearly to 180 degrees. Interesting. As far as light bleed on the edges like others have said, it is almost non-existent in darkness, so no bother there. The sound, it is louder, clearer and fuller than my laptop computer; not in stereo (as claimed), no bass or treble control, no surround sound (my wife's has Dolby with surround option and bass/treble control). Nothing to brag about, but pleasant when listening to, much like the sound from my cell phone.GPS, camera, and wifiI turned on the GPS in my living room and it picked up our location within 30 seconds and was accurate to the room I was in on the map. It is as quick as my office garmin and fairly sensitive. The wifi is quick and has decent range and can detect out to about 1200ft away. The camera is nice and takes good pictures. Clarity depends on the amount of light. In incandescent lit rooms it gets grainy.The app worldI'm learning everyday what is out there on google store and amazon apps. It is nice to be able to install an app and if I don't like the entire app is removed, as shown by the memory storage decreasing. Unlike on a pc, where it removes the program, but the software is still in your computer.Overall it is fast, about as fast as I can click. It has 3 performance modes that are easily accessable. I don't do any gaming so the economy mode works well enough for me and saves on battery life. I'm going to enjoy my tablet and have already loaded books, articles, bibles, music, pictures, and maps. I'm ready to take my show on the road with one thin device rather than a library of books and cds.
asus-transformer|I purchased this tablet because my son has the TF101 and is very pleased with it. But I opted to go with the faster quad core processor and more storage. Needless to say, I am not disappointed. Within a couple of hours I was up and running with all of my email accounts synced to the tablet and my Calendar updated. The Kindle app is great and my entire libray of over 300 ebooks available at the touch of a finger. The overall operation is fast and responsive. Android 4.0 is quite impressive, though it does not support flash player as thoroughly as previous versions. I had to manually download and install Flash Player since Adobe no longer provides support starting with Ice Cream Sandwich.I don't use the docking station so I cannot speak to the problem many have mentioned concerning cracked screens. And the lack of compatibility with some Facebook games is not the fault of Asus or Google but rather Adobe, as mentioned above. Not an issue for me since I don't play Facebook games.As a note of comparison, I had previously tried both a Galaxy Tab II 10.1 and a Galaxy Note 10.1 and returned both. The Tab II was sluggish and glitch. The Galaxy Note was impressive and very responsive but $100.00 more than the TF300. I found the TF300's performance and features equal to the Note's for a lot less money.So in summary, the Asus TF300 is everything I could possibly hope for in a tablet and then some. Perhaps there are some drawbacks to the docking station but I have no plans to use it in that manner so it isn't an issue for me.
asus-transformer|I upgraded to this tablet from an Acer A500. I like the feel and size of this tablet plus it is also great on battery life. I also picked up the keyboard which I am typing with right now. It turns your tablet into a netbook and for some people may eliminate the need for a laptop or computer entirely. I also picked one up for my father as well (with the keyboard of course). My wife has an IPad but this thing is much better. Mine was cheaper by about 100 bucks and I now have a total of 96 GB of memory for this device. My wife only has 16.
asus-transformer|I have to start this review by admitting that this is my first tablet of any kind really. So the only devices I can compare are my HTC Incredible 2 and my Samsung laptop. That being said, this is a neat device. Overall I can say it is good at most tasks.The physical is very nice. It seems very sturdy but light weight. The back is attractive but the texture is a little strange. Seems like the ports and buttons are in very functional places.The software seems more than a little buggy. Many applications frequently take a long time to respond. I get the "wait or cancel" message regularly. I have found that a few apps in the Google Play store say they are not compatible with this device, although not many, and have not yet been able to get Amazon MP3 cloud player to work.The default browser has closed randomly, but third party browsers don't seem to be any better. Opera mini works the best but doesn't support Flash (no thanks). The keyboard has a "swype like" feature that is useful but doesn't work in certain programs. Maybe that's on purpose. Editing text after it has been typed is more than a little frustrating. It doesn't seem to let you touch where you need to edit. It registers my touch but then moves the cursor to another random spot.I cant say I have been super impressed with the processing speed. I read many reviews that just raved about it. I expected it to be more responsive with the hardware they used.It has also reset itself a few times although once was for a firmware upgrade.I have not tried the docking keyboard yet.The screen and display are marvelous. No complaints there. I'm sure there some difference in the higher resolution models, but this display has well surpassed my expectations. I watch Netflix on it all the time. No problems.I've had it for a little over a month now, and as I said earlier, not bad, but not great. Certainly cant argue with the price.UPDATE 8-21-12Did a "cold reboot" and that fixed a lot of the little buggy problems. Also Asus upgraded this model toJelly Bean last week. Seems like it just hums now. Really pleased with performance. As I said before this does a lot of things well. Great with just about every app I've tried on it. There is a great built in app for screen sharing with computers on my home network. Many of the other built in tools have been helpful too. Since the upgrade it just "feels" more like I thought it would. Battery life has surpased my expectations.Highly reccomended. Asus has quietly hit the mark!
asus-transformer|I bought the Asus Transformer TF300 to replace a Toshiba Thrive and I like the lighter, thinner Asus tablet much better than the heavier, thicker Toshiba Thrive. The Asus 32GB tablet has a great 10.1 inch display and is very responsive to the touch which makes it perfect for all the reasons a person would buy a tablet.I definitely recommend this tablet to anyone looking for a nice all-purpose tablet at a great price.
asus-transformer|This is truly a beautiful, sexy, and powerful piece of Android sweetness. The Tegra 3's 4+1 cores rules multi-tasking, handling streaming tunes from Google Music, showboating in Google Pluse's Hangouts, while downloading a video - all without a blip or hiccup.Look & Feel:At 10.35in by 7.12in , and at a tad over 3/4in thick, it fits nicely in one hand. Even for an older, geeky couch-potato, it's no effort to balance the 2.60lbs tab and dock combo; tab only is 1.40lbs. Even though the body is molded plastic, it feel solid. The nice concentric-circle embossing adds to a secure feeling, and no fingerprints. Comes with a microfiber cloth for the glass screen.Screen:This is not an iPad. The 10.1in. WXGA screen (1280x800) is an IPS panel; not the Super-IPS of the Transformer Prime, or Infinity, so using this badboy in direct sun will be a chore at best. However, if you intend to use this indoors, or on a shaded deck, this backlit LED is up for the job. The nearly 180-degree viewing angle is great with friends next to you. It's the perfect size for 35,000 feet! It collects fingerprints fast! The 10-finger touch support is great when using gestures, (ie: 1,2 & 3 finger swipes)Wireless Connections:WiFi is robust and steady. Excellent mobile hotspot recognition, when you need to tether to your 3G/4G data plan.It's easy to burn up your 3.5GB data with the larger screen.My home router limits me to "G" band, so 802.11(n) should knock your socks off! I use an older WRT54GL and still pull 31mbps on the deck. The new dual-band router should be here next week.Bluetooth handled both file transfers and a mini-mouse flawlessly, with is nice for those with larger fingers. I get 100 feet with JayBird Freedom bluetooth headset.OS & Software:This is nearly pure Ice Cream Sandwich, with little in the way of propriatary launcher. Tegra 3 was made for ICS, and with four cores and 1GB of DDR3 ram, it zips around without a studder. Coupled with the 12-core GeForce GPU and 1080p video is outstanding.ASUS includes additional software including "SuperNote" note taking software. Pretty cool! Let's you add pictures, video, and finger doodles to your notes in notebooks. "Kindle" and Google's "Play Books" compete for e-books; "Zinio" & "Press Reader" for magazine and newspaper subscriptions. "MyLibrary" consolidates all your books and various subscriptions. "Polaris Office 3.0" to handle your pre-Office 2007 (doc, xls, ppt) documents.For your wireless home theater, ASUS has "MyNet" for streaming digital media to any DLNA device connected to your network. The mini-HDMI works great for any HDMI TV. Also included is "MyCloud", which not only provides 8GB of lifetime storage for music, videos, documents, and photos - anything; it also allows remote access and control of connected PC and Mac systems.Storage:On board is 32GB of storage, more than enough for some serious rocking games, especially those made specifically for the Tegra 3. The microSD slot can give you another 32GB. The dock has an additional full-size SD card for a third 32GB; and a full-size USB for flash drives, USB hard drives, card readers, etc. If you're a fan of cloud storage, ASUS, Dropbox, Google Drive, Amazon, Carbonite, SkyDrive, Sugar Sync, the storage is nearly endless.Battery Management:One of the biggest issues for portables is battery. If you're diligent about switching power modes, you can squeeze 12-13 hours out of the tablet alone. Switching to power saver uses the chip's fifth core for low powered syncing chores and maintenance. Normal will handle multi-tasking email, streaming music, and browsing easily. and power mode will process the latest games and Netflix without breaking a sweat. Also shutting down radios when in sleep mode helps conservation as well. I get about 7.5 hours when video-conferencing, downloading, and streaming music ... can't beat that.Final Thoughts:For a legitimate iPad alternative, you can't beat this tablet. With the additional dock, you have one badass netbook when you need something a bit more, including an additional 4-5 hours of battery life. The additional $149 is absolutely worth it. Also ASUS sells a 40pin to USB adapter that will allow the tablet alone to use full-size USB, but the dock has that capability built-in.UPDATE:Announced today (July 17, 2012), ASUS advised their Transformer tablets will qualify for Android 4.0 (Jellybean) updates. Awesome news!
asus-transformer|Excellent tablet. Always wanted an android because (1) it uses FLASH (2) it has an open file management system and most android hardware specs are way stronger than the competitor.Waited for the Samsung Tab 10.1. But when I saw the Asus Transformer, I know that it would be THE ONE!Waited for the Asus Transformer Prime but it totally disappointed with the simple wifi and GPS problemsI had to wait again. Finally the Asus Transformer 300 is here and it was totally worth the wait.My first tablet and it out-performed in all measures. The wifi reception was stronger than all my other smart-phones at home. The Google sync was strong and integrated. Google, Gmail, Youtube, Google+ (way more friendly than Facebook), Google Maps, Play Store, everything is integrated. Excellent!Asus even provides a factory reset in case you want to wipe it clean and re-sell it for the Transformer Infinity 700 (half-minded to do so) ;)The power cable can be connected to a PC or laptop USB port and thus can provide media connectivity and allow file transfer.Great product! It will be a great competition when it drop prices in time for the Christmas battleASUS! Thanks for a great product!
asus-transformer|Pros- Nice bright colorful screen.- Plastic is sturdy regardless of what critics say.- Has 32Gb of storage- It only cost me $389- No need to connect to a PC for updates like Apple.- Comes with cloud storage.Cons- Only one speaker.I've used iPad 1&2, dell streak, galaxy tab and asus transformers 101, 102 prime and now the TF300. For overall performance and unencumbered usage, the TF300 beats them all. The prime would be closest, but the wifi and gps issues just don't make it useful enough. The ipad are good for noobies and those who want to stay in the walled in garden of apple. The streak and tab are just too under powered.I traded in my ipad for the TF300 and have been extremely happy. Ipad is great for noobies and the less knowledgeable users. Apple created a nice little walled in garden for people to play apps, listen to music and surf the net, but if you want any thing else, to bad.Yes, the screen isn't as great, but the human eye can't always see the differences. Yes, its possible to get malware on an android, but there are free apps for that. Yes there is only one speaker on the TF300, but its the best speaker i've ever heard on any tablet, laptop or netbook. My wife is constantly asking me to turn mine down cause she cant here her laptop over my TF300.But its all about choice, if you believe a iPad is better for you, get one. Just don't put down on the TF300 because its not an iPad. Cause it is an wayyyy better!!!
asus-transformer|What a great tablet! This is my first true tablet, but I've been an Android smartphone user for several years now. Rooted every Android I've ever had, used custom ROMs, so I feel like I know my way around the Android OS. Ice Cream Sandwich is a joy on a tablet! I have it on my SGS II, but it really shines on this ASUS tablet!I don't feel like I need to go into the specs, but I will provide some real-life examples. I've had it in hand for 4 days now, and I've played with it quite a bit. Dead Space with headphones - amazing. Played that game for about two hours, and only killed about 30% of the battery. My niece had a ball with it, playing games like Cut The Rope, Fruit Ninja, and Spirit. Seems to play just about any video file format (have tried .avi, .mp4, .mkv). Plays MP3 and FLAC music file formats.If you're like me (heavily invested into the Google universe), and you're looking for as high-end a tablet as you can reasonably afford, you can't go wrong with this one!
asus-transformer|When i recieved my tf-300, the touch screen didn't work. I realize that happens, so i figured i would just exchange it. I didn't have a problem with that. So, I paid to have it shipped back. Well after waiting 2 weeks i receive an email stating my money would be refunded. I didn't want a refund, i asked for an exchange. So it cost me $27 to ship the unit back and i still don't have a tablet. Very frustrated with this whole situation.
asus-transformer|I have the tf300t. initially it was good but recently it has become almost unusable.I use it mostly for web surfing youtube checking news and buying stuff on amazon. i dont have many apps so i am forced to think that one of the software updates are what made my tablet unstable. My browser is constantly shutting down. I hate it. Its too bad because it would be a good tablet if it were more stable. Ive even downloaded different browsers hoping that they would be more stable but they also continually crashed. Its got to be either the operating system or the hardware. Either way, I suggest buying a different brand of tablet. Hopefully your experience will be better than mine.
asus-transformer|I bought this tablet when it first came out thinking that it would be really great for school, and at first it was. All of my textbooks are ebooks and my teachers give most handouts as PDFs, so I was able to keep everything in one place without wasting paper or breaking my back carrying books around. But about a week after I got it, I started experiencing some weird issues. About an inch of the left side of the screen would start flickering, and wouldn't stop until I turned the tablet off. I was actually willing to wait that out, because someone said it may be a software issue that would go away with an update, but then the power button stopped working. Also, some reviewers said that the unit is creaky and flexes/bends if you squeeze it or anything, and it's true. The build quality is pretty iffy for the price point ($400 at time of purchase). Too many issues too soon, so I sent it back and bought an iPad (which I'm extremely happy with).
asus-transformer|It's been 8 months and I have barely used it. It used to freeze when I moved too fast so I just used it to check emails. On the update before the the last one, the bottom right quarter of the display no longer responded to touch. The machine also also kept inputting its own text when I tried to login. On the last update the right half of the tablet responded after the first boot and now I can't open the lock screen. Nothing but multiple factory resets since i've received the thing. The only reason I am writing this review is to warn others thinking of purchasing. The whole experience has left a bad taste in my mouth about android os in general when every software update brings something unexpected to the table.
asus-transformer|The first thing I wanna say is that I am a long time user of Asus products and I have always been absolutely satisfied with their products. This, however, is the first product from Asus I cannot fully endorse. I ordered two of these at the recent sale price. If I had paid full price, at least one of them would be going back.The good: Despite what many others have complained about, the screen is actually very responsive. The transitions are nice and smooth. The brightness, contrast l, etc., are all more than adequate, even with bright surroundings. Yes, its true that its not good enough to view if the Sun is right on it. Seriously, who does that, anyway? The hardware specs, memory, processor, etc., are best in class. This will not compete with a premium i7 core tab, but thats a whole other class at a much, much higher price point. Hdmi out plus keyboard option with USB means this thing could replace an old, slow laptop, or at least provide you the flexibility of and with extended run times that would blow any Netbook away. As for those of you who say there are wifi issues on this tab, you might want to check your router and/or ISP. The wifi on this thing is better than on my Asus G75VW and HTC Evo 4g LTE.The bad: One unit has two stuck on pixels. Not a deal breaker because pixels are so darn tiny nowadays, but still. No excuse for stuck on pixels. Other than the poor quality control on the part of inspector number twelve that missed two stuck on pixels, the tabs are actually well put together. My real gripe is software/firmware related. First of all, Asus really dropped the ball with the included software and related widgets. Their widgets are just plain old bad. There is also no Asus music player. I have owned many Android devices. The "house" brand music player is always the best. Asus didnt even try. You get stuck with that terrible Play Music app. And, there is not a single good player in the store, you are SOL for music on this. Major bummer. I wish I could copy over my HTC music player and widgets to this tab. HTC knows how to do it right. Finally, there is a major (at least in my opinion) bug with the firmware that causes files to lose tag information and/or extention during PC to tab transfer. Completely inexcusable. 1/3 of the songs lose some tag data during transfer. Basically, the whole audio/video experience for me on this tab is a washout.Final thoughts: If you can get this on a good sale, its worth it. Otherwise, save a few more dollars and get something else.
asus-transformer|ASUS Transformer TF300 T-B1-BL 10.1-Inch 32 GB Tablet (Blue)3rd UPDATE NOV 15 (system keeps rebooting)-------------After the 2nd time at the service center, the touch screen was replaced. When we received the tablet back the touch screen worked perfectly. HOWEVER, the tablet now continuously reboots itself. We can't even go 5 minutes without it rebooting. Even when we're not touching or using the tablet I noticed it just reboots itself. After 3+ of purchasing this tablet we still have not been able to use it and I'm assuming customer support will tell me to send the tablet back to the service center for a 3rd time. Don't they test their products before selling them to the public. Any confidence in Asus products has gone out the window and I would never purchase anything of there's in the future and i would recommend for anyone to stay away!2nd UPDATE OCT 25 (touch screen still does not work after being serviced)-------------After contacting support, I was told to create an RMA and ship the tablet to one of the service centers. After a couple of week I received the tablet back, when I turned on the tablet the initial screen worked and and i set it down. When I came back and had to swipe the lock, ONCE AGAIN THERE WAS NO RESPONSE FROM THE TOUCH SCREEN and I CANNOT DO ANYTHING WITH THE TABLET.What was the use of spending my money to ship the tablet to the service center and they can't even fix the issue! Once again I'd recommend NOT purchasing this product, even when you ship it back to get repaired they send it back with the same issues.------------------------------FIRST COMMENT (touch screen does not work)Bought this tablet a month and a half ago. Without even installing any apps the system started constantly freezing. Its completely useless when everytime I try to browse or open gmail the system freezes. Rebooting and cold rebooting doesn't help.Then 2 weeks after amazons 30 day return policy, the touch screen completely stopped working.I tried to reboot, cold reboot, wipe data and now all i get is the startup screen when you boot up the tablet for the very first time and because the touch screen does not work I can't get past the initial page.When the tablet is working, it's great!! But needless to say as much as I do not want apple products, maybe I should have gone with an ipad. As much as Asus is still probably trying to work things out with their technology, my suggestion to you is to stay away from Asus tablets. More of a waste of time trying to get repaired and probably a complete waste of $300.
asus-transformer|I purchased this and am relatively happy with it with the exception of a couple of issues.1.the unit shuts down and turns off randomly2. the wifi shuts off and wont turn back on unless you completely shut off the unit and restart it completely.3. on the dark screen, you can see the light protruding along the edges of the screen in certain spots.otherwise great
asus-transformer|Update: The tablet has been serviced twice (motherboard replacement etc.) to no avail. The bottom line is it's hardware is fine but ADB does not work in the bootloader (i.e., no easy full backup of the system) and attempts to pair with my Lenovo smartphone lead to bootloops after the next restart and turning Bluetooth on.* * *This is my first tablet but I also use an inexpensive Android 4.0.3 phone that proved much more stable in my experience. Same is true for my ASUS netbook, and that was the reason for choosing TF300T. In my opinion, its hardware is decent for the price and is probably not flawed in my device. Yet while its failure to handle some videos might be attributed to software players, three bootloop crashes in a couple of months are most likely caused by ASUS firmware and imperfections in (its version of?) Android. Most disturbingly, none of the problems could be solved by any means other than a full wipe.Two of the crashes occured each within a day after updating ASUS firmware (with hardly any 3d party software installed or ASUS applications disabled). In the first case the tablet restarted endlessly, in the second it got stuck at ASUS logo while loading the system. The third bootloop occured a few minutes after a restart, when the tablet was not in use and the only application launched was the default Android Bluetooth connection.I am an experienced problem solver in other systems yet TF300T forced me to waste quite a few hours of forum reading and experimenting with recovery options - all to no avail (currently I do not intend to root or unlock the device).Asus email support was remarkably insulting both in its complete irrelevance and in further robotic persistence to remain utterly inadequate. This rating would have been 3 stars if the representative had demonstrated any inclination to actually read my message. Compiling a detailed and well-structured description of the problem + my initial troubleshooting was a complete waste of time. Since I reside outside US, sending the device for warranty repair or exchange is not a practical solution at this point.To sum up, my tablet charges fast and works reasonably well for a while but is not reliable in certain usage scenarios. I believe the hardware design of this model is OK but the Android firmware has been problematic so far. Let us hope for a more stable update, back up frequently in the meantime... and remember we are on our own when it comes to email support from Asus.
asus-transformer|Sept 3 2012. Got this tablet from Amazon three days ago. I bought this to stream Netflix and Amazon movies. The TF300 won't do either one due to Adobe Flash not being supported. This is really a big deal.The installed email client hangs forcing me to use web mail on all 4 of my email accounts.On some apps the virtual buttons require up to 6 finger taps to initiate the button. On other apps the screen buttons work perfect.So far can't get the tablet to work on the home network. Some of the problem is probably Windows stuff but the Windows machines don't even see the tablet but the tablet sees the Windows machines. Networks are always a pain.The hardware seems to work great but the software is weak. The fiddle factor seems high to do anything useful. All the great reviews made me believe this tablet might work out of the box. Not working out that way.Bluetooth and GPS and camera work great.I will fiddle with it for a few more days but atm I am undecided about this tablet.Btw, when ordering this tablet one has a choice of blue or white. Does anyone know what that means? It sure does not refer to the color of the tablet. I ordered blue and got black even though the box said blue. The Amazon ads for the white one also show black. Guess you can order any color you want as long as it is black.More later.
asus-transformer|This is the only second tablet I have owned, the Kindle Fire being the first. While the Fire is the best at reading ebooks and with Amazon based services, I can now see where it is severely restrained compared to full fledged tablets, since it meant to be mainly an Amazon based device.The TF300 is quite a leap forward in abilities and options. And that's not including the keyboard. The TF300 runs the few games and apps I have tried, so far, without a glitch.Pros:It is extremely fast.It has lots of memory( I got the 32gig), and options to add more( micro sd on the tablet and full sd card with the keyboard).The 10 inch display is stunningly beautiful.The tablet is not too heavy for its size.The wifi is very strong.The GPS works great.The body of the tablet feels solid.Keyboard option.I haven't found any of the problems others have so far. Looks like I got a good one, like most others have, right out of the box.I made sure to do the software updates immediately after powering it up, that is always a great idea.My choices had been down to the Iconia 510 and this ASUS TF300. While I really like specs on both, the $50 extra Acer wanted was not justified buy the very sight edge it had in a couple of areas over the TF300, plus the TF300's keyboard option along with ASUS's excellent customer service ( based on many customer and professional reviews) were the deciding factors in my choice to by the TF300.My only cons so far are: The single speaker slot and its placement. Speakers widely separated at the top of the tablet would have been better.(Still, the sound quality is very, very good and plenty loud.)The ports could have used covers. Even so,the microsd card would be extremely hard to eject by accident, a big plus.In the 3 days I've had it, I have been putting many hours in to learning the tablet. These are the only cons I have found so far.It seems to me to be the best bang for the buck at this time.
asus-transformer|This is a great tablet, and when you factor in the price it is an incredible value for the money. I was basically looking for a simple tablet to read PDF documents and surf the internet. This is very fast and responsive. I have an Android phone, so all of my apps and contacts came right over with very little effort. One I find very useful is Logmein, the tablet is a great size to access my office desktop. Videos on Netflix are very smooth. The one negative I read about prior to purchase was screen brightness, I was prepared for the worst but I think the brightness is fine. I'm not sure what all the chatter was about. I would highly recommend this tablet.
asus-transformer|To begin with, i have to say this is my first review ever in Amazon for buying more than hundreds of products. This is really a good tablet, it does all the jobs a tablet should do, but not confined to those. It is so good that i have to leave a comment here.This is my first tablet, but i have played with new ipad for a long time (one of my family members owns one). Of course new ipad has a more sleek outlook and better resolution.other than these two feature, i think tf300t totally out-wins the new ipad. The performance is much better, especially graphical operations,thanks to the nvidia tegra3. Also, the operating temperature is much lower than the new ipad.Equipped with the latest 4-core processor, tf300t runs almost all the apps i can find smoothly. I am a graduate student studying physics and most ofthe time i read papers on my laptop. I found reading papers (pdf format as well as djvu) on tf300t is more comfortable. The screen is large enough for a standard letter-sized document, and the brightness is very good in various environment. I recommend a free app called Orion viewer, which is very professional and reads documents ultra fast. It comes with built-in kindle viewer, whichis also very sweet.For web browsing, the built-in browseris a bit unstisfactory as mentioned in other reviews. The dolphin browser is the best replacement. It runs very smoothly, and once i got used to the gesture function, it is as fast and convenient as browsing webpages on my laptop. It also supports all the webpages that i usually read. In sort, it is just like my laptop, but with much less weight. Very easy to carry around, without even noticing its weight.It takes all my music and videos; plays fullHD movies flawlessly. I recommend VX movie player as well as dice movie player. Photo and camera quality is okay, not very impressive though.The battery life is about 8 to 10 hours of normal ussage. Good enough fora normal day use i think.I forgot to mention that the screen glass is not as hard as the best commercial grade, such as its brother Transformer tf201. I did not count this as a flaw though; you get what you pay for. Also, it can be easily resolved by applying a screen protector. I bought Poetic ProFilm Screen Protector Anti-Glare for Asus Transformer TF300 (3-pack) and Made By Poetic, it does its job without affecting the transparency---you wont even notice. I also bought Poetic Slimbook Leather Case for the Asus Transformer TF300 Black with Build In Stand (3 Year Manufacturer Warranty From Poetic)(Has Open Slot for Charger Port)(Business Card Holder is Plus), very classic outlook and it does it job.In conclusion, considering the price and performance, i think tf300t is the one of the optimal choices of tablet. Oh, and also, this review is written by tf300t.
asus-transformer|Two months ago, I had no interest in a tablet of any kind. I had my laptop, and my smart phone, and couldn't see how a third device could fulfill me any more than what I already had. Enter the Kindle Fire. After many months of hinting/cajoling/begging/whining I made sure my wife got a Fire for Mothers day, which of course required some setup by me, and I said to myself, "Self, this is almost a really good device. With a bigger screen, a little more storage space, and a little more customizability, this would be awesome."I almost made a misstep. I very nearly purchased a refurbed Motorola Xoom, but fortunately did my homework, and landed on the Asus Transformer Pad as the device for me. The hardware packaged inside the Transformer Pad appears to be unmatched in a dollar/performance comparison with any other tablet currently available, and the package itself is very attractive to my eyes. The features available both software and hardware wise have seen me using my laptop much less, and my tablet much more. So far I have purchased a very nice, and inexpensive case for protection, and the dock/USB adapter. The USB adapter has allowed me to connect storage devices from USB thumb drives, to a USB floppy drive - and they all just work. I connected an XBox 360 controller USB wireless adapter, synced a controller, and it worked. Every app I've thrown at it, works. The video editor "Movie Studio" works. Battery life is phenomenal whether the Pad is on, or off. Threw in a 32GB MicroSD card and loaded it up with music, and again, everything works. Overwhelmingly, I have had pleasant experiences with the Asus Transformer Pad TF300T, and am looking forward to a long time enjoying my purchase, especially if I can ever bring myself around to getting the keyboard/dock to go along with it.Of course, not everything is roses. For completeness sake; a list of the foibles that I don't care for.The dock connector: I would much prefer a standard micro USB connector - since that's what every other device I have uses for charging and communications.The speakers: Sound quality is great, but with the speakers right next to each other there's no stereo separation. Which begs the question, why have two speakers?The MicroSD card has popped out once. I don't think it will be a problem in general, but I did manage to hit it just right once to unintentionally pop it into the ejected position.Charging: Due to the large battery, it only charges correctly when connected to high voltage/USB3 connections.The internet Browser: As mentioned elsewhere, the browser does "hang up" for several seconds many times just before the page completes loading. Not every time, but it can get annoying.It's too big to use comfortably as a reader sometimes - like laying down to sleep - this is the one area where the Kindle Fire comes out ahead.None of these issues I have are anywhere near deal breakers, and most likely there will never be a device that is perfect, so my recommendation is definitely to buy if you're in the market. Again, I am very satisfied with my nearly four-hundred dollar purchase, and in comparison with the similar devices I've seen (the "New" iPad, Galaxy Tabs, Kindle Fire), I think my Transformer Pad takes the cake.
asus-transformer|This tablet is everything that I love about my Android smartphone in a larger, more user-friendly format. The display quality is superb and very nice for watching streaming video. Very cool to watch NetFlix kicking back on the couch wearing earbuds. :) This unit seems well-built and offers speedy performance.The only thing preventing my 5-star rating is the supplied Web browser. It has trouble displaying some sites, and somewhat prone to crashing (just the browser!). I tried using Google Chrome, but found it worse at displaying websites in general (Odd, since it's Google's OS :-/). Hopefully, I can find a Web browser for Anroid that works as well as its desktop version. :)
asus-transformer|I'm so glad I bought this product!General:I use this for my work everyday, I am in IT and it's great to be able to read emails easily anywhere in my buildings and access the internet in a much better way than what my phone(HTC Thunderbold) can do. I love android and I believe Asus really took advantage of the ICS layout and really brought out the best with it. Two reasons I really love android are brought out in this tablet: 1.Asus built some simple yet useful widgets(I love widgets) 2. Multi-tasking/App-managing really shines with ICS and is great for a tablet. You can end or switch between apps very easily and even change music w/o having to leave your current position simply tap the bottom right-hand corner. Power management with the TF300 is great as well, with this tablet being so powerful that it can be used for gaming it was necessary for Asus to put in an easy-to-use power management profiles that you can easily switch between. Battery life on this tablet is great lasting easily all day with off-n-on use. One thing I really believe is a con is the front-camera; it makes me sad that I'm yet to see a tablet that has a good front-camera so that I can easily skype with my friends and family. They complain that the image is pix-elated. Below are some of the reasons why I purchased this tab over the others.Storage:Plenty of storage on this device for music, videos, pictures and whatever else you want and great cause it has a micro sd port!Battery:It was a decent battery life I'm not a hard user with it but I use it frequently I took it off the charger this morning and after reading on the bus for over 30 minutes, playing music for an hour while surfing the web and receiving and sending a dozen emails, I'm halfway through the day and still 85% battery life. For the price its great, if you want something a little extra go with the Asus Transformer Prime, that has an over 3 hours more of extra battery life(according to the engadget.com battery test).Processor:This is the first series of tablets to sport the Tegra 3 processor, that's 4 cores!! To be honest as we all know though, it's not just about quantity but quality. This tablet maximizes the use of those 4 cores. In the 5 days of me using this tablet I have experienced slowing when I decided to test how many widgets and apps I could run before it started slowing(by the way that was on power saving mode as well, which reduces the processor speed)Display:The Display is great, makes reading fun. I have noticed a bit of glare issue but that happens with all displays, honestly have not noticed that much; I can still read just fine while on the bus and the sun shining on me. The automatic brightness only adjusts when you unlock it so if you have your tablet on and are moving in-n-out "dark/light" areas it will not adjust. But even on the lower brightness settings I can read just fine.Note-taking:The note app that it comes with works great, I bought a stylus as well and it makes it a lot easier for input. My brother got the keyboard dock and I did notice that the cursor(when the track-pad is in use) is sometimes registered as a "touch" on the screen, creating unwanted lines or spaces (this did not happen 100% of the time, hence sometimes).Keyboard Dock:I already lightly touched on this but at first I was not interested in buying this; yes it would be great to have a few more hours of battery life and yes it would be nice to have a keyboard to type with. But I was concerned that it would be too big for the battery or not big enough for the keyboard. My brother purchased this dock and I was able to test it out. I liked it! The keyboard was still big enough to type on, yes you have to get used to it but it's no Everest, it's more like hill. The size is great, just as or smaller than your average net-book.Price:When I bought this tab it was 385 and it was worth every dollar.Overall:I love this tablet and I recommend it to anyone who is looking to buy a tablet. This is one of the highest rated tablets out there right now and is still cheaper than the old iPad2 (except refurbished). You will not be disappointed! Amazon gives a great price to a great product and shipping is free and it came in 3 days.
asus-transformer|Had this tablet for a few weeks now and I am not having any regrets. I am a pretty big technology freak and love having the latest and greatest so when this came out, especially at the price it came out at, I had to have it. I also bought the keyboard dock that is compatable with it and it works perfectly well together with it. I am not new to tablets, I own a Acer W500, I briefly owned the Acer A500, the nook color and the iPad 2. I also bought 4 different phones in the last year because of this electronic addiction I have, but I really believe this tablet is a fine piece of electronic.I did notice the light bleed, at first I was worried especially since it does get worse if you flex it, but after using it for quite a while, i don't notice it at all.The back is not the worlds most sturdy thing but i think it will work out fine. As expected, the screen is a fingerprint magnet, the cloth they provide works surprisingly well though.With the keyboard I think this is as close to a laptop/netbook replacement as it gets.Pros:-Nice and light-Runs games flawlessly-With keyboard, writing is easy-Amazing Capabilities-Screen is bright (I know that the Prime does have Super IPS +)-Long battery life, especially with the keyboard battery.Cons:-There is that lightbleed + flex-Having the hardest time trying to find a stable browser as they all seem to crash, not frequently but enough to be annoying (Tried everything- Chrome, Dolphin, Boat, Firefox, Stock ,ended up with Maxthon for tablets)- It's pretty sharp around the sides and can start to hurt after a while when holding it.Hints- If you have a good stable internet connection, the best way to do any office editing would be to get Onlive desktop and use it with the keyboard and you instantly have an awesome computer that can edit Microsoft Office stuff perfectly-Plugging in a controller (such as a wired Xbox 360 controller) in the USB slot on the keyboard makes this thing a dream to play games on such as GTA 3 or Shadow gun not to mention N64.. going to test if PSX will work on this tablet-Like others have said, if using the keyboard, learn where the mousepad toggle is.Summary- This is an awesome tablet at an extremely reasonable price. I highly recommend it to anyone, especially those who like to tinker around with electronics. Even being 6'6 and 210 lbs, the keyboard works fine for my fat long fingers. Get the keyboard and make your tablet a real transformer. As an avid electronic guy, this thing gets a thumbs up from me.
asus-transformer|I got this tablet about 2 weeks ago now and have really really enjoyed every minute with it. I had a transformer prime previously which I returned because of poor wireless performance. My TF300T, though, has been outstanding! It has worked flawlessly. The screen is great and gets more than bright enough for 99% of uses. I rarely even need to turn the brightness all the way up. I also got the keyboard dock and have really appreciated the boost it gives to typing speed over the touchscreen (I use it to write in my digital journal). The battery life is great; recently took the tablet on a 3 day weekend trip but never even had to pull out my cord for charging.The screen is snappy and responsive. The colors are rich and bright. The plastic back doesn't feel cheaply made at all and I don't miss the cold metal of the prime. The slightly thicker TF300T is actually a lot more comfortable to hold than the prime was. I always felt like the prime was cutting into my palms when I held it, but not so with the 300. The camera takes good photos and videos and the microphone does a great job picking up sounds in a room.The price was great. I'm very glad I decided to go for the TF300T; no buyers regret here.
asus-transformer|This tablet is a bargain at this price point. I've experienced none of the issues that I have read in other reviews. Build quality is solid. Why anyone would want to press down on the screen or back of the tablet hard enough to get the screen to distort is a mystery to me. There is slight light bleed on dark backgrounds, but it is only noticible if you are looking for it. I have experienced no random reboots. My unit has no dead pixels. The play market was running a little slow when I was installing my apps. That is something a software update can easily correct. The build of ICS on this tablet is as close to vanilla as you can get. Going from my Galaxy Nexus to this tablet was an easy transition. Compared to my iPad 2 this tablet is a tad bit slower. Hopefully a couple software updates can remedy it. I love android and its customizabilty. IOS is just too boring for me at this point in time. Also I don't like the lackluster mutitasking capabilities. The iPad 3 is not much of an upgrade over the iPad 2. Higher screen resolution/ better rear camera just didn't do it for me. It takes twice as long to charge and has less battery life. Anyway enough of the iPad 3. In conclusion, I have high hopes for the combination of tegra 3 and ICS.
asus-transformer|I have an android phone and had no experience with tablets. I was waiting for a good ICS tablet to come along. The reviews on this one were quite good, so I took a shot. I'm glad that I did.The TF300 is a beautiful tablet. I felt right at home with ICS even though my phone has Gingerbread. All of my apps downloaded seamlessly once I registered my gmail address. I like that I don't have to pay for any of the apps I already paid for on my phone. It has only been a day but I've tried reading a kindle book, watched TV from my Vulkano (slingbox like device), logged into my work computer with logmein, run my home security/entertainment system, and even watched a seminar on GotoMeeting. I'm definitely going to get some use out of this baby! Wifi range is excellent by the way. Outdoor use of the screen is no worse than my phone and I can barely get away using it in bright sun. But that is what the more expensive TF700 will be good at when it is released. Not a dealbreaker.I do have one small issue that I wonder if someone could comment on. After an hour or two of use, I'm getting some flickering green horizontal 1/8 inch lines along the entire left edge of the screen. Using the "recently used apps" button seems to bring it on and the only way to eliminate this issue is to reboot. I hope it is not a hardware issue, but am going to keep an eye on it and see if it persists.Anyway, Asus is to be commended for coming out with such a nice tablet at a reasonable price point.
asus-transformer|Got my cool, red 32GB TF300T on September 17th. Was super excited and at first loved using it.After about a week, the touchscreen would occasionally freeze and require a reboot to get going again. Annoying, especially on a brand new device, but not critical. However, the touchscreen issue became more frequent. Before long, a reboot wouldn't get it going again and I had to cold boot Android. That did work, for a while.Three weeks in, the touchscreen froze completely and no amount of rebooting, cold booting, or even letting the battery drain and recharging it would get it going again. What I didn't realize was it was already past the return-by date. Yes, you only have TWO WEEKS to return a defective unit, after that it's send it for repair and hope for the best. I must have missed this when they didn't include a copy of the warranty in the box and when the link to the warranty for my product in my region was broken on their website.I called Asus customer support and they gave me an address for a local repair center. I was willing to try, so I went and they took it in. The repair took twice as long as they said it would, but it was returned with a replaced main board in apparently working condition. Kind of a major repair needed there on a three week old product, but okay.Got it home and noticed two weird things: 1, it was running some kind of diagnostic ROM (it had diagnostic apps on it and there was a red border flashing around the screen sometimes. Looked in the settings under tablet info and it said the system was running something called open-english-epad-a-bunch-of-numbers-testkeys instead of Android 4.0). The next day, the battery stopped charging when plugged in, and the day after that the frozen touch screen issue recurred. Totally dead, unusable device. Again.I wrote to the Asus customer loyalty email address describing exactly my customer experience and increasing lack of loyalty to this brand and received a phone call recommending I take it to a different repair center. They were also going to call ahead and tell them I was coming over.I took it to repair center #2. They were indeed expecting me, they took the tablet in and asked if they could do a factory reset. I said sure, but asked that they make sure to reinstall Android 4.0 ICS and NOT update to Jelly Bean because I'm not sure I want it yet. OK, no problem, they said.I waited half an hour and they reset it and said it was working now. I looked at it and checked in the settings, finding they had updated it to Jelly Bean even though I'd asked them not to. They told me it was ICS that caused the problem and to accept the update. I said no, I would update it if and when I chose to, and it was not their decision. Besides, why would ICS be causing the problem when thousands of TF300s are running ICS just fine, and this particular device failed while running ICS AND their weird diagnostic ROM? They finally agreed to roll it back for me and took it back in, returning 15 minutes later to say it was going to take 5 hours to download and flash the original ROM back to the device and could I come back tomorrow.I returned the next day and was told that the touchscreen failed again before they could reinstall ICS. So, not exactly the ICS software issue they thought it was, huh? Now they were going to order a new touchscreen and install it. Right about now is when even the most patient customer is looking for a replacement device. By this time I was getting pretty skeptical about their ability to perform a successful repair, but I agreed again to let them try. They thought they could get it done by the following day and they would call me.The following day they did not call me, so I called them. The lady told me they had not replaced the touchscreen, that they still believed it was a software issue and that they wanted to send it away for extensive testing. Essentially they had no idea what the problem was, they also had no idea when the unit might be returned to me. I said no. I was not going to accept this software theory. It was obviously a defective device with hardware problems. I said please repair it correctly ASAP or give me a new unit. I was TIRED of waiting to use my tablet and TIRED of this seemingly endless servicing. She said she'd call me back tomorrow.Again they did not call me back, so I went in today and asked them what was going on. Now they're back to replacing the touchscreen, supposedly today or tomorrow. Who knows whether or not this one will work. I've asked them repeatedly to replace the device, but apparently that window closed two weeks after I received it. No exceptions. I'm left feeling that, even if there are an additional hundred failed repairs, they will not stand behind their product and replace it.I have had this device now for two months. It has worked correctly for about 10 days.People have said that we should rate the device, not experiences with duds etc. But I feel this experience is important for people considering purchasing this product. There's some pretty serious evidence on this site and others that suggest this tablet has unusually poor quality control and perhaps is made with unreliable parts. Even still, the specs are good and those without hardware issues love their TF300s, so cool. No big deal. This might be a one-off. I'd probably agree, but with a customer service department that has no problem putting people in repair limbo and will not, under any circumstances, replace a defective unit returned less than a month after purchase, are you willing to take the risk? In my experience, setting fire to $400 would have been faster and less frustrating because I sure haven't received a device I can use yet.I recommend you don't buy a TF300. If I had a re-do I'd buy a Samsung. Possibly it might be smart to stay away from Asus altogether, I can't say for sure. All I know is that I won't buy any of their products in the future.Good luck,DeePS: If you already have one and it gets glitchy, return it ASAP and hope it's soon enough to get a replacement under their micro-warranty. Also, hope the new one isn't sketchy, too. If it failed after 14 days and you have to go the repair route, all I can say is good luck.UPDATE:The screen has been replaced and is now working (mostly) normally. There's a bug here or there, like a minute ago when I was typing and long strings of " P"s were randomly being typed into the body of my text. I'm just going to pray like crazy it's no big deal because I REALLY don't want to go through the glacial service process again.Should I ammend my review? Add stars? I really don't think so. The time between purchasing this device and being able to use it was two and a half months. That's a serious fail. And, I paid full price for a new unit and the one I received is now refurbished with at least two major parts having been replaced in some dusty Chinese repair bay (not racist, I live in Shanghai).Poor quality control, barely adequate warranty, difficult service scheme, really poor customer experience. My review stands. They should have replaced the unit for me after the first failed repair. I don't recommend you take your chances with this device.If I had a do-over I'd go with Samsung.
asus-transformer|I agreed with some reviewers about some suspiciously excellent reviews.First at all the cons:sluggish browsing, despite a noticeable improvement over tf101/w ICS, it's still a work in progress. some times I get unresponsive messages, or some other times my browser just close out.Browser issues, I tried them all, skyfire, chrome, firefox beta, browser ICS, opera, dolphin all of them behave erratically randomly.Screen quality is so so, not as great as tf201 and overall not better(visually) than tf101some google play store apps/games no longer worked. some games behave funny, seems like some compatibility issues towards tegra 3 chipset.Wifi Issues, sometimes it takes an unusual extra time just to display some pages. Sometimes it get stock in certain page and have to restarted.Pros:Noticeable improvement regarding 720p reproduction. I'm 99% satisfied here, some occasional glitches or hiccups are tolerable and acceptable while reproducing 720p mkv videos.Sound quality is pretty good.GPS works great comparing to tf201 or even the tf101Construction quality is ok for me.Doesn't get hot as tf101 does.My dock is coming tomorrow, will update the review once I play with. As a format owner of the following tablets: ipad 3, ipad 2, kindle fire, hp touchpad, blackberry playbook, tf101 and now the tf300t, you have to ask yourself a question before slashing $550 plus tax for the unit(dock included)Is it worth to spend that kind of money on the tf300t just to be able to check emails, play somes games and/or watch movies?.update 5/11/12: after receiving my dock and start testing it I found some hardware/software issues as "Flickering along the left edge of the screen", a reboot is necessary when this happen, this start happening right after I attached the dock. Never without it. So far two occurrences keep me worried about this issue. Hopefully a new firmware update will get this fixed, but in order to happen we have to let asus know about this, is not enough to go to forum as xda developers and post our issues and concerns there, we have to report this type of incident directly with Asus.Wake up issue when dock attached: it doesn't wake up the unit if you use the touchpad or the mouse buttons, finally I realized the tab key on the dock does the trick as long as option called "mobileDock battery saving mode" is disabled. however once I did this my dock drained out in 3 hours in sleeping mode. I got this fixed simply installing the app "juicy defender plus"Tegra 3 compatibility issues with several games, most of them fixed after rebooting, the game just freeze after 10-15 seconds. but tf300t touch controls remain responsive.Overall I'm happy with my unit, my expertise level as a system administrator (IT director) allow me to get around these issues quickly, but I cannot imagine an end user dealing with these annoyances. Must be frustrating for them. hopefully Asus will get those issues fixed in time, eventually.Shame on Asus for such poor quality control in their tablets line up. this is a 2nd generation tegra 3 product, they had plenty of time to learn from their mistakes w/ tf201(prime). It's unbelievable how a company release a product in such poor working state. my tf101 was RMA twice, my tf101 dock once and those were bought brand new. my tf201 preorder was never delivered, got charge twice and waited for 45 days with no success, apparently wasn't asus fault, despite the fact "worst buy" directly blamed Asus for short supply. I never learn from my mistakes. Hopefully a new breed of tegra 3 competitors(tablets) will emerge anytime soon with faster and improved SoC's(28nm instead 40nm fab process on tegra 3 SoC) as samsung exynos quad core and qualcomm snapdragon S4.
asus-transformer|This is a great little machine. But, it will not replace your notebook or desktop for heavy work, such as spreadsheets, complex writing, document management and finances. Reason: the software for all tablet devices is too unrefined at this time to support such tasks.The machine is well suited for reading and sending emails, reviewing documents and photographs, doing Internet tasks, making on-line purchases, video communication, etc. I do not play video games and can not comment on same.I am writing these comments on my tf300 equipped with the docking station (keyboard), 32GB memory card , carrying case (all purchased at Amazon last week for $752). Add $6 for a better email program (Kaitan Mail) and a spell-checker (ABC Spell Checker).Hardware - no complaints. My machine is rugged enough - nothing flimsy. The docking station firmly latches onto the tablet and provides a solid work platform. When folded together, the dock and tablet protect each other. Excellent keyboard. Keys have a good touch. The special keys on the top row are well thought out. I spent $13 on a neoprene case, which pulls over the unit like a well-fitted sock.Wi-Fi reception is greater than 300 linear feet. I sat on a chair across the street from my house watching a T-Ball Game two hours ago and had 100% linkage with my Fios router. And, the first floor walls of my house are 18 inch thick solid granite rock, which acted as a barrier between the machine amd the router.With 64 GB of storage, I have more than enough space for everything. I archive my photos, documents and financial data in a 750 GM Western Digital Remote Hard Drive. I hooked that drive up to the machine's USB port on the dock and transferred about 2 GB of photos to my memory card in about 2 minutes.The batteries in the tablet and the dock will give you at least 9 hours of heavy use without a re-charge.In summary, I feel that the hardware is solid.The limitations for the device are software based.First, you MUST spend the six dollars to get a decent email program and spell checker. Now, my personal computing days started in 1980. Back then, the spell checker 5-1/4 inch diskette for my Syntrex Computer cost $600.00. Every upgrade was $600. The word processing program was $600. So was the spreadsheet program. I write this because I spent from 1980 through about 2000 living through the hell of terrible software. The hardware was always more sophisticated than the software. 30 years ago, you had no choice - either a $12,000 primative Syntrex computer with 5-1/4 inch diskettes - one for data and the other for the program you were using. Or, an IBM Selectric Typewriter retrofitted with a card reader - one card for each page of text.I have spent about 36 hours with the Asus Transformer tf300. I am more than just plain satisfied with it. The machine has plenty of horsepower. What is sorely needed is better software.I have experienced zero breakdowns - either hardware or software. The machine came equipped with the Android 4.03 operating system. I have found it to be reliably stable. But, this is not Windows XP, which I run on my other machines.The first thing that I did was connect the tablet to the dock and plug the dock into a wall outlet. Only after I got the green light (the change from orange - charging - - to green - charged) did I attempt to do anything. I read too many comments written by folks who did not charge their machine fully and experienced problems.The next thing I did was download all of the software updates. Then, I installed the same password to unlock this machine that I have will all of my other computers.Email - forget the generic email shipped with the machine. It has no spell-checker. And, you have to delete the garbage in your "trash" folder one item at a time. Spend $5 and buy Kaiten Mail. You must spend one more Dollar to get ABC Spell Checker. You write text of your emails in ABC and then press the send button to ship the email via Kaiten and your email server.Because of software limitations, the machine is inefficient. Ok, you can read everything without a problem. But, go ahead and try to write something. Cutting and pasting text - for me - almost impossible. Creating macros - for the expressions you use all the time - your name - address, etc - forget it. I have searched for such programs - they are too primitive.Yesterday, I took the machine to a 9 hour seminar. I was able to retrieve and read all things important to me on the Internet and collect and read my email. The keyboard is excellent - again - the hardware is excellent on this machine.I feel like I am reliving the 1980s of the computing world. This machine could replace my notebook after many major improvements in software. I am biased towards Google. I don't own the stock, but rely heavily on Google's programs, such as its Chrome Browser and Picasa. The better software will come.If you want the convenience of a small computer to handle the basics of your computing needs, then this machine offers you excellent value.
asus-transformer|I've had the TF300 now for 3 days and all is well. I really like this tablet, the feel, the interface, the operating system. ASUS has nailed this one. Is this the IPad beater? Maybe, but it doesn't have to beat it to be a good tablet. Admittedly I'm an not an Apple fan but I have played with a few and I do like how the IPad feels in my hands. I'm just not a fan of the interface, kinda clunky and dated. Now the TF300, it feels great in my hands, the texture on the back makes holding it very easy in either landscape or portrait. To me the interface is modern, intuitive, slick. I have an Android phone and I'm sure that's why I feel comfortable in the interface. I like how the various screens appear to rotate from one to the other. The transition is smooth and attractive. Google has done a nice job with Ice Cream Sandwich, I hope to get it on my phone someday. I guess any review comes down to just two questions. Am I glad I purchased this? Yes, I am very glad I bought the TF300, it does everything I want and looks good doing it. Would I recommend this tablet to friends and family? Most definitely, if they want an Android tablet then this is one to get. Look no further, this is the one you want. Oh, I'd also recommend you purchase it from Amazon, best transactions on the Internet.
asus-transformer|I'll make this one short.Is my 5th tablet, I've had the iPad and 3 other Honeycomb android tablets plus a Kindle Fire. All Honeycomb tablets had issues, they sooner or later had to go back due to defective manufacturing and software glitches. The iPad is a solid performer in the hardware and software aspect but is made for people that like to be told what to do and not do with their devices... Apple has a sick way of doing that and they always leave you wanting more when you know they could have provided all those things they intentionally left out so next year they can introduce it in their new iPad and have you go crazy for the new little feature that your old iPad should have included for the premium you paid.Then comes a solid company like Asus and comes up with a brilliant idea of making "Transformer" tablets, no tablet is perfect and Asus is no exception but the TF300 is everything I want a tablet to be with some room for improvement but not so much you'll cry about it because other have it and you dont. ICS is a very solid OS and has much good to offer. The screen could be better but its more than adequate, plenty of memory for the price with room to grow like a Micro SD slot and with the optional keyboard dock you get a full size SD slot plus you get a full size USB port for attaching external storage devices if you really are one of those that carries movie and music collections around.There's many positive things about this tablet but the one that impresses me the most is "optional" keyboard dock that turns this thing into a mini 10" notebook with a very usable keyboard and it closes and opens just like a notebook and it adds 5 extra hours of battery life. I use mine with a wireless USB mouse and it feels solid and reacts just as good as a good high performance notebook while performing many different task including watching HD movies. The combination of a touch screen and a "real" keyboard and mouse is a very awesome experience.The only reason I don't give it a 5 star is because it does have it's minor software glitches and the screen could have been better but all the pros overcome the cons very quickly and I would not change it for anything else at the moment.
asus-transformer|I have the iPad2 and the Asus TF300T. The Asus blows the iPad2 away:not handcuffed to Applebetter wifi receptionrecords in 1080pbetter web browseroptional keyboard dock that also extends battery life and gives you an extra SD card port and a usb portwidescreen, not 4:3 like the ipad2better cameraThe Asus has 3 modes of operation, performance mode, balanced and power saving modeI can play any song or video I wish without having to go through iTunes.Dosbox runs on it (among others)run out of space? no problem, slap in another micro SD card.HDMI adapter for the iPad2, $35... HDMI adapter for the TF300, $5.00I could go on and on.
asus-transformer|Had for about 3 days now. I love it. Thinking of getting the keyboard dock. I'm still unsure which browser I like better; the default browser or chrome.It does very thing I need it to do; browse with multiple tabs, check emails and watch videos.This is my first tablet so I don't have much to compare against. I did use my mom's ipad3 quite a bit. Only thing that has over this is the screen and apple exclusive products/apps.Typed this review on my tablet with the android keyboard.
asus-transformer|I have owned this tablet for 10 days now and have used it extensively every day (5+ hours a day). I have to say that I couldn't be happier with this tablet's performance. Specifically:Operating System: 4.5/5Android Ice Cream Sandwich runs beautifully on this device. I may have an app close on me once every 2 or 3 days. I know apps crash significantly less often on iOS, but you also have to deal with iTunes which I personally find sluggish and heavy. Homescreen and app drawer transitions are very snappy, I never experience any lag. You can fully customize your homescreen with useful widgets like Gmail and weather that automatically updates you without having to open any applications. I always liked Android more than iOS, and it's because of the customization availableSpeed: 5/5This tablet runs applications and videos for me without missing a beat. I've tested it with several Youtube videos, as well as in-browser Amazon Instant Video streaming and I don't experience any lag, even just on balanced mode. I've also run multiple apps at the same time, often switching back and forth between a couple of games and Google Chat, and the processor handles it perfectly. I've had no problems with internet browsing being slow, but I did immediately download Dolphin Browser for Android, so that may have something to do with it. Web pages load almost as fast as they do on my computer. I have no complaints about the speed of the tablet.Sound: 4/5There is one speaker towards the right of the device (when holding in landscape) that is slightly awkwardly placed. However, the sound quality is still much better than adequate. I was pleasantly surprised by the quality when using it to watch shows on Amazon Instant Video. You can hear clearly words and music.Portability: 5/5The tablet is not heavy, I can hold it in one hand for a long enough time to do what I need to do, and holding it with two hands (while browsing or reading PDF documents for example) is very easy and feels natural. It's a light device that is easy to carry around, and feels sturdy enough so that I don't have to worry too much about damaging it as long as I'm just somewhat careful (it's not like you're going to purposely smash it on the floor or even let it be in a situation like that). The battery life is great as well, I often go 10 hours before needing to charge the tablet, maybe 8 and a half hours for heavy use.Feel: 5/5There are some complaints about the plastic back, but I have absolutely none. I love the feel of holding the tablet, the plastic back feels sturdy to me, and it is pleasant to the touch when holding the device. Also, because of the plastic back, I always get excellent Wi-fi reception, and GPS signal is very strong for me. It found me in less than 30 seconds the first time I tried using it, and it updated my position in real-time in a satellite view while in a car.Display: 5/5*The display is very bright for indoor use and more than meets my needs. I have only noticed light bleed on the bright black boot-up screen of the device, but if I had never seen the device boot up, I wouldn't have known that there was any. I can never tell when I'm playing games, browsing the web, or reading documents. It's bright and displays colors wonderfully, I have no qualms from the display.*-the device is difficult to use in direct sunlight. This isn't affecting my score for it because I don't need it or use it in direct sunlight, but you should know if that's what you want to use it for, you should get the Asus Transformer Prime or wait for the Infinity TF700 for a better screen that's made to be viewed in direct sunlight.Overall: 5/5I love just about everything about this tablet, and would recommend it to any of my friends and family. For the price of $400 dollars for this tablet with 32gb of storage, you're getting a light sleek tablet with a quad-core processor and excellent battery life. If you have any specific questions, ask me in the comments and I will see if I can answer your questions!
asus-transformer|After a long wait I finally got a tablet, and I must say that I am extremely pleased with it as a work tool. I originally got it without the keyboard, but then got the keyboard. With the exception of one application, this is a fantastic device to bring while traveling, and for most things more useful than a laptop. Netflix and the music players work well, but what I really use it is for the following:1. Reading and commenting on technical documents - I treat dropbox as a briefcase, and put work documents there for a trip. I can comment on them with a pen, and can send them to others by email easily from the tablet.2. Books - much easier to read kindle books on this than on laptop or even e-paper reader. Adding notes is easy. The one problem, which is kindle related, is that there are not folders to organize the many books I carry around with me - a whole library in a very small package.3. If you have an android phone, this is the way to go - all my phone apps were added automatically to tablet.4. I have to do work on a linux server - very easy to ssh to servers at work, and run serious programs there. Droidedit makes it easy to edit programs on the server. With vnc one can run X-windows on a server.5. One has all the word/spreadsheet programs needed.6. I use latex for most documents - here the support is not great, but Droidedit has syntax highlighting and one can compile on a server or use scribtex.7. Google apps works well, and it is easy with the keyboard to deal with email.8. When traveling one gets all the newspapers on the tablet where they are easier to read than on laptop - NY Times, Le Monde, etc. New Yorker has poor support, and works better with an ipad unfortunately.9. One of the most fantastic features is with the keyboard one has 12 hours of battery life and holds the screen in a perfect position for watching movies.One can wait indefinitely for the perfect machine, but I have found that the ASUS TF300T is really a great tool, and at this price point it is definitely worth having in addition to a laptop. My colleagues with ipads do not use the keyboard since it does not support the screen well. I find that the one thing that makes this really worth having is the keyboard that allows me to do short trips with not laptop. Without the keyboard, I would have to bring a laptop, in which case the tablet might get left behind because of weight. I find that for short trips and meetings I always bring the tablet with keyboard. A super useful device. Great for reading without the keyboard, and perfect for email and editing with the keyboard.Highly recommended. Using vnc is a bit of effort and so for my purposes 4 stars. It would get 5 stars if android supported an X-windows client - at that point I really would dump the laptop. What distinguishes this tablet from the others is the superior keyboard that dramatically increases the usefulness of the device.
asus-transformer|I bought the Asus Transformer TF300 Tablet along with the Mobile Dock 2 weeks ago today and I love it! I researched Android tablets heavily for the last 9 months and was even skeptical about the TF300 at first. I had read some having screen issues but they were clearly software related and Asus fixed them. I had read other complaints but decided to take a chance on Asus after reading more good reviews than bad.I'll first say that I almost bought the Transformer Prime when it came out but after reading about the flawed design with the metal backing blocking the GPS and Wi-Fi I decided it wasn't worth it. ASUS has fixed that problem with this tablet! Don't be scared away by the blue plastic back. It is NOT cheap and doesn't feel weak like some people have said in these reviews on Amazon and other sites. The tablet feels like a solid build all over. I think internal function and performance is more important than an external piece. I don't know why many desire this aluminum backing. Who cares?! This tablet delivers on it's promise with the hardware!I fired it up, plugged in my Google account and it synced everything I wanted it too and the few things I didn't want to that weren't necessary. FIRST IMPORTANT thing to know about owning an Android phone and then getting and Android Tablet. DO NOT EXPECT ALL OF YOU'RE ANDROID APPS ON YOU'RE PHONE TO WORK ON YOU'RE TABLET! This is where many people are disappointed wrongly. Good news is the tablet will not download all of your apps from you're phone when you launch the Google Play Store for the first time. If it does for some reason, just manually stop it. Then go down through the list and only download apps that you know are optimized already for the tablet. When you click on an app it will even tell you that it is not optimized for the tablet so it helps you out! Then browse through the Google Play Store and look for the section that has "Staff Picks for Tablets". Those are guaranteed apps for tablets. Most other apps are already optimized but you'll usually find out when you first start an app if it was made for tablets or not. If not, just uninstall, don't complain and blame Asus or Android. Blame the developer.Performance:I was really glad that ASUS put the Tegra 3 1.2Ghz Quad-Core CPU in this! And boy does it fly! I have seen VERY LITTLE lag and that was while only in "Balanced mode" and if you put it in "Performance mode" then you will see no lag at all! Google Maps and Earth run so fast and smooth it's an amazing experience! The NVIDIA Graphics in this is a great pair with the CPU because together they give you zero lag gaming and graphics display. Download Riptide GP, it's a paid app but it's worth the money to showcase the power of this tablet! Running Live wallpapers and doing other intensive tasks doesn't even begin to slow down this tablet!Screen:Many people have said they are disappointed with the display because it's only 1280x800 and only has 350 nits of brightness and it's not as good as the Transformer Primes 600 nits and Super IPS+ but they have the same resolution so I don't know what the big deal is. This screen is amazing! Don't let the bad reviews fool you! At the highest brightness it is uncomfortable to look at for more than a few minutes! Ideally 50% brightness is the better setting but I keep mine down around 30-40% on the brightness fader even when I'm at home or work and it's fine! Colors are crisp, everything displays great so trust that the screen is fine with the 'super' in front if the IPS. :)Camera's, Mobile Dock, etc.The 8MP camera is not that bad. The pictures are of decent quality. But who really is going to use it a lot on a tablet? That's mostly reserved for your smartphone nowadays. And anyone taking photography seriously will buy a real DSLR camera. You don't buy a tablet for it's camera, it's just kind of a convenience. The 8MP on my Samsung Galaxy S2 is much better than this 8MP but that's okay because I know that for this price point the camera sensor quality wasn't a huge priority probably. The front camera (and back) is good though for video chat like Skype. That's probably the most valuable role the cameras will play.The mobile dock is worth it! I know it's an extra $130+ but it's a huge part of the whole package that ASUS designed. I really like it and when it's docked you get extra battery life and full keyboard functionality. I know there's a track pad but I still find myself using the touchscreen even when docked. I find I can execute commands faster than using the track pad.I really like Android 4.0. This is my first experience with 4.0 and I like it. It's kind of a learning curve a little coming from the phone version of Android, of which I'm running 2.3 on my Samsung. It's nice having 5 homescreens on the tablet. Live wallpapers look and work like a dream on this! Thanks again to that Tegra 3 CPU! Navigating the app drawer, the settings and other menus are a blast. Everything flows smoothly and works as it should. I haven't found any flaws in the OS so far. The only thing I could say is that sometimes web browsing can lag but that is all depending on which browser you are using! I have found that the best Browser so far is Dolphin Browser HD. 2nd best would be Chrome Beta, then the stock browser, then Firefox. I haven't experienced any other problems with apps. Just be sure it's optimized for you're tablet and you'll be fine!In closing, I got the 32GB version, with the Mobile Dock, and added a 32GB Micro SD Card that I purchased for only $30 from another online vendor because they're prices and selection were better. (Sorry Amazon!) So for around $550 you get what would cost over $700 for an iPad 3! Food for thought!
asus-transformer|Bottom line: If I had to get a second tablet, I wouldn't get another TF300. If some of the problems noted below persist, I may have to return it.Cons -1. I experienced a weird screen anomaly that scrambled some of the icons and settings pages. It would also cause the virtual keyboard to shake up and down rapidly.2. Apps, browser and native email program freeze up all the time, probably about 10-20% of the time.3. The battery drains faster than advertised even with light use, and sometimes even overnight with airplane mode on.4. When the battery is very low, even if it's plugged in, you cannot turn it on for 5 minutes or so until it charges up a little (not sure this is specific to only this tablet).5. The screen is inferior to both the Transformer Prime and the Apple Ipad 2 (its nearest Ipad competitor).6. My wifi connection rarely registers a full signal even though I use the tablet in the same room as the router most of the time.7. It does not have gorilla glass like the Prime or whatever type of specialty glass Apple uses (both from Corning btw). Certainly a cost issue.8. The glass is a smudge and fingerprint magnet.Pros -1. The price is hard to beat for what you get.2. It's android.3. I like the build quality. Even though the back is plastic (to help with gps/wifi), it feels solid with little flex.4. Sleek design, slim and light.5. HDMI out and mirco SD card slot.6. Even when it freezes up in an app the OS remains stable.7. Decent sound.8. Power and volume buttons are slightly raised allowing you to easily access them even when it's a in case.9. Although I didn't buy it, I like the docking keyboard. I have used my coworker's and if I keep the tablet I'll probably buy it.That's it for now. Hope this helps.
asus-transformer|I'd ordered an ACER 700 but returned it because of heat issues and the fact the HDMI port didn't work. Seeing as this is a present for my dad, I needed another tablet quickly. I decided to order the Asus. I knew I was giving up screen quality/resolution but needed a tablet by the end of the week.In short, the TF300 delivers, especially for the price. Quad cores are sweet especially for surfing the net. Compared to the ACER, this is much quicker and snappier.Owning a Xoom and Galaxy Tab 10.1, the Asus feels flimsy, you can twist the body on this thing quite easily. Having said that, I added a Poetic Hardback case which added a lot of stiffness/rigidity to the tablet.I'm very happy with the TF300, screen quality is good, has hdmi out, expandable storage via micro sd card slot, and you can add a USB adapter (which I bought) for external storage. Or in my case, I used the USB adapter to hook up a Logitech combo wireless mouse/keyboard adapter, works perfectly.If it weren't for what I consider flimsy construction (compared to other tablets I own) I'd gladly give this tablet 5 stars. You can't beat the performance of this tablet for the price.
asus-transformer|Let me start with a disclaimer - this is the first tablet I have ever owned. I have seen several reviewers stating that the tablet is good for a first time buyer, but that any buyer who "knows" will think that the TF300 is flimsy and cheaply built.I agree with these reviewers - while in general, I love my TF300, the thing feels pretty flimsy. If you grip the thing in both hands, its WAY too easy to flex the entire tablet and make the LCD bleed light. While I don't advocate for flexing the tablet just to see the light bleed, I'm not happy that its pretty easy to do. Now, the way I see it, I would have bought a case for the tablet regardless of whether the thing flexes easy. However, with as flimsy as the TF300 feels, I don't feel like its a smart move to use this tablet without a good hardback case.Done with the bad. Now for the good.I love this tablet! The TF300 has great hardware. While the screen is not super IPS and thus is a little bit hard to use in direct sunlight, the screen is more than bright enough for easy use in every other situation. In fact, the screen is downright gorgeous. I've compared my tablet directly to a coworker's iPad 3, and actually prefer the black contrast better on the TF300. The Tegra 3 processor is also very zippy - the only slowdowns I have had with the tablet have been internet connection speed related. HD Video plays smoothly and clearly. For what the tablet is designed for, it excels.The tablet even functions very well as a laptop replacement. I purchased the keyboard dock and a bluetooth mouse to accompany the TF300. While it is not a perfect laptop replacement (scrolling using the mouse or mousepad in particular takes a bit of getting used to and is subpar compared to a laptop), using the keyboard and mouse with the pre-installed office suite is simple, easy, and impressively powerful too. The TF300 actually makes a pretty good little word processor. I upgraded from the preinstalled Polaris Office to Office Suite Pro when Amazon had it on sale a few weeks back and have been very happy with my ability to edit legal documents and e-mails on the go using the TF300. I also love the fact that I can work the entire day using the TF300 without needing to be plugged in.In summary, the TF300 is a great little tablet and is an impressive multimedia tool. Coupled with the keyboard dock it makes a pretty good laptop replacement. One star docked for the flimsiness of the build.
asus-transformer|I would still have wanted the TF201, but with its inability to connect to GPS (without the temporarily free dongle) rendered it hopeless. I can only assume that Dilbert's company actually made such a piece of equipment without testing GPS.Anyway, this review is for the TF300. It's pretty much like the TF201, except that the CPU is slightly slower. If anyone can actually tell the difference in speed, they are pretty good, because it is only 0.1MHz difference. It is a dual CPU computer (therefore providing 4 core). In case there is confusion between cores and CPU, it's like an i5. I don't think performance is an issue. It has always been very responsive.I have the 32GB version (don't know if there is less). So far I have not bought an additional micro-memory chip to put in it. There is room for 1. The only other connectors it has on the tablet are the proprietary power/keyboard connector, the micro-HDMI (which I have not tried yet) and the headset, which accepts and uses the model with integrated microphone (or without). Using netTalk, I have been able to make phone calls from the tablet, over wi-fi of course. I hear it is pretty good with Skype too, but I did not try that. If you don't want to use a headset, you can because it does have an internal mike. As for speakers, it only has one, on the right (or bottom) side. Even if there were 2, there is no way you could get stereo sound with speakers so close together, so one is enough.I decided to buy the matching keyboard for it, and now when I show friends my purchase they say "Oh! You bought yourself a notebook.", an then I take it apart and their eyes express surprise and they says "It's a tablet! Oh wow." A friend of mine, pretty much sold on iStuff, said he wished he could have a keyboard that attached to his phone, because my keyboard also has its own battery, and as you use the tablet, it sacrifices itself in order to transfer all its power over to the tablet. The tablet itself has enough power to work decently all day, but with the extra provided by the keyboard, you pretty much cease to check how much you have left because you know you won't run out before you have a chance to recharge it. Charging is relatively fast. That cable that comes with it can get power from an ordinary USB port, but the amount of power would be so low it would take the whole day to recharge from a standard USB. If would still be better than nothing if you didn't have the transformer with you. Using the provided transformer, the tablet and keyboard are recharged within a few hours.The keyboard has support for 1 USB port, which I did not try yet except to recharge my phone. What I found out then is that if the tablet is off (not powered off, just the screen off), the keyboard does not provide power to the USB. That is a flaw as far as I am concerned, because if the tablet screen times out and turns off, you lose USB power. The keyboard has keys that make it possible to use the tablet entirely without touching it, but unfortunately, the bluetooth button is only used to activate/deactivate the tablet's bluetooth. I would have liked to be able to use the keyboard from a distance, without it being connected to the tablet, which would have been nice considering the HDMI port. I could have connected the tablet to the TV, and controlled it from my sofa. I still prefer to be able to have additional power instead, but it would have been a nice feature to have bluetooth on the keyboard too. The keyboard also has room for a regular SD card.As for the software, ICS, I didn't notice much difference between it and Honeycomb I had tried about 2 years ago. That is not a reproach. I hate it when you get a new software update and you can't find how to do anything anymore. The major difference it has, which I didn't think it did not exist before, is that the tablet can be rotated 360 degrees. It will adjust the image in 4 different positions; portrait, portrait upside-down, landscape and landscape upside-down. (The upside-down is relative to the tablet of course, to the user it always looks right-side up.)That is pretty much it. Overall a purchase that should last me a few years. (Particularly since I also decided to buy the accident warranty for 3 years.)Addendum: The first thing I tried is the GPS. It works fine outside a building and inside a car (we have a mini-van so lots of metal around). Inside the house, it's picky, but then, I do know where I am anyway.I did some Wi-Fi speed tests too. I have a Fios home connection with 25/25MB promised and in general I get what has been promised. Here are some results (all numbers are in kilo bits per second):1) About 3 feet from the router: download - 16016, upload - 188742) In living room, one wall separating: download - 15509, upload - 183183) Other end of the house, 3 walls: download - 15779, upload - 183154) Far end of the back yard, one cement wall: download - 15516, upload - 193655) Outside the house, next to the garage door: download - 13206, upload - 174266) Outside, in front of the metal garage door: download - 1949, upload - 2693As you can see, Wi-Fi works. If you are in a commercial building with metal walls, it might not be very good. But for everything else, it is very acceptable. I had no issues with it, even in the back yard. (I can't explain why the upload is faster than the download, but it always is on all my devices.)Power cable is a decent length (about 6 feet). I could use the tablet connected to the power constantly while sitting on my sofa, because I ran an extension cord from the outlet to the coffee table. But like I said before, that is not needed because the battery is amply sufficient. However, if you feel you have to do it, that cable plugs into the tablet, to recharge as you use it. It also plugs into the keyboard to recharge it independently, or to recharge both it and the tablet when they are assembled together, all the while still using the tablet. And since one end of the cable is a true USB connector (the end that goes in the transformer) you could buy a USB extension cable (male/female) if 6 feet is not enough for you, and you don't want to bring an electrical extension cord closer to you.
asus-transformer|I bought this tablet on launch day and have waited to review it. The speed is fantastic! Tegra 3 is a beast when it comes to games. I have ran emulators on it and it seems to run anything I throw at it. The design is also great. Very thin, and has a good grip feeling thanks to the textured back. Some people have been saying because its plastic, they have been getting a little bleed through on the screen. Only time I have ever seen that is when I intentionally push hard on the front or back. If you're handling this tablet as any normal person would, you'll never see any bleed through. Now, ICS and Tegra 3 are beautiful together. It is very smooth in all 3 of the Asus processor modes. The battery life is about average for a tablet. I usually get 2 days out of it before I charge it. I do wish there was a deep sleep mode, so that when the screen is turned off it would shut the system down. But you will still receive notifications and stay connected to wifi once screen is off. It seemed a little buggy on launch day, but Asus has already released two updates which seems to have fixed all the minor issues. Overall, for the price of this tablet, I don't think you can get any better!
asus-transformer|Very happy with the purchase of this Android Tablet. I purchased a Transformer Prime from BestBuy, (the one with the nice spun aluminum back), and found many issues. This newer model Transformer TF300 may show the specs a bit less than the Prime but from point of view the TF300 does a lot better! Most notably, the GPS actually works!!! I guess since they made the back panel out of poly-carb, the signal isn't blocked. Very accurate and works great with Navi apps. The speaker port looks small but don't let that fool ya, it delivers a LOT of sound (louder than my iPad3), and I am very happy about that. The Wi-Fi is one of the most sensitive I've ever used, picks up signal I never knew were around me. I wish they included dual band 5GHz (802.11a). It is very thin and should be used with care. I recommend a nice protective case with built in screen cover like the Otter Box. Rear Cam is 8MP (no LED Flash like on Prime) and 2MP front Cam, both do a very nice job. My favorite feature is the Micro SDHC card slot. It accepts up to 32GB of additional storage space. Note: BestBuy sells a version on the TF300 that than ONLY has 16GB for same price as amazon. The one here (at amazon) comes with 32GB internal storage, a much better deal. Can't go wrong for the money! I recommend it highly.
asus-transformer|I have been researching tablets for quite a while now. Im NOT an apple fan so i was looking for something that was competitive. Then I found the ASUS Transformer family. I almost got the Prime but hesitated when i started seeing the wifi and gps issues due to the metal backing. Then the TF300 became available. After waiting a while to start seeing how the reviews were, I finally purchased it. (and the dock) I love it. The screen is responsive. And it is plenty bright. I dont forsee myself using it outdoors very often. And indoors I actually have to turn the brightness down. So dont let it only being 350nit be a deterrent. And even if the screen is only IPS and not Super IPS+, it still looks awesome. Did have the "sleep of death" happen twice, but after researching about it, it seems the fix was to do a hard reboot by pushing the button in the pinhole on the side. Hasnt done it yet since then. I definitely recommend this tablet. Im an AutoCAD user and when I saw the AutoCAD WS APP i had to try it. This is where the quad core cpu and 1G of DDR3 ram show its power. There are some sample drawings that are full 3D renderings and you can use the touchscreen to rotate and zoom in and out and there is no hesitation. If pricing was available for the TF700 Infinity I may have waited. But this tablet is great. I started using it for email and that works flawless. Still learning more of it capabilities.
asus-transformer|I got mine yesterday and I do love it. It's speedy and responsive and everything works.Just a couple of thoughts:1) I'm not a fan of the proprietary charging cable AND USB/Wall plug. Do micro-USBs not provide enough power? I would love an adapter that would let me use the same charger that all my other electronics (and my HP Touchpad) use.2) There are two spots of LED bleed on the bottom edge of the device. Not noticeable when it's on, but unmistakable when the screen is dark.Otherwise, it's beautiful, light, functional and zippy.
asus-transformer|Ok. Here goes.First of all, I am going to do a comparison to the Toshiba Thrive because this is the only other tablet I have owned and have previous tablet experience with.Second, I have only played with the unit for one evening, several hours, but only one evening so far. But, that said, I feel I messed with it enough to dispell alot of other reviewers complaints about the unit.Do you realize that alot of you are just too darned picky for these electronic gadgets these days? You expect that they should all be just perfect and perform to maximum specifications, especially if you have to pay say over about $200 for a product, you expect it to be GOLD! Come on people.I have now experienced what most of you are complaining about concerning "light bleed" and I can't believe that some of you actually returned the unit just fot that alone. Again I say...come on people. To compare it with the Thrive, which had no light bleed to speak of, I only noticed it when the screen first came on and is at it's brightest but once the background loads and the rest of the icons, the screen is beautiful! I don't get why so many of you return your units just because of this issue! As long as there is something being displayed on the screen, and I kept mine set about half the brightness in doors because really, it was too bright beyond that. I tried letting the auto brightness configure it but in my darker bedroom, it kept setting the screen too dark and I found it much more pleasant being able to set the brightness manually. Now, with that said, alot of you complained about the colors appearing washed out compared to other units. Huh? I compared the screen with my Thrive...noticed NO difference. One has to remember that if you crank up the bightness all the way, then it tends to brighten the colors to a point where thay may appear to be washed out. So, maybe most of you need to not be so critical and just deal with turning the brightness down a little. I have yet to try it outside in the bright sun but as I have mentioned in other reviews, ANY LCD/LED device these days that is trying to be viewed out in the sun is almost impossible. I have my smart phone set to auto brightness so that when it is in the sun, it brightens the screen all the way up so you can at least see it enough to tell what is going on. But, you are talking about a brightness that causes warmth to our skins and can cause fires in other areas of the world and can give a person 3rd degree burns. So, my question is, how in the world does anyone expect their electronic devices to be able to withstand offering enough brightness to beat out the power of our sun??? Again...too critical.So, enough on the issues of the display for now.When I plugged the unit into the charger which by the way, mine came with about 5 feet of cable, as most of you were complaining that it only came with a 2 foot cable, when 5 feet is about standard people, anyway...the tablet automatically came on, booted, and after entering various information on the screen, it went immediately into a system firmware update. I was happy about that being all the reviews I read on problems with earlier firmware. Then once I entered my Google information, it immediately downloaded and updated all my google apps from the Google Play Store. That was kind of cool except I don't necessarily like all of them but I guess I will manually uninstall the ones I don't use at a later time.As far as the re-booting and problems with apps running, I must have used to tablet for a good 6 hours just clicking on and playing verious apps and didn't have a problem with not a one! I even did some internet browsing with the standard browser and really didn't see a hitch or a glitch that most of you mentioned. The only other thing I wanted to mention is I found the charger seems to get awfly warm. I hope that isn't a future issue as well. So, maybe it's just my luck and I ended up with a good tablet and not a malfuntioning one or maybe, as the days and weeks go by and I have a chance to check it out more, then I will come back and update this review.As far as the person or people complaining about the speaker? WOW! I mean, I am disappointed that it, they, are only set on the right side and not split on both right and left sides of the unit. But, with that said, even as tablet sound or specially compared to my Thrive and my cell phone, I found the sound to be full and rich much like a full sized stereo speaker. I was shocked but amazed at the sound. Asus really excelled engineering the sound to come out like it does. On the Thrive where the two speakers are seperated at the bottom of the tablet and especailly if you rest it on your body like lying on your bed with it on your stomach, the sound gets muffled and distorted. It also is very tinty and very cell phone sounding. But not on this tablet! Very full sound for a tablet and I can't complain at all. As far as the person complaining about covering the speaker(s) with your right hand...well for one, don't hold it that way. For another, I found that if you are able to hold it in a way that you can cup your hand around the speaker, much like I do with my cell phone, the sound is trajected towards the front and you can get really good and louder sound that way. But with this tablet, it truly isn't necessary.I hope I don't end up with a tablet, as some of you mentioned, that ends up rebooting all the time and has apps that can't run after some time. That is the worry that almost kept me from purchasing it. I wished at times some of you more critical people wouldn't write reviews because your opinions aren't close to how the unit actually functions and other people can't get a good idea of what the possibilities of the unit may have beyond a LITTLE bit of "light bleed".I'm only annoyed a little bit by the lack of instruction manuals these products provide for the consumer these days. The only thing included in the box is the tablet, the charger and cable, a soft cloth for the screen, and two small pamphlets, one in english and one in other languages. And, for a tablet with no media drive, you can't load a CD with a PDF file inside to read. No, you have to find that on line and download it and then make sure the Adobe Reader is up to date.I will miss the idea of being able to pop off the back panel, as with the Thrive, and change the color or being able to replace the battery. Actually the cover on the Thrive was a little difficult to pull off but once you did, snapping it back on was pretty easy. The Thrive did also offer standard USB and HDMI ports but to connect it to a computer, it could only be read when connecting it to the mini USB port so I guess, unless connecting it to a USB drive, the full size USB isn't really necessary.Other than the things I mentioned above, I feel it's a good solid unit. People complain about it being made out of plastic instead of metal. Again....WAY too critical. I didn't feel it felt flimsy at all and it was easy to hold onto. What isn't made out of plastic these days??? Even an item that is made or coated to look like metal...ISN'T METAL! I actually tried to bend it as some of you said mentioned could be done and I felt you must have had a way too tight grip on it because it doesn't really slide out of your hands that easy. Again...do I need to say it? If you are holding it so hard that you are actually squeezing in the corners, as I felt it wasn't really that easy to do, then you have some big hands and need to loosen up a bit!And to the person that complained about it being a fingerprint magnet? CLEAN YOUR HANDS before use! Have any of you owned any touch screen devices before? You either need to use a touch pen or stylis to avoid fingerprinting it. I found that this tablet doesn't show the fingerprints any worse than touching the Thrive or my smartphone, and that is after extensive touching icons and extensive sliding and moving my finger around. Besides, it does come with a soft screen cloth. Take a minute and wipe it off. It's either that or get a screen protector that doesn't show the fingerprints as much. But, be careful with that because, as with the Thrive, the Toshiba branded screen protectors, when removing them leave an indefinite sticky film behind on the glass which is very difficult to clean off. I ended up bringing mine to my work where they used and soaked the screen in the product Goo Gone and I don't know what else to clean it off. After a few hours they brought it back to me like new. Needless to say, because of that experience, I WILL NOT be using a screen protector on this unit, as long as I can stand it.Other than those things, I say I would recommend this table to a friend. Go ahead and buy it and try it. You just might like it. (Provided you get a good working unit, that is!)UPDATE! I know this was already a long winded review but I just wanted to leave a short update.I have used to tablet for over a week now. Other than the issue with the original browser now crashing, even after a system firmware update, I still feel the tablet is awesome. I did download Google Chrome Beta which seems to work just fine. A note to ASUS, I don't feel it's right for the company to expect users to download another browser if they are having issues with the stock one crashing. They should be doing the right thing and researching a fix for this issue. For me, updating the firmware didn't work. I thought it was going to be stable but the browser still crashes. I haven't had any issues with other programs crashing, even ones I used on my Thrive, with the older Android system, 3.2 I think. Everything seems to be golden, except for the browser. I also don't feel I'm getting the full usage out of the battery as advertised. That is even with some days of not very much extensive use that the brightness on the screen set to auto to dim in low light situations. Which I feel the video hardware should work oposite that way....the screen, to me, should lighten in low light situations and darken in very bright lighting situations. But, as I stated above, you also need a very bright screen in the sunshine in order to see the screen. Who knows. But other than that, it's a great tablet!
asus-transformer|Okay so I just purchased and received my new Asus TF300(blue). I never write reviews unless I am blown away by either awesomeness or sheer uselessness of a product. I previously used a motorla xoom 32gb with the Ice Cream Sandwich os update so for the most part my review will be based against my impression of that tablet. To be honest i truly loved the Xoom which is why i decided to upgraded heck if 2 cores are great 4 must be incredible. In that assumption i have not been let down. I bought the madden football game to play on the xoom but, unless i scaled the graphics back to low it was virtually unplayable due to lag times(tackled before i even say the computer coming at me. As far as the display is concerned it is crisp, clear and the colors are beautiful. I realize that some people feel that the new ipad and transformer prime (and upcoming infinity ) have better graphics but, to my way of thinking it is like trying to see the difference between 720p and 1080p on an HDTV. I just dont see the reason behind paying 150 dollars or more for that. The TF300 is so so much clearer and brighter than my previous tablet as too leave me blown away. When i was looking at a new tablet i had a few considerations in mind based on my experiences with the previous tablet. Firstly i wanted something that would let me play all my games as they were meant to be. I do a lot of flying and i have adhd so anything that can keep me amused for more than five minutes is a beautiful thing for both myself and the people stuck around me. I looked at the upcoming toshiba as well as the prime and this tablet. The prime does come in a 64 gig model but, i find that a 32 works just fine for me especially if you dont mind taking the time to swap out micro sd cards thus making the memory a moot point and i didnt feel like waiting on the toshiba(i like instant gratification). That really narrowed my choices down to the tf300 however my second issue was battery life. Might not seem like an issue however, when flying from doha to chicago on planes without outlets 10 hours of video or game usage goes quicker than you might think. Thus i was back to the toshiba and tf300 having already ruled out the prime. toshiba tablets have swappable batteries thereby doubling there usage time with one xtra battery. The tf300 like all asus transformers has a keyboard accessory which has added the advertised 5 hours to my usage time. The keyboard also adds quite a few other features which i find i like. The keyboard itself is easy to use and has a number of shortcut keys like volume and brightness control which i find very useful. Secondly the keyboard has an sd slot which lets you add an additional 32 gb of memory thereby making it a 96 gb tablet beating out both the ipad and the toshibas. The touchpad is useful but, i am finding that it is about 50/50 whether i use it or the touchscreen so not as big a selling point as you might think. Also using the keyboard allows me to leave it plugged in and charging while i am using it without worrying about crimping the power cord or yanking it out of the wall socket. So far the one negative thing is that it only has one speaker. To be honest the speaker sounds amazing but, having sound come from only one side kind of puts it out of balance for me. One last note, a lot of the reviewers seem to not like the plastic case or at least have some issue with it. I dont see the problem as most people are going to buy a case for the tablet to protect their investment thus rendering most tablets build materials a moot point ( hard to see the tablet case through leather or hard plastic).
asus-transformer|I have been looking for a tablet for a while. Something other than an iPad. This tablet came up with the right specs so I gave it a try. After about a week of constant use I am very happy with my purchase. Wireless is fast. Better than my laptop. The screen is great. Web pages and books look great. Bought a 32gb microSD chip for it. I would have spent double for an iPad and not have enjoyed it as much.
asus-transformer|I had my tf300 for close to 3 months sent the first one back to amazon due to problem with the touch screen. All was good until 3 weeks ago I started getting random reboots at first it was one here one there until it got to the point to it being every 5mins or less. Also it seem to shut down if I held it near the volume buttons and would start up even if I didn't hit the power button. Played the reset game and it didn't help, sent it back to ASUS being I could not find any kind of fix online. They fixed it( hardware problem with the power button) and sent it back to me and after 3 weeks it has the same problems. Save your self the headace. Sending it back for the 2nd time. SUCKS!!!!!
asus-transformer|I bought this after a lot of research, comparison shopping and reliance on "expert" opinions on cnet and zdnet. I was eagerly anticipating its arrival. Today I received it and the screen flat out does not work. At all. Tried powering it down and back up several times (this was after charging the unit first, of course). Frozen and unresponsive. I did find that it is usable if I attach it to the docking station keyboard which I also purchased, but that is not why I bought a tablet - the whole point is to have a very portable unit to take and go.Called tech support (btw after a LONG search and hunting on line for how to reach them - perhaps it's not a good sign if the skimpy users manual and warranty information do not clearly show how to reach customer support for the product?) and that fellow was #1 not at all surprised or sympathetic that someone who just bought a new tablet could not use it and #2 nonchalantly said just let the battery drain and it should work fine. What? Why should I even have to do this when it is brand new, just charged up out of the box? And now that I have looked further online with problems I see that mine is not at all unusual (NOW you tell me) and that following the "drain the battery" advice is only a temporary fix. Apparently this is just pure shoddy quality, plain and simple.Huge disappointment. Now I am back to square one deciding which other model I should by. Not from ASUS, that's for sure.
asus-transformer|Full Disclosure: I did not buy this product from Amazon, but from Staples. However, I wanted to review this product in general.I bought it in March 2012, and the product started to have multiple problems in September 2012. I can't return it to Staples. SO I contacted ASUS Support and got it repaired, but the the problems were not completely fixed. The plastic back cover is of poor quality. The Tablet itself is of poor quality. The touch screen does not work correctly. Apps open and closed themselves. Tablet rebooted itself frequently. I upgraded to the latest Android and reset to manufacture setting, still same problems. So I decided to write this review.Bottom line: Not recommended product.This product works great for 6 months. I love it when I first got it. Then once problems started, there is no stopping it. The repair job was not good. It costs me $20 to mail the product to Texas to repair. 6 weeks later, the product was returned and it works for 1 month. Then same problems happen again.
asus-transformer|I bought my Asus 6 months ago. A couple months later, I realized it has problems of moving screen by itself. I thought it had a virus. Until recently I read this blog-[...]. This Asus Tab is a junk. Now I can not send this back. Never buy Electronic from Amazon again people.
asus-transformer|This is my first venture into both android and tablet and I'm not a techie so I'm writing this mainly for others who are new to tablets. So far (little over a month) it works great although it freezes periodically which I discovered through research is pretty common. You hold the on and volume buttons simultaneously for 15 seconds to force start, use the volume button to select android and then press "on" button to force start. It supposedly is capable of Flash but it turns out if you download the adobe flash app without doing a long complicated process called rooting it doesn't work and, oh, btw, if you root you could lose everything including your warranty. Finally found Puffin browser which has built in flash and it does everything I need--it's also faster than the other three browsers I have on it. But I'm not seriously into games so my experience might not work for you if you are.The biggest shock for me has been the amount of stuff you need to buy after paying for the tablet. This one doesn't have scratch proof screen so needs screen protector. The ASUS keyboard that goes with this is around $100--I wound up researching a bit and discovered that there's an Amazon bluetooth keyboard for kindle and android that works for this at around $25. Just got it so this is the first thing of any length I've typed via tablet as I LOATHE the digital keyboard. Needs a case. I got a leather one (Poetic) for $19.99. Also, I get a little tired of constantly enlarging the screen and then having it pop back to small and since my fingers (which are slim) are too big to click precisely when it's small I also ordered styluses.I got the special plug adapter to be able to use it with computer but none of my cables worked and then I discovered there are lots of apps for sharing files across wi fi so I've never needed to use it. But if you need to hook up to computer you may also need to purchase a cable.I agree with other reviewers that the charger that comes with it is obviously cheap. It works and I've been very careful with it so I think it will be fine for a while but add to the list of purchases that eventually you'll need a better charger.So I could barely afford the tablet and I already have about $100 more into the extra stuff (George Carlin was so right about stuff needing stuff...). I noticed that it's true of most of the tablets that there's all kinds of extras you need so bear it in mind when you set a price limit--if you buy a tablet at the top of your price range, then you're going to spend way over if you want or need any or all of the other stuff.I've also learned to watch out for the free apps -- not only do many of them keep interrupting games, etc. with ads but they access your internet connection and download stuff you don't want. I imagine that's not unique to this tablet.I noted that other people have complained it's sometimes slow and the apps are sometimes slow and I've found that to be true though sometimes it seems to be my internet connection. A few apps I've just given up on and so far I've always found something else that wasn't as sluggish.It's a little heavy as a reader but I'm looking forward to taking it on a trip this spring with a few dozen books downloaded on it. It's more comfortable if it's resting on something because of the weight but otherwise doubles well as a reader.Since I'm new to all this I have no comparison but I did a lot of research before getting this and I'm really pleased with my choice. The main reason this won over a Kindle Fire for me was the size and I'm really glad I didn't get anything with a screen any smaller than this though I'm sure the Fire is also good.
asus-transformer|I bought this as my second tablet. The first one I had ordered for my birthday but it wasn't working out so I returned it. I then chose this one thinking it would be great. Four processors, plenty of space for apps, music, games, ect... However with all the research and calls I've made to Asus proved a waste. My issue was the touch screen would stop working. It wouldn't accept any touching and the whole issue was completely random. I performed several restarts, cold boots, and factory resets, however, none of them fixed the issue. The closest I got to fixing it was delaying the issue from coming back. Unfortunately the issue continued to get worse until it reached the point where the touch screen no longer works at all.PROS:-Extremely fast for playing games, music, surfing the internet-Excellent multitasking capabilities for downloading multiple apps, playing music, and playing games simultaneously-Crisp and clear pictureCONS:-Touch screen stopped working
asus-transformer|Really would have liked some direction with my ASUS. I know I can go online but paper works better for me. Love the size of the screen. Takes GREAT pictures
asus-transformer|This item was a birthday present last summer. I am about to send it in for its third repair in 8 months. There is something terribly wrong with this product. It powers off randomly, and the power button keeps breaking. I only use this a few times a week, and I've been extremely gentle when handling it, for fear that I've somehow been too rough with it. But after numerous repair jobs, I'm forced to conclude that this is just a poorly designed product that fails to hold up under minimal use.This is an affordable tablet, and if it wasn't constantly breaking on me, I would be very happy with it. But anyone who is considering buying this tablet should do themselves a favor and buy the square trade warranty with it. Chances are, they'll use it.
asus-transformer|I bought this because well I wanted one. I bought it used but it works perfectly. The speed is amazing on this tablet and it practically works like a netbook. The battery life is about 8-9 hrs on heavy usage. Overall the specs are comparable to the Microsoft surface tablet except this runs on android jellybean
asus-transformer|Edit: I had Best Buy install a Zagg shield and had them cut off a bit so that it wouldn't interfere wtih docking. That worked beautifully and my complaints about the fingerprints are gone, and I now rate this a five.I've had this tablet for nearly 2 months. I use it primarily for surfing the internet and reading digital books. I added the keyboard dock mainly for the extra battery capacity. While at home I seldom use the keyboard, but expect to when I'm traveling. I am disappointed with how much the screen shows fingerprints even though it isn't really noticeable in normal usage. I considered having a Zagg shield installed but there seems to be a problem fitting it in the keyboard dock with a shield applied. If it weren't for the screen issue I would give this product five stars.
asus-transformer|Have had this for a few days and have to say that I have absolutely no regrets. Like many others, I thought about the Transformer Prime. But I opted for this due mainly to the WiFi/GPS sensitivity issues with the metal-cased Prime. The plastic case on this unit is what is required to make radio work well, and it does. Comparing with my Toshiba laptop, I see no difference in the WiFi strength. It is about as good as you can get. (I operate on the opposite side of the house from my access point, so my situation pushes the limits)This is my first tablet, although I have used Android a little on my phone. With ICS (Android 4.x) coupled with the Tegra 3 processor, the experience is excellent. Zooming and panning is effortless and fluid. Running apps, there are no delays (except on the occasional web page), and the touch sensitivity is outstanding. Screen brightness is good and resolution is fine. To my eyes, there could be a bit more depth of color/contrast, but it is fine for the price point. Sound quality is very good to excellent as well. Good volume and good fidelity (no tinny or plastic sounding artifacts - just nice pleasant reproduction which is frankly amazing given the speaker size in these things).Last, but not least, it was nice to find that I could copy files onto it from my desktop through the USB cable that doubles as the link to the charger. Just plugged it into the desktop (Win 7) and it was recognized as a drive. I could copy songs, pictures, movies, etc over just by the usual Windows drag operations. Nice...
asus-transformer|Be careful when using this with the keyboard/dock; we kept our tablet in the dock at all times and discovered that the screen had cracked one morning. A little web research reveals that this isn't isolated; the plastic on the keyboard puts immense pressure on the glass of the screen when 'opening' and 'closing' the device.Had to send the tablet in at my expense; they received it today, and tell me that it will be another 10-14 business day before I have a determination regarding my tablet. Less than stellar customer service, in my opinion.I will update this review when we hear back from the service center. In the meantime, I have this consolation: our experience can't get much worse, so there's a pretty good chance that it will improve!Edit on 6/28: Whoops! I was wrong. It got a little worse. Despite USPS-confirmed delivery on 6/11, whoever answered the phone on 6/12 said they hadn't received it yet. Once I provided the tracking number they did acknowledge receipt of the tablet. It then took them 16 days to send me an email saying that the damage was not covered and for $198 plus shipping and tax I could have it repaired.I'm very disappointed with this outcome and strongly caution people who are looking at this tablet. You could roll the dice and not have the problems I had, but if you end up having to deal with Asus customer service, you're going to have a bad time.Edit on 7/02: Customer service has failed again to make a promised return phone call. I strongly recommend that you not purchase this tablet. Asus customer service on this case has been a nightmare.
asus-transformer|Until about a month ago, I hadn't bought an Asus product in about a decade, because my friends and I all had some serious problems with several motherboards they made in a row. I didn't want to buy from them again, but after a lot of looking and comparing of tablets, it seemed like they were really offering the best overall choice at the moment - probably for the remainder of this year at least. While my unit has functioned admirably so far, I am still slightly worried I will have to deal with their god awful customer service department, but so far, so good.Pros:+ Near-stock Android 4.0.3 Ice Cream Sandwich.Asus loaded up maybe 3 extra applications, and added a control in the settings to quickly change the performance mode of the tablet (to switch between high performance and energy saving modes, or balanced.) Since ICS allows disabling of included apps, the ones you don't like can easily be disabled without root or an alternate homescreen replacer. There are perhaps 4 extra widgets from asus, most I personally didn't use but the weather widget is quite nice.+ Incredible Performance.The TF300 is currently the top performing android tablet according to the AnTuTu benchmark tool available in the play store. Tegra 3 @ 1.2Ghz isn't the fastest clock speed available, but the TF300 is the only tablet in the price range to use 1GB of faster DDR3 memory. With root there is plenty of overclocking headroom as well. At stock performance setting, in a room that was 80 degrees, the hottest the TF300 got was 85 degrees - effectively making it never even warm to the touch.+ Super Easy Root.I've owned a LOT of android devices, and this was by far the easiest to achieve root on. Out of the box without installing any over the air updates, you simply need to copy a file available at XDA Developers to the SD Card and run it. If you update before you root, there are a few extra steps, but still not too hard to do if you can follow instructions. Asus even has an unlocked bootloader available for download right from their website in case you want to install completely custom roms.+ Bundled Asus apps & tweaks are actually good! (Splashtop THD)Asus includes a few useless applications, but also has the decency to bundle in free cloud based storage, and coolest of all - a free copy of Splashtop THD through the "MyCloud" application. Splashtop THD (Normally priced on the play store at $20) is a much better remote desktop client to allow more intelligent control of a desktop over the network. Not only does Splashtop automatically change resolutions if necessary, it can also stream high quality video - I was able to play Skyrim and Civilization V on my tablet!Asus also added a control in the settings panel that allows you to lock the task bar to prevent accidentally palming a control while reading a book, etc. and added a setting to re-map some buttons for bluetooth mice & keyboards. (A feature google really needs to work into android in the future.)+Solid Battery Life.I take my TF300 to work with me every day, and usually spend a few hours with it on my couch afterwards, and it easily makes it all the way through my day without me getting concerned, even on the few sundays i spent with it by my side as i watched TV all day - toggling between several games and browsing the web. You should easily get a full day out of the battery, and even better, the battery charges from completely dead to full in just two hours - a few minutes on the charger will get you a few hours of battery life.Cons:-No 5Ghz WiFi.The TF300 is the only non-cheapo tablet i've used that doesn't have dual-band wifi. While it can use 802.11n, it will only pick up on a 2.4ghz signal. This is really weird, and could cause problems in areas with a lot of wireless traffic. That said, the 2.4ghz n speeds on my TF300 were as fast as my router could go - it had no problem picking up a signal from anywhere in my house, while several of my notebooks occasionally have issues.-No onboard USB host.You can add an overpriced keyboard dock to get a USB host, or purchase an almost as overpriced and more unsightly dongle. This also means that data transfer has to be done either wirelessly, or via the special included charging cable, which is rather short.Other Thoughts:The screen on the TF300 isn't technically speaking the best out there, but it is still exceptionally crisp - movies and games all look great on it, and books and webpages do as well. Frankly, i find it more likely that someone's eyes would be the weak link than the resolution with this screen - and since the processor isn't handling all those extra pixels, it means there's more power to render games and hd movies effortlessly.I compared the brightness and color next to a Galaxy Tab 8.9, and couldn't really come up with a definite winner - they both got to the same level of brightness, but the colors were a bit different - the TF300 was probably closer to photo-realistic, however, the Galaxy had a more "vibrant" look - I suppose this is more a matter of opinion than anything. The TF300 did have a bit of light bleed coming from one near-corner, but only at certain brightness levels and with certain colors being displayed, it normally was not visible. The IPS screen means business too - the picture quality never deteriorates or distorts even at extreme viewing angles. The automatic light sensor is a bit heavy handed, almost always throwing the back light level way below what i wanted, but even the few times i had it outside in direct sunlight, readability wasn't a problem if i spent a second to manually adjust it.Some people have complained about the plastic back on this model, but I actually think its very well done. The ringed texture makes it a bit easier to grip than the competition without a case, and actually gives it a very metallic look, without adding the extra expense. (Or breaking WIFI signal like the TF201) Overall the plastic is even quite sturdy, with the exception of one small spot between the Asus logo and the camera, where if you apply healthy pressure, you can cause the LCD to distort. (I managed to see the screen warp while trying to wrangle the tablet out of the MoKo(TM) Folio Cover Case for Asus Transformer Pad TF300, BLACK (with Multi-angle Stand, and Stylus Loop) case, however after witnessing this and testing with ample pressure everywhere else, found no other spots where pressure caused a problem. Under normal use, I wouldn't expect anyone to notice the one more sensitive spot, but keep it in mind if you use a case while pulling it out.Speaking of cases, I found the very slim nature of this tablet (and others like it) are actually quite difficult to hold with one hand for an extended duration - if you plan on spending a couple hours reading a book, the extra thickness of a case actually makes it easier on your thumb to hold the tablet. I wouldn't say its a necessity, but if you've never had a tablet this slim before and are pondering it, its probably worth it. (I only purchased mine because I knew I would be lugging it back and forth from work, and I'm glad i did - otherwise my thumb may have fallen off while reading Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?.One of my biggest complaints with the TF300 though is the proprietary charging cable. There are very few companies who offer a standardized cable, and thats because USB - the charging standard for most cell phones, doesn't support the voltage required to charge a battery the size of what is found within a tablet. Even tablets that have a microUSB port still require a proprietary adapter to allow full speed charging, otherwise the charge is only at a trickle. As mentioned earlier, the Asus cable provided is a bit short, so I'd recommend ordering a spare - but keep in mind it won't charge at full speed over USB. I'd still have liked to have seen a standard cable for data, though.Android 4.0.3 and nVidia Tegra 3 are an interesting combination. The TF300 is blazingly fast, but the Tegra chipset still has a few kinks to work out. I have experienced 3 unexpected restarts in the month since I have owned my TF300, and a few force closes. Apparently, there is a bug that pops up with certain games written for ARMv7 that causes lock ups. After doing some research and testing, it does seem that the lockups can be avoided if you simply end background tasks before running a game designed for the ARMv7. I'm expecting this to be fixed in an update - to be honest it may have already been, because i havn't experienced a serious hiccup in a couple weeks.As always with Android, to get the most out of the TF300 I replaced almost all of the stock apps and added a slew of others - Opera replaced the browser, Aldiko as an eReader, ACV for comics, APEX for home screen cusomization, and News360 to collect all news into one place.When comparing MSRPs of android tablets, the TF300 checks the most boxes - 32gb internal storage and expandable microSD slot, one of the fastest processors and a great screen, at a price that slides in a little under most comparable android tablets - and WAY under the apple option. Unless you are a hardcore spec freak and want to pony up the extra $50-150 to get only a little more, this is probably the best choice. If it wasn't for the inherit problems of android - occasional crashes and the need to add lots of applications to get the best experience, this would probably be 5 stars - or if the price was a little lower. All said, i think this is probably the "Best Buy" tablet for 2012.
asus-transformer|I received this item a few days ago, and if I'm honest, I probably haven't done a great deal else but play with it since, (since charging it for the first time for over 8 hours as recommended.)I did have a few teething problems, (nothing to do with the unit, but rather my own stupidity.) For example, I'd totally forgotten I'd enabled MAC Address Filtering on my wireless router, so couldn't connect the ASUS at first until I wised up. Duh. I also struggled a little with the new environment of Android 4 as I'd only ever used Android 2.0 before, although a within an hour or two I'd got up to speed with it and now it's second nature. The only other small problem I've had is when maximizing Youtube videos to full-screen - sometimes it doesn't play correctly, (EDIT 070612 -- the Youtube App automatically updated recently and I no longer sometimes have a problem with maximizing video - it works perfectly now every time.)I've already downloaded and used dozens of apps and games from the Google store, as well as set up Kindle access and several news feeds and apps, and pretty much everything else I wanted. I bought a 32gb memory upgrade but due to the huge 32gb internal memory of which I've used about 10gb so far I've just used the additional memory for a hefty chunk of my music collection and podcasts. I aim to leave the internal memory primarily for apps and app data - I'm sure it will take many years for me to even approach filling it up.Android 4 (ICS) is an absolute joy to use, much better than I anticipated. I've already found that I no longer use my PC as much as I can do pretty much everything I need to on the ASUS. The slight tweaks ASUS has made to the vanilla system are fine, although it would appear users are locked into using the ASUS file manager which may be off-putting for some. I can't say I'm that bothered though, their File Manager works and does what I need.Many people have commented on the screen quality being a little dull compared to more expensive alternatives. I don't find this a problem at all. The screen quality is far superior to anything I've used previously, so I'm perfectly happy with it. I doubt I'll ever need to use the tablet outside in bright sunlight, so I have no complaints other than the fact that there are two odd several inch horizontal smudges on the screen. When the screen is totally polished I cannot see them, but finger print oily deposits adhere to them differently than the rest of the screen and they soon become visible again, but only when the unit is switched off. As I can't see these marks when the unit is switched on, I'll live with it. The screen doesn't appear to be scratched or physically damaged; the texture is totally smooth, so I'm perplexed as to what these marks are.The unit comes with minimal documentation so users might want to go to ASUS's website and download the full comprehensive manual in PDF format. This manual offers further assistance with the ASUS unit itself but also includes a useful Android user guide for those who aren't familiar with this operating system. I certainly learned a few things and found it useful.Overall, I'm overjoyed with the unit. It's amazingly powerful and very well priced for the features it has. I absolutely love it and am very happy with my choice. I toyed between several alternatives for a week or so, (i.e. the new Samsung Galaxy, the Acer Iconia among others), until plumping for this ASUS and I'm glad I did.EDIT: July 27th 2012Unfortunately, my unit's screen totally broke on July 16th. A crack appeared during normal use. I had never mistreated or dropped the tablet. I suspect the screen was warped or weakened in some way after the device was put under duress in shipping due to the daft way Amazon packed it with the screen under pressure by the outer box with the device itself mounted right at the top of the inner (ASUS) box, (it was pushed upwards under duress due to air-pocket packagaing in a too small box.)Any other boxes that were sat on top of my delivery during transit would have transferred a good deal of their weight directly onto my screen due to the way the tablet box is constructed and the way this box was packed into an Amazon outer box. Amazon were sympathetic but wouldn't help due to my being outside the first 30 days so they gave me ASUS's details to deal with directly. ASUS replied to my email promptly but stated that my warranty didn't cover physical damage. (At this point I was kicking myself for not reporting the unit DOA immediately upon delivery.) Reading other comments from other users that suffered the same fate I saw that this would likely cost $200+ to have the item repaired through ASUS. Thankfully, I also bought a Squaretrade warranty for my unit at the time of my tablet purchase so I contacted them and they are currently processing a full refund for me after receiving my unit and stating that a repair is not possible.If I buy a replacement tablet, I'll be sure to buy a tablet with Gorilla Glass such as the ASUS TF700 Infinity or perhaps something by another manufacturer. I've learned my lesson though by buying something that appears too good to be true. I paid for the omission of Gorilla Glass. It's a real shame as I truly adored this tablet! When it worked it was wonderful but too many corners have been cut in the manufacture to meet the sub-$400 price point.I feel I must mark down my 5 star review to an "average" review, but take no pleasure in doing so. The TF300 was an incredible piece of kit when it worked, but my confidence in the materials and construction is gone now. I'm still tempted to buy another, but the TF700 with its Gorilla Glass inspires more confidence. At $500 minimum though, I really don't think I can justify that so may wait a few months and see what units appear on the market.UPDATE: August 30th 2012I missed having a tablet more than I anticipated so I decided to buy an ASUS Infinity TF700 and received it on August 7th. The TF700 is fantastic and well worth the $100 extra over the TF300 in my opinion. The new IPS+ high resolution screen is superb, the faster processor is welcome, the TF700 feels better constructed overall than the TF300, (partly due to being primarily made of metal), and having a built in flash for the rear camera is a nice extra too. However, the main reason I chose the TF700 over another TF300 was its inclusion of Corning Gorilla Glass. As my TF300 screen cracked during normal use and was never dropped or mishandled, I was wary of the same thing happening again, (despite my suspicion that the glass in my original TF300 was faulty from the start as the screen did dip slightly and have permanent marks on it right out of the box from new. I should have returned it immediately, but didn't as the marks were invisible when the unit was switched on and it worked fine. I probably would have returned it but for the fact I had a Squaretrade warranty that I knew would sort me out should the fault have got worse. I was probably just unlucky to receive a damaged item, but it still turned me off a little from buying another TF300 a little.)However, after having used the TF700 regularly for a few weeks now I am still overjoyed by my decision to spend the extra for the TF700 and am glad I didn't wait any longer.
asus-transformer|The TF300 is my next adventure in tablet computing after owning and modding a Nook Color for the last year and a half. The TF300 is a huge upgrade. Tegra performs like a champ. Ice Cream Sandwich is much better than Gingerbread. It has been a real pleasure using the tablet. That's not to say it is perfect.The speaker. The speaker. Ugh....the speaker. It sounds pretty good for a tablet. But the placement is horrendous. It rests directly under my right hand when I hold it in landscape, which is most of the time. I can live with it being mono, but the fact it is placed on the right side of the tablet makes it very bad. If they are set on doing a single speaker output it really should be centered for a couple reasons.The screen, is good. Colors are fine, it's bright enough, the resolution is pretty good too. But the glass is very reflective. In bright rooms it bounces a great deal of rays. This forces me to keep the brightness higher than I like to counter some of the reflections. Even worse in sunlight. The auto brightness really should be set a bit higher to offset the reflections. I've failed to find a way to do that. Makes the auto brightness function useless during daytime.Performance has been stellar. No crashes, apps run pretty stable. Just the occasional hiccup. Web surfing and flash has been responsive. Wifi works as it should.I also picked up the keyboard dock. Great accessory. I'm using it to type this review and it's rather pleasant. Even tried my wireless logitech gamepad with the USB port on the dock (completely expecting it to fail) and it worked perfectly. Plug and play, awesome.The build is pretty solid. Doesn't feel cheap despite the plastic. I can hear a slight creak on the right side of the tablet between the glass and the plastic. Very minor though.Overall I'm very happy with this. Just little gripes. Highly recommend if you're looking for a wifi tablet.
asus-transformer|I ordered this tablet a few days ago and just received it and have been playing around with it. This is truly an awesome tablet! Some people are complaining about the back and how it feels "cheap" and I think that is ridiculous! I love the way it feels! Also people have mentioned how the screen bleeds if you put pressure on the back of the tablet--it only bleeds if you are really pushing on it and why would anyone want to do that? The WiFi and GPS performances are superb! I have Verizon Fios and have been getting constant 25 MBPS speed --even a little more! (which is what I am currently paying for.)The display is good, but not enough to compete with the retina display that the Ipad 3 has. Don't get me wrong, I'm not trying to bash the Asus transformer pad 300 in any way, and I'm not a fan of any of the Ipads. Once Asus releases the transformer prime T700 with the 1920 x 1080 display (supposedly in June 2012), they should rule the majority if not all of the tablet market. The only thing android needs to do is get more apps that are tablet friendly.Overall, this is a great product with a great price tag and I would recommend it to any one of my friends or co workers.
asus-transformer|I love gadgets, tablets in particular. I own the Apple iPad MC705LL/A (16GB, Wi-Fi, Black) NEWEST MODEL, the Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 16GB WiFi (link sadly pulled from Amazon due to the ongoing injunction against its sale in the US), HP TouchPad Wi-Fi 32 GB 9.7-Inch Tablet Computer, and the new Nexus 7 8GB WiFi from ASUS. We also have an original iPad in the house, an HTC Jetstream, and I've worked with many others, including the Toshiba Excite AT305T16 10.1-Inch 16 GB Tablet Computer - Wi-Fi - NVIDIA Tegra 3 1.20 GHz.Of the bunch, this one is probably the best value, especially if you purchase the ASUS Transformer Pad Mobile Dock TF300T which gives you a full selection of ports and an extra battery. If you don't know what your use case will be, the TF300T is a great bet. It's large enough for comfortable viewing of multimedia and the web, but light enough to be easily portable. The keyboard dock is optional, but when in use gives you a convenient device to write e-mails and documents on the run with a battery life utterly incomparable with even the best laptops. Still, the 10.1" form factor is not for everyone, and I'll do my best to help you make the right choice.If you're curious about my confidence in this tablet, I purchased mine back in March, and bought one last week as a birthday gift for a friend. Both have turned out well.PROS+ This tablet is powerful. As with all things, specs aren't everything, but they certainly can help. Compared to the tablets of just last year, the TF300T is markedly more fluid. Its powerful Tegra 3 chipset really does make a difference, and Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich is very smooth on the whole. You'll have plenty of muscle to play games or watch high definition content if you want.+ Battery life is superb. The tablet itself packs a powerful battery, coupled with the intelligent "four plus one" design of the Tegra 3 (which disables the power-consuming processors when you're doing light tasks, falling back to a much more efficient fifth core until you need more power). The dock extends your battery life much further, but for casual use it's hardly necessary. I've gone over a week without remembering to charge.+ The operating system is gorgeous. Android 4.0 has embraced clean, industrial design, and it has wonderful touches here and there that shows how much Google cares about a good experience. ASUS has wisely made few changes to the experience, and you can disable all of it if you want through the settings panel. However, while smooth, Ice Cream Sandwich does not currently match up perfectly against my experience with iOS on my iPad 3 (screw "the new"). That said, my experiences with Android 4.1.1 Jelly Bean are overwhelmingly positive, and ASUS promises to bring that update out quickly.+ Excellent OEM support. ASUS has won recognition as being one of the best manufacturers out there when it comes to Android support, and has continued to upgrade its older lineup on a good schedule. While the TF101 may finally be at the end of its rope, it's been supported much better than equivalent tablets from Samsung.+ The screen is beautiful. It's no Retina display, no, but you can't miss what you don't have, right? Even owning an iPad 3, I don't really notice the difference much (Android tends to prefer clean lines in interfaces, making the pixel differences less noticeable). Colors pop and movies look vibrant, and if this is your first tablet you still can't go wrong with the well-supported 1,280x800 resolution.+ The design is good. As the budget end of the lineup, it just doesn't feel as nice as a premium tablet (even one from yesteryear, like my faithful Galaxy Tab). That's definitely not to say it's shoddy. The raised concentric circles on the back serve to give the tablet a great grip and repel fingerprints and grime. The components are well seated and there's not much give anywhere. I hear a little creaking, but that's likely owed to the plastics-- and it's not noticeable in day to day use. Yes, you can get better (the Transformer Prime and Infinity come to mind), but if you're a student or just interested in an all-around workhorse/value, this one will be fine.+ The weight is middling for a tablet, but definitely light enough for casual use. Don't worry too much about differences of grams. Especially if this is your first/main tablet, you won't notice the difference.+ Connectivity is excellent. While the people I know owning Primes have never had issues with WiFi, I can certainly attest that there are none on the TF300T (WiFi or GPS). While the idea of using a 10.1" tab for GPS is still a bit ludicrous for me, it's nice to have the option there. Now that Google Maps supports offline map data, you can use this as a standalone GPS unit if you so choose.+ The 10.1" form factor is versatile. As noted above, it's large enough to do work on, watch movies on, and surf the web with ease. It's also small enough to be far more portable and accessible than a laptop computer. Importantly, the screen gives you enough room to view content and have the on screen keyboard up at the same time (this is a factor many people fail to consider when looking at phones or tablets). Most Android 10.1" tablets are, but if you're shopping around keep this in mind.+ Netbook mode is very well done. Yes, Android is best manipulated with touch, but if you spring for the dock you'll be surprised at how seamlessly touch, mouse, and keyboard can come together (and Android itself has done great things for its support of HIG peripherals, also known as most mice and keyboards, bluetooth, wired, or otherwise).+ Removable storage is available on the tablet itself, with a full-size SD card reader on the dock and a USB port. You can potentially store an absolutely ludicrous amount of data on a Transformer Pad: you can go for the 64GB version, pop in a 64GB microSD card into the tablet, then connect a 1TB hard drive (or another 64/128GB thumb drive) to the USB port and another 64GB SD card into the waiting slot). There is no reason you would do this, but hey, it's fun.+ Not much bloatware on here, and most of it can be disabled using Ice Cream Sandwich's built in disabling method. One or two apps are inexplicably unremovable, but by and large ASUS has kept bloat to a minimum. Some apps (like SuperNote, if you use a basic capacitive stylus) are actually genuinely useful.+ Tablet comes with MyNet for out of the box DLNA support. If you have a home DLNA server, you'll love using a tablet for streaming content here, there, and anywhere.CONS- It's a little thicker than other tabs. Again, if this is your first, I cannot stress enough you will not notice it. I only do because I have many points of comparison, and the only other tablet I own thicker than this one is the HP Touchpad. As some people have commented, this can actually be helpful because it makes the device easier to hold. But be aware it will take a little more room (just a hair) than other offerings.- Android still lacks a number of tablet based apps. This is not nearly as bad as what some reviewers make it out to be, but the iPad is still well ahead in terms of tablet-optimized apps. Android's framework allows phone-scale apps to be stretched very well to tablet size-- you're not going to see the same, hilariously awful 2x zoom that iPad users have to deal with. That said, the resulting apps are rarely fun to use, with lots of whitespace and narrow bars. Still, the selection gets better with each day, especially with the launch of the wildly popular Nexus 7.- 10.1" is not portable enough for people who just want to carry a small bag with them or (you can if you really want to, I suppose...) slip their tablets into their pockets. Ladies, a 7" tablet is a better candidate for your purse. For guys, you'll want something like the Targus CityGear Netbook Case for up to 10.2 Inch Netbooks- Black and Grey TSM097CA if you want to bring your tabs with you on the go.- Most of the ports are on the dock. You can buy adapters for ASUS' proprietary connector, but honestly you're better served by buying the dock. You do get microHDMI on the top half if you're really into that, though!- For a little more you can pull for one of ASUS' more premium offerings. While the Prime has its shortcomings and few apps make use of the full HD panel on the Infinity, both are faster than the Pad (though not by too much). You make the call.I can unreservedly recommend this as a first time tablet, or to other students who want a good tablet in their life. Comment with questions and I'll definitely respond.
asus-transformer|I recommend this tablet. I have not had problems with the hardware as other have described (light bleed). Nor have I found some of the other complaints to be an issue. Performance is great, even the auto light sensor is usable (power saving mode actually causes it to take a lower setting, though I can't say it is always perfect). Pretty much everything else is as expected and stated elsewhere, it doesn't feel like a tank so I wouldn't want to drop it, but the build is just what I'd expect. Since there are some many reviews on the hardware I'll go over to the Android/Software side. This is a Google product, I do not know what it is like to use this without a Google account "attached" to the device.One thing that takes getting use to is not closing applications. Things are just left running, though usually this means the app is stopped and won't do anything until becoming the active app. While many times you can switch from one application working on something to another, there are still times when an app will cancel what it was doing when being backgrounded.Android 4 uses the MTP and PTP so plugging the device into the computer will not provide you with a standard USB media device. This was chosen so that there was not a separate app drive from the system drive, and maybe more.I love the customization Asus did with the notification area. It gives quick access to a clock, power controls (wifi, bluetooth, gps), screen brightness, and performance settings.While Asus gives 8GB of webstorage, Google has turned their docs service into Drive and provide 5GB of webstorage. So good for all of us. The splashtop software is also very nice for those running Windows, it will forward your Windows desktop to the tablet and on a local network it is very usable. I don't have any comment on @vibe or Kindle or Netflix. I can say that Google actually provides two navigation software. Maps provides the ability but it isn't spoken directions, while Navigation is more of what is found for a GPS device. And if listening to Google Music (probably others) it will turn it down to make its statement.I would like to mention that text input comes in many forms and can downloaded if you want a different keyboard. One text input that comes with Android is "Google voice typing." Just be warned, dictating long messages isn't easier than typing. One thing I haven't figured out, the Asus keyboard has swype functionality, but not always (and it is actually a good keyboard).I do think that there is a slight security risk with this thing. I recommend using a screen lock that requires some code, even the basic kind. On top of that I've found it way too easy for purchases to be made, so I use AppLocker (comes pre-installed) to lock the Play Store, nothing complex, just to give that extra step. You can go into AppLocker and disable it if you're going to do a lot of switching. I do not like that AppLocker takes up a permanent spot in my notification area.Some other tips. Get GrooVe IP so you can make and receive free calls with Google Voice. Install Dolphin as your browser, find some financial software (anMoney), vehicle maintenance (My Cars), Groceries (Food Planner), ToDo (Any.Do), weather forecast widget (Android Weather).
asus-transformer|I love my Transformer TF300 and the versitility of having a dock. However, after several weeks of usage I did notice a few things that made me wish for better design.First I do get a little lag every now and then, even a little freezing of apps. I'm trying to ignore this hopping it'll fix itself. It could be certain apps i'm using, but who knows, afterall that's the whole point of these android tablets...APPS. My main gripe about this pad is that it is PLASTIC arghh#$%@!. Why is this my big problem? Becase when you lift open the pad from the closed "laptop" position I notice I sometimes pull away the plastic edge near the camera. Also at the base of the charge port is the same issue with the skinny piece of thin plastic covering. I'm noticing this almost on all edges. This continues to be an issue with my excellent Poetic case (Poetic HardBack Protective Case for Asus Transformer TF300 Black With HandStrap with Built-in Folding Cover - Black (3 Year Manufacturer Warranty From Poetic)(Has Open Slot for Charger Port)(Speaker Hole is Completely Opened) (Intergrated HandStrap)), because the pad's cheap plastic covering keeps getting ripped appart along the edges. Now i have to be extra carefull.I Just wish this TF300 pad had a nice solid metal body like the Prime and others. Asus, why can't we have our cake and eat it too. Why can't Asus produce a nice sturdy Pad like the Prime without it's inherent issues with the metal body?By the sound of this review you'll think I'll give this pad a 2-star or something, but I still love it but wish it was constructed better like the Prime minus the inherent issues I can't live with. But for a 32GB at $399 shipped (no tax payed, free shipping, from new egg)it's a no brainer. Because you cant beat the price of 96GB pad (32 miniSD + 32gb SD in the Dock + 32 gb internal pad = 96GB), and the Ice Scream Sandwhich OS, and the "Netbook-Like" functionality, I have to give this atleast 4+ stars.Buy this, you will love it.
asus-transformer|TF300 ReviewI got my tf300 on May 17th have used it for about 6 days now. In my personal opinion I like this tablet and the only thing that is wrong with it is that there are not many apps that are made for android tablets yet. If you are an android user and enjoy the freedom of android then you will definitely enjoy this tablet, but if you rely heavily on iTunes and the easiness of backing up and syncing, and the simplicity of iOS then this tablet might not be for you, more specifically android.Physical Aspect - The plastic back body does not feel cheap even though many have complained about it. The design is nice and it feels pretty sturdy. Some have said that the plastic does bend inward which is true but it is not significant enough for it to be a real concern. You will not notice the plastic bending unless you actually look it. In the end I know that the back was made plastic to increase Wi-Fi/GPS reception which now works fine.- The only major problem I had for the tablet build was the fact that they decided not to use gorilla glass and went with hardened glass instead. The glass they used does not feel slick when sliding my finger across it like in the iPad 3. Also it is a fingerprint magnet which can get annoying. Either way the problems stated above for me don't mean too much to me because I always buy screen protectors.- Another awkward thing they did with the build was put the mono speaker to the right when tablet is positioned in landscape mode. When listening to audio/video in landscape mode it feels awkward because my right ear gets a higher volume than my left, but it isn't that big of a problem when in portrait mode. Although I won't complain too much about it because the speaker is better than that of the prime and is very clear even at the highest level.Display Quality- video quality seems fine, I watched a lot of YouTube trailers in HD and even watched Sherlock Holmes games of shadows in 720p and Avatar in 1080p and so far video quality seems fine to me and the tablet did not even hiccup. I have not compared it with other tablets but as far as I can tell this screen is good.- I know a lot of people complained that Asus did not put in a Super IPS+ display with 600nits of brightness in this tablet but the fact is that this tablet's 350nits is plenty. Not to mention that in my house I only use about 10%, yes 10%, brightness and the 600nits is only for outside use and will take a toll on your battery. I have actually used this tablet in sunlight, but in order to see clearly the sun must be at an angle, the screen at max brightness, and the background preferably in white or light color.Operating System (Ice Cream Sandwich)- This is my first android device and all I can say is Wow, kudos to Google. I know many people have said that Android is confusing or too hard to use, but I got the hang of it within a couple of hours and there really isn't that big of a learning curve as people say there is.- in the reviews I actually saw that quite a few people got lemons and when I ordered mine I had my fingers crossed and hoped for a good working tablet. Luckily my tablet was and is still okay. Although during the second day I did have a screen glitch where the screen would gitter up and down. A quick reset took care of that and I have had no other problems until the 5th day where I got a random restart from an app freezing. To those that do have crashes and reboots I would suggest upgrading the firmware or trading it in for another one and definitely give the tf300 another chance.- I have also read in the reviews that many people have had the wait/close message many times while browsing and my case is no different, I would suggest using another browser like dolphin which is a lot more stable and less likely to crash, my dolphin has yet to crash. Also if the wait/close message does pop up just press wait and it will start working again immediately, to avoid wait/close error just be a bit more patient and let the page load completely.- The OS itself is very stable and responsive with a few glitches here and there. If it ever freezes which is usually caused by an app I just wait a few seconds and everything goes back to normal.Camera/Webcam- Both the camera and webcam are decent for this tablet; I was not expecting them to be head turning so no complaints here.- The camera is decent quality, the image is grainy and when zoomed in the image is very jagged/razor-like. This is not a digital camera replacement but I know that if I ever needed a camera that this tablet can take decent enough pictures for me.- the webcam is also okay, does not work too well in low light conditions but is good in adequate light levelsProcessor (tegra 3)- I'm so glad that Asus went with a quad core processor this to me increases the longevity of the tablet and the dual core processors in other tablets would have only lasted so long. I recently heard that Microsoft and NVidia were working together to make an Arm based Windows 8 running on Tegra 3 which they actually debuted and it worked perfectly, just goes to show you that the Tegra 3 is a quite powerful processor and it will last for years, sooner or later developers will start taking advantage of the 4 cores.- Apple claims that the A5X is more powerful graphics wise and is 4 times better than the Tegra 3, now that is true the A5X is 4 times faster, but once the iPad's retina display turns on the A5X has to use up more resources to power that and only leaves enough power as the Tegra 3, also with screen turned on. So when both screens are turned on the graphics power is pretty much the same. If you want to see the benchmarks in detail then here is the link ([...]). In terms of raw CPU output not graphics, the Tegra 3 obviously is better with its 4 cores.Tf300 vs iPad 3- When people compare Android tablets vs. the iPad I think they should only focus on the software not the hardware.- To be honest the iPad does not give you any hardware features that it should, the tf300 has micro-hdmi, micro-sd, and you can buy an usb kit for the transformer to attach ntfs hard drives or keyboards and mice.- The only thing the iPad has better than the tf300 is the app store in my personal opinion, don't get me wrong the iPad is an awesome device and they only problem I had was for $499 they still only give 16gb which was not enough for meICS (Ice Cream Sandwich) vs iOS- So a thing about iOS is the closed environment of apple. Unless you jailbreak the device and void the warranty you cannot customize the iPad with widgets or better security features. It also lacks true multi-tasking. Another problem is app to app integration. For example, I have a word file in my Dropbox account which I want to edit. In the iPad I can't edit it, but in Android I can click on it and have the option to open it in Polaris Office and edit it and save in to the tablet. And if I wanted to upload it back into Dropbox.- The USB connection to my PC allows me to read this tablet like a hard drive. I can freely add and remove media files without having to go through an application like iTunes, although to be fair I actually like the easiness and organization iTunes has and wish Android had a free and better program like iTunes. The only problem with iTunes is its lack of many different video formats which is annoying, Android has a awesome array of format it supports without the need to convert which I love.- I won't keep going into detail about why I like android better but wicked4u2c on YouTube has made a 5 part mini-series about why android is better using ICS and the iPad. Although to play fair he did say he preferred the iPad as the better tablet, but once again that was based on the mainly the lack of true tablet applications for android tablets.Wicked4U2C channel - ([...])Part 1 - [...]Part 2 - [...]Part 3 - [...]Part 4 - [...]Part 5 - [...]Bonus - [...]TF300 vs iPad - [...]Feel free to comment and ask me questions below all opinions welcomed.UPDATE:So apparently I can't display links so you guys would have to find the articles on your own.For the CPU benchmarks: Google keywords,-Redmond pie, a5x, tegra 3,For Wicked4u2c: YouTube channel called wicked4u2cThe ICS vs IOS videos called "Android vs IOS the truth" - that's part of the nameFor tf300 vs iPad YouTube search both tablet names and look for the video made by wicked4u2c.
asus-transformer|This is an awesome tablet. Extremely powerful and versatile. Some purists will say the display isn't up to par, but that's ridiculous. This is a stunning display even if it falls short of the highest pixel count available. The performance is better than the iPad 3, it's a beautiful device and it offers the unique ability to pop into a keyboard base and "transform" into a laptop. Combine that with it' s low price and Apple is outdone and forgotten. Buy it now.UpdateI originally bought this for my wife, after spending some time using the tablet, I've decided to purchase another one for myself. Ease of use, convenience, portability and awesome power make it a better option for me than my laptop.The unit is made of plastic, but it's very sturdy and I feel it will last quite a while, I did order a leather case for it though. As I previously stated, the screen is great regardless of what anyone else says. I have poor eyesight, but I can clearly read the screen even with full sun shining on it. I tested the GPS with the unit tethered to my iPhone and it works flawlessly. Wifi reception is so good, it found more servers around my house than any other device I own and has had full strength connected to mine since I fired it up, regardless of where I use it in the house.I was able to easily conect to my main computer via DLNA and stream the music and videos I have stored there. There are litterally too many features on this tablet to list individually and I know I haven't even found all of them yet. So far, there's nothing I've tried to do with it that's slowed it down.I did notice two glitches; the browser shut down a couple of times for no reason and had a hard time coming back up. I think this is a problem with ICS and will probably be fixed with the next update. Also, the on screen ASUS keyboard is very glitchy. I was constantly hitting backspace while writing lengthy messages because it would misspell (even though I hit the right key) and would put spaces in the middle of some words. I haven't tried the Google keyboard yet because I decided to just use the dock from now on for long messages.One more note. I've used an iPad before and have owned an iPhone since it was released. The Apple OS is more polished than Android, but Android has come very far since it's humble beginnings and I believe it will surpass IOS very soon. But, it's good enough now for us to thoroughly enjoy these tablets and has given me a reason to ditch our iPhones and go with Samsung Galaxy S's as well.UpdateHaving spent an extended amount of time with the tablet, I've got a few observations.First, there is some light bleed on the screen edges, but under normal circumstances it's not noticable.Second, on top of shutting down occassionally the browser is very slow to extremely slow. I believe this is more an Android issue than a tablet issue and I hope it will be corrected with an update.Third, the tablet has 3 performance settings. Initially, I left it on the default balanced setting. I've discovered that MANY times video will not play unless I switch to the high performance setting. I've decided to just leave it on the higher setting and sufffer the battery drain.Fourth, for some reason, you cannot use a usb extension cable. It won't work for power or data with any cable extention. This is dissapointing as I'd like to sit on the couch and charge at the same time, but the stock cable is too short.I still believe it's a great tablet and will only get better with software updates, but right now it suffers from glitchy, slow apps and OS. I've dropped my review by 1 star due to the software issues.UPDATE***I've spent many months with the tablet and thought I'd share my thoughts now.The new JB upgrade and subsequent upgrades to that have really helped. The keyboard works great now. For the browser, I switched to Chrome and have had no issues, just have to go to the stock browser for flash related content. Battery life is around 7 hours for almost constant use. And, about another 5 hours if I add the dock, very good in my opinion. A user commented about the extension USB issue and rightly informed me that it has to be USB 3.0, I was using a 2.0 cable.I use the tablet every day and it has become a necessary part of life. I use Kingfsoft office for word docs and spreadsheets, scribble pad for notes to myself and during meetings, play games, do email, take videos, navigation, weather, etc. I've also installed Splashtop on my PC so I can do remote desktop, works great.It's still the best Android tablet availible at this price point and will be a viable option for some time.I like the tablet so much, I bought one to give away to one of my employees during my company Christmas party. The lucky winner is very happy.
asus-transformer|I got my TF300 a few days ago and I love it! I really wanted to wait for the Transformer Pad Infinity because of the nicer screen and the metal casing, but for $200 less, I felt that the TF300 would be a great deal and it is! I haven't tried to use the tablet outside, but inside the screen is bright and crisp - I have zero complaints about it.Some of the best things about this tablet:*It's able to run Flash programs*Full keyboard dock*customizability (Apple doesn't want you messing with anything except maybe where you put the apps on the screen)*The ability to print on most printers using Google Cloudprint (Apple airprint lets you print on certain printers, but the list is short)*Comes with Polaris Office (like Microsoft office and compatible with office and excel and power point)*Much more compatible with a PC*You can remotely control your PC using this tablet (really cool!)*Way more apps than I thought there would be with all the hype about Apple's App Store having more - I have an iPhone and so I know there are gazillions of choices there, but if I didn't know better, I wouldn't have noticed the difference.* You can use your PC to download apps directly to the TF300 without connecting it or anything.*There's a widget you can use to kill all the running apps to save battery power.As for the unit itself, it feels nice in my hands - the plastic doesn't feel chintzy, but I have nothing to compare it to. The touch screen is very responsive, the apps and browsing are fast and smooth (even with some really cool live wallpapers running in the background).So far, I have no complaints at all. Part of me still wants the Infinity just because it will have some things that are really cool, but I'm not sure they are worth $200 extra when the insides of the two are pretty much the same.
asus-transformer|UPDATE 3: Please check each individual section in my "PRIOR REVIEW" for updates on those particular items. I will do one more small update later.UPDATE 2: This is just a short update just to let everyone that the replacement TF300 has for all extensive purposes been a home run. This is the tablet I wanted to love and it keeps giving me reasons to love it more. I will do a more in depth update later in the next few days but for now just let me say BUY THIS TABLET. I'm very happy I just got a defective unit the first time around. No strike 2 for ASUS. I'll leave my prior review in place just in case someone gets a tab that was doing the same thing.UPDATE 1: Just to keep those interested in buying up to date. ASUS responded very quickly to my review (see comments) and after a few emails back and forth they also think I have a faulty tablet. For those interested I'll post some excerpts in the comments, I do go into a bit more detail on some of the errors.PRIOR REVIEW:Well, I'll get right to it. I want to LOVE this tablet. I did a lot of research and knew this was it for me. I received my tablet and started putting it through the paces. All was well for about a week, then it started rebooting over and over again. First it was rebooting after every song on Pandora. So I uninstalled the app and reinstalled it. Ok, problem solved. Not quite. Angry Birds Space froze, tablet rebooted. Now I'm getting suspicious. Pandora made it reboot. EVERYTHING made it reboot. Keep in mind all this was yesterday that it got all kooky. I am on the latest firmware. I did a cold boot (power off, unplugged, power button+volume down) and was hoping for the best. Nope. Getting my google play on and then silence. Look at the tablet and it's rebooting. So I start opening apps to test again. I open Dolpin Browser, Gallery, Super Note, and My Library, all but one come PREINSTALLED on the tablet. I go to open Pandora and don't even get to touch the icon before it's rebooting again. So I want to run that scenario, open the same apps, it's fine. I have the tab in the keyboard dock and I go to open Netflix. The screen goes to portrait then back to landscape and nothing happens. So I say screw it and put Google play back on again. I let it play over night, it did not restart, but the music did pause. Fine. I hit play in the morning and like 15 seconds in it restarts. I am returning this tablet and hoping it's just a defective unit. From the reviews it sounds it is. But I will make some comments on how it was when it did work.DisplayPeople say it's not as nice as the new IPAD. Well it's not, IPAD is a premium unit sold at a premium price. I'm not gonna compare a Hyundai to a high end Mercedes. Is a super duper HD screen really worth THAT much more? Not for me. Compare the Transformer Infinity to the IPAD. That said, the screen is great. Reading books is no problem, my pictures look awesome, games look very detailed. LITTLE bit of bleeding on the bottom (landscape) but as others have stated, only on black back grounds and really it doesn't take away from anything. It's not burn your eyes out bright as the Prime, but it's plenty bright. At home I usually keep it at 50%, in my office I might max it out, but in my defense 3 of my 4 walls are windows really so I get a lot of sunlight in here. It's plenty bright. I sort of think we've all been pampered and spoiled by gorgeous screens and I can honestly say this is one is just that. It's just not super duper IPS HDx400. Stop, it's great, plenty good, especially for the price. I've thrown some HD video at it looks awesome. And I'm a little snobby when it comes to these things, I'm happy with the display. It's also (when it works) very responsive out of box.UPDATE: Not much to add to this. I still feel it's plenty bright for the average person. Resolution is fine, HD video looks great. HD games and apps look great. Non-HD apps are a little pixelated but that's not a display issue, that's an android issue because (and apple does do this better) not every app is made to be displayed on tablets. Great, solid screen that is very responsive. Really my only gripe is a gripe about ALL tablets is that they are finger print magnets. I was given a stylus that I thought I would never use, but I gotta admit that I love the thing. Since I use it so much it sort of solved the finger print issue.PerformanceMeh, can't comment on this until I get the replacement unit. It started off pretty snappy and just fell apart. Graphic intensive games were nothing to it. No lag at all. My bigger problems were the simple things which is kind of odd. I do love the option of low consumption, balanced, and performance. You can change between them quickly and there is a definite difference in battery life (and performance). I don't need 5 cores to do most things, i'm usually on balanced and it (when it works) was plenty fast. I think my unit is defective so I'll hold off on this part.UPDATE: Now I can comment on this. GREAT tablet. This will probably be one of the most important sections for most so I'll try to be thorough. I'll break this up into subcategories to make it easy.MULTITASKING UPDATE: This beast is amazing. Let me take you through a normal day. I get to the office and throw on streaming music or put a movie for back ground noise. I gotta prep for some meetings on Evernote, review some documents on Google Drive. Meeting time. We have a lot of internal documents in pdf, no problem with ezPDF reader (two bucks, buy it) where I can pull it up and ohhh look at that, yes I am annotating the pdf file with my own notes, text, drawings and pictures. I work at a large facility, someone in the meeting just asked about a certain area of our property. it's Maps time! I remove my tablet from the keyboard dock (which always is met by a look of surprise, then "oh how cool" then questions about the tablet) and scroll smoothly from side to side and zoom in and out with no problem (AS LONG AS YOU HAVE FAST WIFI!!!). Another question and I have to look at a website for a quick answer (like I said in the internet browsing, it's not that bad, just not a desktop experience on the speed) and now they ask to see some pictures, up comes the gallery where my pictures render quickly (performance mode is your friend, ladies and gents). Another question that I know can be better explained with a youtube video and back to my notes. Is Thursday good for a follow up meeting? Let me pull up my calendar....how were your numbers last year for this....let me open the file manager and pull up my excel sheets. I do not close any of this stuff down and only once has maps frozen and shut down. I do this almost every day to that extent and do not close apps between all this bouncing around. It handles it with out breaking a sweat. This machine is a multitasker. Quad-core? Yes please!PERFORMANCE GAMES UPDATE: I did not purchase this tablet to play games. That said, holy jesus I love playing games on this thing. Your normal Android game (i.e. angry birds, Fruit Ninja, Ninja Chicken, TnT, Temple Run, Brave Temple Run, TripleTown (I saw the cutesy graphics and was going to bail, 3 minutes later I'm buying this insanely addictive game) all look and run beautiful. The graphic intensive games that should show off the processor might does just that. Max Payne, NOVA 3, Six Guns, ShadowGun and Biohazard 4 (korean only release, I don't know what the hell is going on in it) all look great, run smooth, and do it all with a high frame rate. I did have Shadow Gun shut down on me when I connected it to my 50' panasonic along to my PS3 controller, but that was after I played it for about half an hour with no problems, turned it off, and went to play it again. That was yesterday and I haven't tried again. I'm getting used to playing the higher end games on the tablet, it was a little weird at first with out a controller. I'm still a little clunky at it but I'm guessing I just need to practice. Overall I'd say the tablet has exceeded my expectations on the game front.Internet BrowsingAt times it's brilliant, but it's buggy. (right as I wrote that my tablet restarted...again with pandora) Anyways, not the smoothest web experience. But i think that will get better. My personal experience is that Chrome Beta seems to be the most unstable, it shuts down a lot. Dolphin seems pretty good as does the stock browser. I honestly have not put in enough time browsing the web to make a fair judgement on this.UPDATE: I think this Internet Browsing might be the weakest thing about Android (not this tablet, it's really more of a software problem) It's not as good as desktop browsing, but it's a pretty new OS so there's going to be a lot of improvement on this front. It's not awful by any means, but it's just not that normal desktop experience. Some sites load just fine, no problem at all. Others that are flash heavy or have videos tend to take a bit too long to load. Nothing unbearable mind you, but definitely has room for improvement. But I might not have the right browser. I mainly use the stock browser. Haven't used Dolphin HD much, the chrome browser (beta) was god awful and unstable, and Firefox just came out and I have not tried that out yet.SoundNot bad, not oh my god amazing, but not bad. I watched Iron Man 2 on netflix with my Onkyo system hooked up to it, it did surround sound pretty damn well actually. Didn't really expect that. With out assistance I would say the sound is above average. It's actually damn loud with Ninja Chicken.UPDATE: I use it in my office all the time, no problem hearing music or movies over the stupidly loud AC. I use headphones a lot, they sound good. I would like an equalizer but that's a software thing and I'm sure there's on in the market place, haven't looked. But really that should be standard for any OS. I also connect it for music and movies to my Sound System and it sounds epic. Don't expect to put this thing as your sound source for your party or anything like that. One somewhat big gripe is the speaker placement is stupid. If I'm holding the speaker landscape laying a game like NOVA 3 I cover the damn speaker with my hand. Why ASUS put two speakers on one side of the flippin' thing is beyond me. The speaker quality itself isn't bad though and the placement is more of an annoyance than an actual problem.MEDIA PLAYBACK UPDATEMusic: No problem. I use Winamp myself and have had no problems.Moves: Ahhh! Here's where this beautiful creature shines. First, as stated several times in this review, get the MX PLAYER. It's awesome. HD looks great. The intro to Dark Knight, Hugo, Final Fantasy Advent Children and African Cats all made me give a little "wow" and I was playing them. But it's not just HD that look good. I threw Batman the Animated series and Batman beyond on this tablet and was a kid again watching them with no problem. I've thrown a lot of formats at it, avi, mp4, mkv (my personal favorite), mpg, all play no problem. The only thing that makes it jam up a bit is the M2TS which I actually never heard of until recently. Aside from that all video files have played back with no problems.HDMI Playbackit pretty much mirrors what's on your tab. Looked good but subtitles are a bit of a let down. Playing netflix movies subtitled will not display on screen. It'll show the movie on your TV but the subtitles only show up on the tablet. There's technical reasons for this having to do with HDMI, but it's disappointing because in my situation (my wife has english as a second language) it really does help. Other than that the quality is good and the sound does carry through the HDMI in case anyone was wondering.UPDATE: Loving the HDMI playback. No stutter, no slow down. I have quickly amassed a large digital library and it's great. Picture and sound are not problem. The subtitle thing for NETFLIX is a no go, but when playing a movie from your tablet on MX PLAYER (highly recommended) the subs on that show up just fine on the TV. I go into more detail on this in the comments section.WeightYou don't really realize how much a pound is until you are holding it for a while. I'm ok with it, my wife on the other hand did complain after a short while that it was a little heavy. I think it's fine, you'll really get tired holding pretty much anything for a while.UPDATE: After a few weeks I think I'm just used to this thing, weight doesn't bother me at all. I can and do hold it for long periods of time. My wife hasn't complained about it again either so I think she's on the same boat.BuildIt feels sold, keyboard dock does too. Not poor quality at all. I actually like that it's a littler thicker than the prime, it makes it more comfortable. There is such a thing as too thin sometimes. (And my tablet rebooted again, just FYI, this time with google play)UPDATE: Ah hell, I dropped it. It did have a case on it but parts were exposed. It got dinged up a bit because it was right onto asphalt, but it took it with minimal physical damage. Probably would have dented an aluminum housing, it was sort of a rough drop. But it's fine and very happy with the build quality thus far.BatteryGreat battery. Tablet with keyboard dock lasts me about a day and a half of fair usage, streaming music (as I keep trying to do), playing games, reading documents, always connected to wifi, brightness at full in my office, multi-tasking.UPDATE: I use the thing a lot and almost exclusively on performance mode (I paid for all those cores, I'm gonna bloody well use them). I do try to adjust the brightness to my surroundings (more proof that it's plenty bright) and keep the GPS and bluetooth off. After a day at work with me, games, movies, and streaming music I usually have about 30% left. Once it was at 23%, never has it died on me. I do have it in the keyboard dock most of the time. I don't need it to go 3 days with out charging. I am confident that if I had a super long flight or something that if I turned off the unnecessary items (wifi, gps, bluetooth, etc) and adjusted the screen brightness I can get between 12-15 hours out of the tab with dock and probably about 10 hours tab alone. For my personal needs it's more than enough.WifiNo problems with wifi. two seconds to find and connect to my home network. My work network is hidden. I just punched in the info and away I was. I have not done speed tests yet but I will with the second unit. I have fios so it should be interesting.UPDATE: No problems at all. Good range, stays connected. Fast downloads. Just used the speedtest dot net app and I red lined download at 20284 kbps and upload at 18317 kbps.UPDATE EXPANDABILITY: Yet another area where this tablet absolutely murders the IPAD. On the tab alone I ordered (have not received) a 32GB micro SD card. For the keyboard dock I have already slammed in a 64 GB SD card and I can equal that in USB flash drive at a reasonable price. But I have an 80 GB ipod that has a busted something or other and I get no sound. Kind of useless to me...or is it? Yup, reformatted and plugged in via USB port...HELLO EXTERNAL HARD DRIVE! Also had a spare 80GB macbook drive that I reformatted and it read it no problems. So let's do some math. 32GB internal+32 Micro SD+64 GB SD Card in dock+80 GB external drive=208 GB. Suck it IPAD, suck it.Final thoughtsThis tablet is filled with potential and I really really hope it's just a defective unit. Android has come along ways and ICS is great. Still has it's bugs, but I think it'll give iOS a run for it's money sooner rather than later. Don't be cheap, by the keyboard, it's really handy and good build. Easy to type on (and I type pretty fast). I'll hopefully be changing my rating to 5 stars with the second unit. Any questions or tests you would like comments on just leave a comment. I'll get to them when I get my new tablet in hopefully the very near future. By the way, exchanging on amazon is painless.
asus-transformer|Below is a review of several tablets I tried in MY chronological sequence with them, with explanations of why I rejected all but the Samsung Galaxy 2 10.1 tablet. I am placing the same review under each model I tried.Background - I am now 65 - NOT a member of the electronic generation! I love playing Scrabble and thought intensive games in general. I know very little about smart phones or tablets. I firmly believe that a company OWES SUPPORT to their consumers and NOT at additional cost! Customer service is VERY important to me! Before anyone accuses me of bias: I have NO connection to ANY of the companies mentioned. I am simply a consumer relating my personal experiences!iPad - first generation - EVERYTHING you do with it is tied to iTunes. When I tried it, there was absolutely NO manual or documentation available for iTunes. Beyond the first 90 days Apple wants to charge for tech support. I found iTunes and the Apple OS to be confusing and difficult to use. The tablet, itself, performed well but I prefer an OS that allows direct folder and file access.Samsung Galaxy 7 inch tablet first generation. This device runs Android 2.3. It is now several years old and STILL functions perfectly. The battery still holds an all day charge with moderate usage. I have never found an app that is "incompatible" with this model. This is an important point in the reviews that follow. I even used it to shoot surprisingly excellent videos of a music/dance presentation in a dimly lit auditorium. Now, several years later, with cataracts growing in both eyes as well as "floaters" in both eyes, I was seeking a screen larger than the 7 inch.Motorola Xoom 10.1 tablet. It is HEAVY. While it worked well, for reasons unknown to me it was not compatible with several of my favorite apps. Furthermore, the screen seems to get greasy very quickly!Asus TF300 Transformer 10.1 inch tablet. While the construction of mine was solid, all the other negative observations of other reviewers were immediately apparent. The tablet would not maintain wi-fi contact even close to my router. The Asus TF300 was also incompatible with many of my favorite apps. Finally, the Asus TF300 (and TF700 mentioned below) has a strange auto-spelling correct system that FREQUENTLY screwed up my typing. To their credit, Asus did answer my question with instructions on how to turn the spelling correction off, but only via email. They have NO telephone tech support.Samsung Galaxy NOTE 10.1 inch tablet. While it offers a pull out writing stylus AND a rear facing autofocus camera, I saw little difference between it and the Samsung Galaxy 2 10.1 table discussed below. At roughly $200 more than the Samsung Galaxy 2 10.1 tablet, although it performed well, I did not feel it was worth the difference in price.Asus TF700 Transformer Infinity - suffers many of the same problems as the less expensive TF300 model. SPASTIC OS, intermittent wi-fi disconnection. The auto-brightness control also appeared not to work or not to work properly. Perhaps worst of all, possibly because of the increased resolution (the improved resolution was NOT apparent to MY eyes - it appeared to me about the same as all the other tablets) the device is incompatible with MANY apps!Samsung Galaxy 2 10.1 tablet. It performed as well as my first generation Samsung Galaxy 7 inch tablet until I tried to download the QuickMark app to scan bar and QR codes. According to the app developer, the app is incompatible with the tablet because the tablet does NOT have an "autofocus" rear facing camera. A phone call to Samsung tech support, and YES - Samsung BELIEVES in customer support at no extra charge, confirmed the absence of autofocus in the rear facing camera! Since I do NOT carry the tablet with me when I go shopping and am NOT likely to scan Bar or QR codes often, I felt I could live without the autofocus rear camera. However, I did find a different QR code app that DOES work on the tablet. I have now had the tablet for a week and am loving it. SO FAR, I have not found any incompatible apps other than QuickMark. I find the screen to be bright and sharp (auto brightness works well), and the contrast to be superb. I have used it to watch Big Bang Theory via the TBS app. The Samsung Galaxy 2 10.1 inch tablet maintains strong wi-fi connection both anywhere in my home and at the school where I attend classes. Other than the lack of autofocus in the rear camera and the lack of direct USB connectivity without their proprietary cable (sadly, this lack of standardization is still common amongst tablet manufacturers), I have absolutely no complaints at this time.IF you do not need or can live without a rear camera that autofocuses (it DOES have a rear camera and a front camera for SKYPE and other functions), I highly recommend the Samsung Galaxy 2 10.1 tablet. At the current price of $300 for the wi-fi 16GB model (memory is expandable through a micro SD card. I see no need for a 32GB model), it is VERY reasonable! I think there are also cell phone service compatible models at additional cost.Advice to tablet shoppers:1 - Buy from a source that allows easy returns without restocking fees. Amazon is EXCELLENT for their customer service, but you may want to buy from a local store to avoid shipping time and costs. Buy from a source that does NOT charge a restocking fee AND allows a reasonable time for device trial.2 - Download as many apps that are free and that look appealing to you. Try each one at least briefly. NOTE any apps that are not compatible with the tablet you are testing. How important are they to you?3 - Look at each screen under bright and dim lighting. How do YOU find the brightness (usually adjustable, if auto-brightness does not work well for you), the contrast, the sharpness?4 - Log into your email account and/or create a Gmail account. Type an email to someone. Does the auto spelling correct work well for you? Is the virtual keyboard suited to your style and needs?5 - Play with the tablet for a whole day, if you can afford the luxury of sitting with it on. See how long the battery lasts.
asus-transformer|I've had my tablet for about a week now, and can say I'm very pleased with the device! I was happy to find that it has nearly the same specs as the Prime, but is priced at $100 cheaper. Personally, I've found the screen brightness to be just fine and the speed to be very impressive. I do wish there was flash on the back-side camera, but I don't expect to be using my tablet as a camera very heavily.Other users have had complaints about "light bleeding". I haven't found this an issue at all on mine, and I'm usually one to notice these things. After watching a video of someone showing this light bleeding, I took the tablet into a dark room to look for it and it does show up...if you really look for it. Now this has been a more serious problem for some users, but I haven't had any problems here. On the other hand, I have noticed that the colors don't seem to be quite as vibrant as on my PC or my Evo 4G, although this isn't a very significant difference. The picture is very crisp, and I don't have any complaints here.I'd also like to comment on the speaker quality. I was very, very impressed. Honestly, I think this thing has better speaker quality than my laptop, and can go to higher volumes. On the other hand, however, the speakers are placed both on the right side, removing any stereo separation. Really, it's hard to tell whether there are two speakers or just one amazing speaker. Either way, I still found the quality very impressive.Although it is slightly heavier and thicker than the Prime, it certainly doesn't feel like a bulky device by any means. Even at thicker than the Prime, it's still only 9.9mm thick (thinner than the Evo 4G at a *massive* 13mm thick!). And, the weight is still less than the Acer tablets.I tested the microphone with Skype, and it seems to work well. Of course it's not anything like a headset microphone, but as far as built in microphones go this does the job. I haven't tested video calls yet, but the pictures I've taken with the front facing camera look as good as any other device I've used.The plastic finish is very solid. Now this is my first tablet, and I haven't played with the aluminum tablets to compare with. But, most laptop and phone cases are plastic and this case is just as sturdy as any other, so I see no reason to have anything different here.For game players out there, you'll be really pleased with the gaming performance of the tablet. I've installed probably 3 dozen games and have been quite impressed with the performance. In fact, I can't play 3D games on my Evo 4G anymore because I've come to realize how terrible its framerate is. Unfortunately, Tegra 3 optimized games are new and still a bit buggy, but they're getting better every day. If you're looking to show off the gaming performance, I'd recommend Riptide GP or Dark Meadow.The battery strength has been decent. It lasts about one day through heavy use (reading/writing emails, gaming, watching videos, web browsing, and downloading).Overall, the TF300 has some strong pros, and a few (relatively insignificant in my opinion) cons.Pros:- Very fast, the 1.2GHz Tegra 3 handles everything without issue.- Ice Cream Sandwich runs very quickly and smoothly- The speakers are ridiculously good- The picture is crisp- Expandable microSD card slot, plus a microHDMI out and Bluetooth- Strong and consistent WiFi and GPS reception- Still light and sleek, even if not as much so as the PrimeCons:- No flash on back camera- Screen colors aren't as vibrant- The speakers are close together, removing stereo separation- Tablet and/or Tegra 3 optimized apps are still relatively new
asus-transformer|All aspects of the TF300 have worked great for me. I won't rehash details from other reviewers. I too don't understand 2 star reviews. If I want a Porsche, I don't expect to pay $20,000 for it. At this price point, the TF300 can't be beat. I am a big Android user/fan and have spent countless hours rooting and modifying my early model Android phone but I doubt I will bother with the TF300 because there really isn't any need to. They finally got it right with ICS,a real treat to use. For those having performance problems,I suggest looking at your apps or maybe its a bad build that should be exchanged. Some of the first things I did was download the Nova launcher (awesome) to replace the stock launcher and disabled apps I won't use (though ASUS is much better than most vendors at not putting too much crapware on their pad). Also replaced the stock browser with ICS Browser+. I also suggest BSPlayer Lite for video and Multipicture Live Wallpaper to manage your wallpaper.
asus-transformer|I first ordered this tablet the day that it was available. After doing much research on the Prime vs the TF300, I figured that the TF300 would fit my needs perfectly, and I would not have to spend an additional $120 for the Prime. I also was able to get the keyboard dock (which is a REALLY nice addition) for $125. The end result was getting the TF300 and Dock for about the same price as JUST the Prime itself. A great deal if you ask me!The only issue I had with the TF300 was that the first one I received had "light bleed" on the top and bottom of the display. I read that the original transformer had issues with this as noted here [...]. I could not find this issue relating to the Prime (probably due to the Super IPS+ display, or that Asus has become aware of the issue).Overall a great Android tablet. One of the best on the market.
asus-transformer|The Transformer TF300 disappointed me a bit. It wasn't the hardware but the software that was disappointing. The TF300 does indeed have great specs and its benchmark performance is high. Unfortunately, in the real world, things tend to work differently. My tablet suffers from random unresponsiveness and lag when browsing the web, running certain apps or multitasking. I get the option to close the browser/app or wait for it to respond. Usually, right after selecting the "wait" option, it becomes responsive again. Using a different browser to at least remedy the web experience only makes it worse. Another issue plaguing the tablet is certain game apps not loading or crashing randomly. A re-installation of the app usually fixes this problem. These issues are unacceptable for a next gen tablet with such good specs. However, the tablet is still new in the market and I expect Asus to patch these issues in the near future.I'm very pleased with the TF300's hardware and construction. Yes. You're going to get a plastic shell. This isn't Asus' Prime series and it's not an iPad. This is the Asus Transformer TF300 and sacrifices had to be made in order for the company to sell it at a lower price than it's competitors. Fortunately for the buyer, the TF300 doesn't sacrifice too much to keep its low price tag. If you compare it to its more expensive predecessors, it actually gains in some areas.In conclusion, the TF300's performance is held back by it's poor implementation of software. Fortunately, this problem can be solved by software updates. I'll be keeping my TF300 because I'm hopeful that these issues will be patched and, once they are, I'll be one very happy consumer.P.S. Would you like to see your problems fixed? We can ALL help get these and other issues fixed faster by letting ASUS know. Contact them via their webpage and tell them what's wrong. The process is very easy and they do listen. I did it:)UPDATE (5/14/12)I received a reply from ASUS concerning my tablet's issues. They recommended a factory reset followed by a cold boot. I did as they recommended and the tablet did in fact become more stable. Occasionally, I'll still get an unresponsive browser. This mostly happens if I try to scroll the page before it fully loads so it doesn't bother me. Also, some Tegra 3 optimized games crash from time to time. This is no big deal as the games only need to be patched up. There is, however, one persistent issue that drives me mad. Sometimes, for no apparent reason, the browser will close by it self. I'll make sure to follow up with ASUS about this.Update (5/24/12)ASUS released an update for the TF300 on May 10th 2012. First of all, I would like to mention that this firmware update fixes the FLICKER issue that some of us have experienced. Since the update, I've also noticed a better web experience. However, I still suspect that the WiFi receiver is kinda weak. Also, it could still use some more tweaking. You can look over the fixes provided by the firmware on ASUS website. If your tablet didn't update automatically (mine didn't) do so manually under Settings/About Tablet/System Firmware Update. I'm raising the rating from three stars to four stars because of the current fixes and ASUS' quick response to consumer complaints. Keep it up ASUS.
asus-transformer|This is my third tablet this month. I bought the Transformer Prime and would have loved it, but the Wi-Fi issues were as bad as everyone says. It is a shame, because other than that, it was a great looking tablet and I loved everything else about it. I returned the Prime for an iPad 3 and was really not happy with it at all. I had the 1st gen iPad and loved it because it was it was new and different. The New iPad felt like the same exact product with a crisper screen. A week after buying the New iPad I heard of this being released and returned the iPad immediately. I ordered this off Amazon and had to wait a week for it to ship due to grouping it with other items that were not in stock. Best decision I could have made. This tablet is really fantastic.The TF Pad 300 is basically the same as the Prime, but the Wi-Fi works. I don't care about the camera not having a flash, that is what my camera and Galaxy Nexus are for. There is the occasional hiccup while browsing, but I have found that using the task manager widget that comes preinstalled by Asus resolves this issue every time. I also have widgets on every screen that are updating constantly (weather, email, Facebook, twitter, G+, etc.) I am sure this is the cause. I have tested this by removing all widgets and just placing app icons on the screen (like the iPad) and the performance improved greatly. However, I love the customization with the widgets, so I just run the task killer occasionally to fix it.I also bought the keyboard dock. I have used it a bit with the keyboard dock and it works very well. I do not see myself using the keyboard a lot, but I like having it if I want to type a lengthy email or document. Also is great for long trips due to increased battery life. I will write a separate review for the dock.Also, if you do buy this, or any Android tablet for that matter, be sure to download Tablified Market from the Play store. It finds apps in the Play store that are created specifically for Android tablets. Trust me there are a lot more than you think there are. I do not know why Google has not implemented a tablet apps section in the Play store yet; it might really help their sales of Android tablets.Also, playing NES and PlayStation ROMs is awesome. These are bit trickier to install on a tablet than a phone, but you can do it easily with ASTRO manager from the Play store.Pros:Great looking screenCustomizationPolaris OfficeUSB ports (Dock only)Micros SD slot (Up to 32 gig)Keyboard dock (Sold separately)Useful widgetsTegrazone (Games are fantastic)Ease of setupPriceCons:No flash on camera (If you care about that sort of thing, I don't)Placement of power button (Top left)Semi-Con:BLOATWARE - There are quite a bit of preinstalled apps and widgets on this table. However, I am not adding as a con, because frankly, most of them have turned out to be very useful. Also, most of them can be removed. You definitely want to keep the following BLOATWARE MyCloud (8 free gigs of storage, MyLibrary and MyNet, Polaris Office, Nvidia Tegrazone.)I hope this helps those of you that are on the fence.
asus-transformer|The almost perfect 10" Android ICS Tablet.I received the Blue, 32GB, TF300 - April 25, 2012.I have spent the last 10 days looking for flaws. They are hard to find, especially at this price.Performance:It's a great ICS performer. Quick browsing. App switching is quick. In summary: no performance issues. Paid US$400 for a well performing tablet. Suspect software updates from ASUS will only improve performance.HW Features:When hinged with the dock, the audio cable is plugged into the top of the tablet. This is not ideal considering the tablet is top heavy and prone to upset. The audio cable does not help. Would like to have an 3.5mm audio output at the bottom of the tablet or on the optional dock. This is really a dock complaint. But at $380-$400, who can complain?MicroSD is great for loading Gigabytes of Movies and Music.Get the Dock for the full-size USB connector..great for USB memory sticks.I don't like the charging connector. ASUS should have used USB, at both ends, for charging.Software:Firmware update was happening just minutes after connecting to my WIFI. Bundled ASUS software is nice, not annoying like many packaged applications. ASUS cloud app, file manager and dock/tab battery widget are great. Stock launcher is okay, I recommend APEX or NOVA. The TF300 is stable. No random restarts. Some applications temporarily freeze with "[app name] is not responding" "Would you like to close it [wait or ok]?" I click wait and everything returns to normal. The application resumes. This is once a day with different applications. I will not remove a star for this. This is android, not IOS.Build Quality:The plastic back is solid and not slippery. The TF300 is a solidly-built device. Glass and metal are not the answer to build quality. It feels great. Dock will protect the screen when not in use. You don't need gorilla glass.WIFI and GPS:Excellent reception. No problems to report. WIFI signal strength is the best i have seen in a device.Display:This display is bright enough. I don't understand why you would want a brighter display.Audio:What you would expect from a tablet's tight packaging. I use headphones or my Tivoli. If there is nothing behind the tablet to reflect the rear-facing speaker sound, you lose a lot of volume. No stereo effect...On-Screen Keyboard:ASUS kybd...It works fine. I use swiftkey.The Keyboard Dock:Get it. Key layout is amazing. The top row is a set of very useful function keys like turn-off-touchpad, brightness, volume, etc. It includes FULL Size USB, SDcard. Battery is nice to have. Top heavy....not bothered by this.Battery:With the dock battery and tablet battery...tablet in green mode with brightness turned down...browsing/reading 15 hours easy. With the dock, this TRANSFORMER is heavier than I expected. 15 Hours of Battery=Heavy. I am okay with this trade-off.Price:Considering Performance and Features. $380-$400 can't be beat.At this price, it's a 5-Star device with the minor flaws.PROS:PricePerformanceFlexibilityStability (no random restarts)Build QualityMicroSD, MicroHDMI, USB(w/dock), SDcard(w/dock)ICS (shipped with) and close to Vanilla ICSFlash Video supportASUS Cloud StorageASUS applications(Optional) KYBD Dock: Excellent Design and QualityCONS:non-USB charging connector (at the tablet end of the cable)too high placement of 3.5mm audio output (when used with dock)audio: mono rear-facing speakerno camera flash
asus-transformer|i shopped and shopped, this one is affordable and has all the bells and whistlesi would order it again
asus-transformer|I have the original transformer tablet and decided to upgrade from tf101 to tf300. Well first off new keyboard if you bought any other version, second if you need a new power cable/charger, you are not going to find on at best buy, staples, office max, and office depot. You must go online to find a cable.
asus-transformer|Was thinking of getting a acer brand and after seeing my friend asus i had to get it. Its fast and does the job and way more expandable then the i pad. Only problem i have is like stated cant use a regular usb extension. Also other complaint i have is navigation u have go have a wifi connection unless u donwload navagation software that u can download the maps . I emailed tec support asking is dataa connection needed for gps use. They basically said yes. Other then that its a great product for the price
asus-transformer|Hey I really am impressed so far. I think its a greatoverall Tablet. It has a great screen for the price.I have no complaints so far, and its very flexible.I would recomend it over the kindle Fire HD ona price basis and the fact that its OS is set up soits more open and flexible than the OS on the kindle.Sorry Amazon but I didn't like the restraints on thekindle just to have a fancier screen.
asus-transformer|Love the crisp display and the vibrant colors. Very easy to use, lightweight, and perfectly customizable. The only con: can't really use it in very bright sunlight. That goes for many other tablets as well though so not a big isssue. Great battery life also
asus-transformer|QUEDE COMO UN PRINCIPE ANTE MI ESPOSA FUE EL REGALO DE CUMPLEA&Ntilde;OS Y QUEDO ENCANTADA CON ESTA TABLET BUENA TECNOLOGIA A UN COSTO RAZONABLE
asus-transformer|I am an IT professional and use the tablet mostly for professional purposes.I purchased this product about 10 month ago and about 3 month ago the screen started flickering.I contacted ASUS and sent the tablet for technical support. It took about 3 weeks until the tablet returned and about one week later the problem returned.I sent it to ASUS repair again, and it was returned about 3 weeks later. It looked OK when I started the device, but even before I installed my applications the screen started flickering again, and a lot worse that before. Now the screen flickers at the moment I turn the tablet on.I have been ASUS products for near 20 years. All my custom build computers use ASUS hardware, and have recommended ASUS products to hundreds of people.This occurrence have dramatically changed my opinion about ASUS. I am extremely disappointed.
asus-transformer|Just can't quite pull the trigger and become an Apple Fanboy! This will be an ideal tablet for travelling and using as a e-reader.
asus-transformer|Incredibly well built product with the uncanny ability to pull in extremly attactive females like a magnet once taken outside the home. If you are single and looking to fill up your dating calender... this product's for you!
asus-transformer|Togetehr with a key dock this transformer is just the device I always wanted to have. Easy ordering and fast delivery on time made it a good buy.
asus-transformer|My cat smashed my original Asus and I debated how I would replace it - buy another one or switch to another tablet. In the end I bought another EEE Transformer because it just fits the bill for the things I like to do.
asus-transformer|I've waited to review this purchase until I've had some significant time using the tablet. Overall, I like and and could recommend it. It has some flaws, but what computing device doesn't.I purchased a Kindle Fire about six months before this, hoping that I could find a cheaper way to enter the tablet rage. I like the Fire, too, but found that the screen is too small for my aging eyes for the fairly extensive amount of reading I do online through blogs, websites, news pages, etc. So I use the Fire more as an ereader now, with the flexibility to get online with it periodically, too.I shopped for some time and landed on the Asus. The screen is bright and clear. The touch screen is generally responsive, though in some apps less so. I also bought a stylus to help with those tiny hyperlinks on some pages, because I found that it was occasionally difficult to land where I wanted to.I was hoping to use it mostly for pleasure, but occasionally for business, and that's where it's been mildly disappointing. I was hoping to connect it to a projector to show powerpoint files I've created on my laptop, and I searched far and wide for apps that would enable me to do that. Finally found Teamviewer, and it does what I want, and the miniHDMI to VGA connector displays the screen, but despite playing with settings on both the Asus and the projector, it still squeezes the screen to make the display on the projector unacceptable.I use it often for reading online the various blogs and news sites I frequent, and have used some apps (such as USA Today)that make that easier still.It's never frozen up on me (as has almost every PC I've ever owned - even the ones I really liked), there's plenty of memory for some music, photos and videos to be stored. I will say that I'm a little disappointed in the ability to playback certain types of video files - perhaps that's more a function of the software than the Asus.All in all, a user-friendly, enjoyable tool for getting online, doing a little business (though it will never replace my laptop), and I continue to discover new ways to use it even several months after purchasing it.
asus-transformer|This is a wonderful tablet. It is well worth the money. I bought a cheaper one somewhere else and had to return it. This one never freezes up and has a pretty good battery life. It is also easy to use. Great product!
asus-transformer|I wish this notification to review this product included the vendor details. I am very pleased with how she packaged the tablet and handled the whole transaction.Superior value! This ASUS TF300 tablet is incredibly powerful for its size. My wife loved it so much I broke down and bought one for myself.The tablet is speedy, manageable size, great features, easy and intuitive navigation; the external keyboard is a must, but the onboard digital keyboard is adequate. My issue there is that the digital keyboard is so big, there is not much realestate left on the screen.
asus-transformer|It is so cool, this is my first tablet, Im not that good at the computer, and have been running on an old, SLOW, laptop, so this new tablet is awsome. I only wish it came with a instruction book. I am still learning what all these programs and apps do.
asus-transformer|This was a great tablet for a while. But it died in less than a year of use.By the way, I never abused it. It was always kept in a case, never fell anywhere and I only used original Asus chargers, cables and the dock. I think it was the dock that killed it.
asus-transformer|I was pleased with the product. I was apprehensive because I had never purchased a refurbished product before. I have not had any trouble with this product. I use it weekly if not daily. I would not hesitate to buy another Asus refurbished item.
asus-transformer|I am a &#34;Senior&#34; and this is the first tablet I have owned.It was fairly easy to figure out, but I wish it had come with more instructions on how to set it up.As I do not own a &#34;smartphone&#34; or was familiar with &#34;Android&#34; system - I had to go online to find a tutorial to figure it out.That being said, this product does everything I need it to and is light enough to travel with.The speakers are excellent (better than my laptop) though I wish the front facing camera was strongeras this is the camera I use for Skype. I do not use the rear facing camera, so it seems like 8mp is overkill.
asus-transformer|The ASUS transformer if easy to set up and easy to use right out of the box. A very large bright screen and long lasting battery. Truly a pleasure to use and own.
asus-transformer|I can't believe how long the battery lasts and I am on this a lot. Throw it in my purse and take it everywhere. Beautiful images and not a problem since I turned it on. I absolutely love it.
asus-transformer|This one you will use...You will use nothing else... Great Product.I would recommend this to anyone who likes portability....With the keyboard you get up to ten hours on one charge...
asus-transformer|Excellent tablet. is super fast. did not give any error. upgradeable to Ice Cream Sandwich. quadcore processing works great. the resolution of the screen is great. very intuitive. the only thing I see is against that is a bit heavy but I love this tablet rest. 100% recommended
asus-transformer|Good- big screen, camera, easy to use, great build qualityBad- No flash for camera, battery is alright, but as a heavy user only about 5 hours
asus-transformer|Very good tablet...doesn't feel or look cheap despite being plastic...compares well with the prime beating it in instances and glad i got it..
asus-transformer|I really like this tablet; it is solid and works very well. Great battery life too. I didn't get the dock with it and really haven't felt a need for it yet. My only disappointment is that there isn't a version of Adobe Flash player for this OS yet! I hope that will be remedied soon!
asus-transformer|I love this tablet. I don't know why someone would spend $600 - 800 on an apple when this thing is fantastic at $340. But to each his own I guess. The camera is great but no flash. Web speeds are pretty good, the glitches are in the os not the device so as far as that goes it is good. I can stream video, surf effortlessly view and alter Office docs what more could you want? My laptop now stays home never leaving it's spot on the table. The portable computing is completely accomplished with this tablet.
asus-transformer|Blows my first gen iPad out of the water. The Tegra 3 processor is stunning on performance. Just need the dock to complete it
asus-transformer|I purchased it brandnew since the product first available on Amazone 8 months ago, it looks good ( not as good as Ipad) the touch screen sensitive is good and smooth , the quality so far so good... my kids use it to play games and watch youtube videos alot . Ok , i dont have much experient or knowledge with other tablets but base on how my children used it for months , i rate it 4*.
asus-transformer|I give it 5 stars. I love it. Does everything i want it to do. My son loves to play games on it as well
asus-transformer|I love it , easy to use and the touch screen has perfect sensitivity. I've been waiting a while for this and the price dropped enough on black Friday week for me to get it.
asus-transformer|As someone who wants to travel alot, the size and convience that this tablet provides is awesome!. I have been able to take it to Japan and back, the power adapter that came with it was compatible with the Japanese outlets so i didnt have to worry about power conversions. In addition, using one of the apps on it, im able to use it as a translating tool for my Japanese class and individual study books. I did buy the keyboard with it as well, which was very useful as i bought a 2 TB drive to store all my pictures on. I recommend buying one. I havent had any problems with it, except for a slow start up, but that is normal for its stats. After it is powered up, it runs pretty smoothly.-&#62; only 1 thing to note: Adobe Flash is no longer supported for Android 4.X. Consider this when trying to buy this product.This didnt really bother me as i use it mainly for books, games, translation, email, and skype/facebook.
asus-transformer|This is an awesome tablet and it will fulfill my needs! I love everything about it! My son has this same tablet and it enticed me to buy one also !
asus-transformer|ASUS got it right with the TF300T and later. Great functionality, quality -- and at increasingly good prices. There's a ton of fuss about the new HD screens, but my TF300T screen looks great to me. Tablet is also responsive, both apps and network. Only one "would've been nice": gorilla glass. That's just a peace of mind thing, though, plus most tablets -- even most of the new ones -- are not made with gorilla glass.
asus-transformer|This tablet does everything I need it to do and more. I use it for both work and personal use and the battery life is awesome. I'm glad I purchased the tf300 versus the tf100 as the tf300 has much better performance.
asus-transformer|This is a great tablet in this price range. Of course a Samsung or Ipad would be more desirable; but for the price point this is a great tablet. I recommend getting the docking keyboard. It really has extended the battery life and it is nice not to use a virtual keyboard all the time.
asus-transformer|I love the tablet for the simple fact it does everthing, its better than an IPad, unless you just prefer and IPad. I don't like it because I thought I was getting a tablet the size of an IPad but I got one just a lil bigger than my Kindle Fire. The tablet is like a wide screen (10.1) not happy about that so I gave it to my husband as a birthday gift. I HIGHLY recommend it for all the great features it has but be sure you are getting the size tablet that you request. I have never had any problems with my orders from Amazon and I'm sure I will get what I asked for.
asus-transformer|Everything works fine.The only thing missing a simple USB port.You need to use a cumbersome adapter to get USB, or the keyboard docking - both not elegant solutions.
asus-transformer|So far so good. Although my first product delivered to me was D.O.A - ASUS was not helpful, so contacted Amazon and they immediately sent me a label to return product and sent out a new tablet ASAP.. quite happy with amazon's customer service! I like the tablet... works well.. recently bought the USB adaptor. Runs well. I have the i-Blason premium folio carry case/cover with adjustable stand and the rooCase anti-glare screen protector.. both protecting it well. Have dropped it a few times in case.. and the case kept the ASUS from being damaged.. so happy with all purchases!
asus-transformer|We love this tablet! We also loved the price. Since everywhere we went it was at least $100.00 more. So, we got a good deal and it works great!
asus-transformer|Transformer is what I expected. Does all that I require. Unable to compare with similar products as this is my first purchase of such product.
asus-transformer|Very nice tablet at a good price. My wife loves it, says its the best gift she received this Christmas!
asus-transformer|This is an awesome table have had no problems with it, the only downside is finding cases for it most retailers sell only IPAD covers but other then that its great.
asus-transformer|After seaching & reading all of reviews I decided on the TF-300. Fast processor, crisp screen, note taking is awesome.
asus-transformer|Worked as expected. I used it daily for three months and it still looked and worked like brand new when I sold it so I could upgrade to something else. If you are looking for a tablet in this price range you won't go wrong with this one.
asus-transformer|I have always had good luck with Asus Devices, and, while not the latest model, this met my expectations. It was a refurbished unit, But it met my expectations to a T.
asus-transformer|I love it tremendously. It works fast, has good speakers, and the display is very crisp. The touch screen supports handwriting apps okay, but might be better without the screen protector I have on it.
asus-transformer|I held out on buying a tablet till the time I felt that I could get a decent replacement for my laptop and reasonably future proof. I had my eyes set on the tegra 3 core for some time but the initial lot of tegra tablets were too premium.. I bought the tf300 as soon as it got out and haven't regretted it since. Great battery life, a good screen, good performance and a tempting price make this an awesome buy.
asus-transformer|If you have been waiting to buy a Tablet, don't make the mistake of buying an over priced piece of fruit. ASUS makes one of the top selling and top performing Tablets on the market.
asus-transformer|I bought one three months ago and my sister like it. So I bought this second one for her :)Considering the hardware, it has one of the best price within its own kind. However, sometimes it give not you a respond as quickly as you expect, especially when you are web browsing.
asus-transformer|Fabulous tablet, no problems with it so far. I am excited to see everything that can be done with it as I have more time to play!
asus-transformer|I am happy with the product but disappointed by PC Nation. I chose expedited shipping and gave them a call to confirm when I would receive this product. They then told me that they did not in fact have the product in stock - so false advertising. Following that, they shipped the product and it arrived after i had left for my travels although the representative I spoke to had assured me that it would arrive before that date. Now that I am back and opened the package - it is the WRONG COLOR. PCNation cannot be trusted. If you have the option, don't order anything from them. I am keeping the tablet which is the wrong color form the one I ordered because with the hassle and lies I already got from PC Nation, who knows when I'll get the right tablet? Don't trust PC Nation
asus-transformer|About two months ago I purchased this tablet and it's absolutly great, everything goes well. I'm really happy and actually i'm thinking to buy the mobile dock too. We'll see!
asus-transformer|Really researched for tablets and finally decided on the Asus TF300. Extremely happy. Can do anything and everything my wife and I wasn't it to. First experience with android OS, but am a big fan. Cam pre- loaded with Jelly Bean. Would make purchase again. Has good amount of apps. Haven't and likely won't get keyboard dock, but no problems without it.
asus-transformer|MY HUSBAND BOUGHT ME A ANDROID TABLET, WHICH WAS A SMALL ONE. HOWEVER, I RETURNED IT TO PURCHASE THIS BIGGER TABLET. I AM GLAD I DID, AS THIS IS SO HANDY, AND MUCH EASIER TO READ AND SEE THINGS YOUR LOOKING UP. AS YOU AGE, YOUR EYES ARE NOT LIKE THEY USE TO BE, AND THIS LARGER TABLET MAKES THINGS SO MUCH EASIER!!
asus-transformer|Muy rapida, sumado a las ultimas versiones de android disponibles. 100% conforme. Con respecto a la duracion de la bateria tambien cumple con lo que indican sus especificaciones. En resumen buena relacion precio- producto
asus-transformer|Not quite what I expected, thought it would b better than my TF101, however it is just as laggy, and freezes from time to time, will not buy any more Asus devices....
asus-transformer|worked as expected. wish easier to remove unwanted apps. hard to find hdmi cord that fits the device. Very good.
asus-transformer|Its providing you a high quality performance - its fast so i really love how fast i can do the stuff i want.It has also a nice outlook.I'm not really good at writing a review but ye its a good Tablet.
asus-transformer|First tablet i first time use.light and easy carry to anywhere.easy to use.great price+CAN connect to key board dock.just like commond computer.MADE IN TAIWAN....
asus-transformer|Pleasantly suprised of quality. Better and faster than my Toshiba laptop. Absolutlely pleased with this purchase. I also bought the keyboard. I have the option of using as a laptop or tablet. Very comparable to ipad or samsung galaxy tab
asus-transformer|have had it only a couple weeks, but love it so far. great clarity and easy to operate. great tablet
asus-transformer|Works well. Fast. Great purchase for the money. Considered Windows 8 tablet but this was half the price and runs a mature OS (Android).
asus-transformer|I am pleased with the item, it is the second one i have purchased. Always been a Windows user until now. I like the droid\Google platform.
asus-transformer|this product looks rich and is well built. I love the look and feel the texture of the leather is smart. if you need to whip this baby out in a meeting it will do the job of impressing everyone.
asus-transformer|This is a &#34;high performance&#34; table the worked right out of the box. It is the perfect size for the campus student at college and fits well in most back packs. Very fast and connects well to many different networks.
asus-transformer|I recommend this tablet, it runs smooth and there has been a recent update that keeps it running smoother. Its uses are endless, movies, games, school work (get the mobile dock), remote, tablets are just awesome. This ones a good choice!
asus-transformer|I love my tablet, i took it on my vocation to the Bahamas and use it mostly for pictures and my pics came out great, i was also palying bowling, and other games while on the ship. i love my tablet....
asus-transformer|Thorough research picked a winner in this ASUS 32 GB transformer. We added the Mobile Dock for xtra battery life and a real keyboard; and added a 32GB micro SDHC card for plenty of storage.We now hate picking up the laptop because of weight and have quit traveling with it. But it and our desktop are much better for wordprocessing and photo editing. The Transformer's excellent camera did yeoman's duty on our Panama Canal cruise trip and is our default travel device.
asus-transformer|Now that I finaly got most of it figured out as I thought I had messed up somewhere but I didn,t it works perfectly. A problem caused google and yahoo to return to query page after you clicked on a link and read for about 10 seconds time after time. Reset fixed that. There is also no flash to download. I was lucky my family also gave me an ASUS keyboard so I love the extra time I can run. Still learning as I still don't understand how to save to the SD card. Figuring what apps to download is not easy either. Apps don't seem to tell you much of what they can do or can't do. Took the tablet to the car lot to buy a car and pictures you could zoom on helped US pick a car. The stickers can be read easily even when you show the side of the car. Reading ebooks is easy also. Oh and don't forget when you put your wireless password in to connect first time to make the letters capitals. Being an oldster I can't tell you how much you need a better instruction manual though. Asus help a little shy but it is available but you need to know you need help and the problem might not have been caused by your own lack of computer skills. Keyboard sure small but very easy even for my errant hands to use. Now to fugure how to keep ebooks and kindle books on SD cards next project. Like trying to learn to walk all over again. Oh running time very close to ads. To print I just email to myself and use the big desktop to use printer. At this time that is the easyist. I would buy again with no hesitation. Hope this helps you.
asus-transformer|The small size, and the ability get and send not only my emails but text my family and friends. I can easily carry it around with me at the same time surf the web.
asus-transformer|This tablet is just what I was looking for and at a great price. It's fast and came with 32 gig.
asus-transformer|Top Of The Line Android Based Tablet! Great for watching videos or surfing the web anywhere there is a WiFi connection! The GPS Locator works great as well!
asus-transformer|it is great better than i expected i like that i can play the keyboard on it and that i can add more memory.Great product.
asus-transformer|I use it every day since I bought it from Amazone and it's very easy to carry on everywhere. Yes, I recommend it to everyone who should get one of those.
asus-transformer|I have several desktop, laptop and netbook computers but this is my first tablet. My phone is an android so I understood the basics of how to operate. I like the size and use it instead of my laptop. It's not perfect but I would recommend to a friend. Thanks to my sister Lu for the gift certificate to Amazon that helped made this purchase possible!
asus-transformer|Great price for on the go use. I saw this tablet at Best Buy for $10 less but it only had 16GB, this has 2x as much memory. What a great deal!!
asus-transformer|I use the tablet all the time and it performs well. I really like the graphics and performance. I love it. Its April 2013 and I'm still using my tablet on almost a daily basis. I have not had any hardware problems at all.
asus-transformer|This device really lives us to its name. It really transforms especially when you plug it into the keyboard duct. LOVE IT
asus-transformer|does everything and more than it promised. the price is fabulous for this tablet, too. i am a homeschool mom who enjoys techie tools that enhance my life. this transformer definitely does that!
asus-transformer|What's not to love!?Excellent performance & specs, great price.Upgraded to Android Jelly Bean 4.1Compares favorably with other similar tablets.Recommended.
asus-transformer|Best tablet on the market. More freedom per the micro sd memeory slot. Great processor and great features. Reccomended for serious tablet buyers. Shoot the apples
asus-transformer|I have bought 4 of these online and this is by far the best packaged and brightest screen I have recieved.
asus-transformer|This tablet wont accept or download flashIt often wont refresh programs and locks up and needs to be restarted.After a month the firmware still won't download
asus-transformer|this is such a awesome tabet. i bought a galaxy tab 2 and didn't like it at all and sold it and bought this one.
asus-transformer|I was amazed at how well this tablet worked when I first received it. It is fast, the picture quality is great and the battery keeps a charge quite well. It also recharges quickly.
asus-transformer|great product, an android based tablet that works as well as the iPad.....the tablet is very well made, great for web surfing, checking emails and games
asus-transformer|Its a great tablet, i am very pleased. it works fast and has great apps. I highly recommned it if you dont want to get the newst since its much chepper than the 700 and gives great perfomance
asus-transformer|I'm just sorry that the Asus tablet is not able to download the Optimum widget to access the tv. I contacted them and maybe one day soon they'll do one.The tablet is very fast but appears to have a glitch in that it reboots for no reason occasionally. I'm saving up for the keyboard and case now, unless someone can tell me that any full size blue tooth keyboard will work with it.
asus-transformer|Very satisfied. The one I bought was a gift so I am thinking maybe getting one for me. Definally from this buyer. Thanks!!!!
asus-transformer|Clean, fast performer. Battery life is lacking. I have not used the keyboard accessory. Display is clean as well. I wouldrecommend this product.
asus-transformer|I Buy ASUS TF300 in nov/2012, it is very good product... almost, I got a problem: When I video recording, it is recording the video with a whistle sound included... I was trying in several environments to discard any sound source, but always it recorded the sound with the whistle. I discovered it problem disappeared when I video recorded while I was charging the tablet.
asus-transformer|I like the product but the recharging time is very long and the sync cable that it was sent with only works every now and then. So i had to buy another cable.
asus-transformer|NICE TABLET, vERY NICE, FITS WELL, COLOR MATCH, WORKS FAST, NICE TABLET, vERY NICE, FITS WELL, COLOR MATCH, WORKS FAST
asus-transformer|I could'nt afford an I pad, so went looking for a comparable alternate. I spent many months looking and researching and came across this one. I wanted the red one, but it was quite a bit more, so I went with blue. Then I put it in a red case and you can't even tell that it's blue!Anyway, this little bugger is fabulous. I have had it for about 2 months and just love it! I did have 1 issue when it wouldn't turn on one day, but the guys at tech support fixed me right up! They are personable and understandable.It's been perfect since. The reason I chose this one was because of the quad core and the storage. I don't do alot of &#34;app&#34; downloads, but when I do, I want enough space to hold it. I figured that if I'm going to keep this thing for a long time, I getter get a lot of space. So I did. I also wanted fast. It's been pretty fast, but I think I still go faster than it does. It also depends on the site I'm on. If it is a fast site, I have no problems. If it's a slower site, I will get an error message saying that the browser is having an issue. It's not the machine, it's that the browser wants to go faster than the site will accompdate. I know this only because the same sites give me issues on the desktop machine.I did notice that there seems to be a challenge with Chrome. That was one of the first things I installed and it doesn't seeem to want to play nice with the pre-installed browser. I installed firefox as an alternate browser and it works fine. (Uninstalled Chrome very quickly)I have chatted with my sister in Europe several times via skype and it works great. Skpe itself has issues, but the machine was perfect. Love the portabliltiy. I actually spent New Years with her from my own home! It was still daylight here, but for her it was the new year. That was fun.I do suggest that you get a screen saver only because I'm anal about protecting my new toy. I have a case and a screen saver, you don't touch the actual machine except for the start button! :-)All in all, I love this little thing. As far as I can tell, it doesn the same stuff that the I pad does and costs about 1/2 the price. Hightly recommend!
asus-transformer|Forget apple, bananas and oranges. This baby beats them to ground. Superb display, no crashes at all, no errors, camera and video results are so sharp, that you will be stunned, sound is amazing and so are the graphics. I am in love with this tablet. Battery is so stubborn and it doesn't die with 8 hours of aggressive use. Lightweight and SOLID built. This pad is a top quality pad, and 1/3rd of the price of premium tablet. Buying another one for my mom
asus-transformer|Gave this to her for her big christmas gift. She is always on it with games or internet. I am a tablet widower!
asus-transformer|I love my tablet, once I got one that worked. The first one delivered didn't work right but the company sent me a new one and I am really enjoying it.
asus-transformer|Very cool tablet. I just wish the speakers were louder and that the tablet wasn't completely dependent on wifi. Very good quality pictures. Lots of memory and memory card slot.
asus-transformer|This tablet is good cost-benefit option. The battery lasts for a long time. Writing is easy, including the correcting mid-sentence words. The camera take good quality pictures and includes nice features.The only two issues I have with it is not being able to use it with my Logitech H800 wireless headphones, and being unable to use flash features in any website.
asus-transformer|My overall opinion of the tablet is that its great, and absolutely worth the price. I'd recommend it to anyone looking into getting a tablet. I wanted a tablet to be a middle ground between my desktop and my Android--portable, but with a large enough screen, and enough processing power, that I can use it like a mobile computer. I use it for reading books, browsing the internet, Skyping, playing games, and when I worked as a private tutor, I used it as a teaching aid. I've had it for about 8 months and loved it the whole time. That said, while it hasn't had any real problems, there are definitely some little things that I would change.Appearance:- It's a good looking tablet. I love the blue, I love that it's textured, and I love the glossy screen. The edges are large enough to hold it comfortably without accidentally touching the screen. The display itself is beautiful as well--bright colors and clean edges. I watch videos on it all the time, mostly from YouTube and Netflix, and they always look great.Operation:- Mostly very smooth operation. I have no problem with starting programs, connecting to a wifi network, streaming video, playing music, etc. Occasionally, it will lag if I've been playing a game for a while, but only within the game itself; other programs are not affected. Using a task killer solves this most of the time, though a couple times a restart was required.- The browser is definitely the worst part, but I don't like the default Android browser on my phone either, so this is not a tablet-specific problem. I solved it by installing Chrome, which doesn't close without warning, or constantly bring up messages that the browser is not responding, or make scrolling jumpy. If you're having these problems, switch browsers.Sound:- The sound quality is decent. It has one speaker, and that speaker is good, but it's still only one speaker. Don't get me wrong, I have no complaints about this. It's pretty much on-par for a portable device of this sort, and much better than the speaker on my phone, so I'm satisfied.- The location of the speaker is slightly awkward. It's on the back right-hand side, exactly where I want to put my hand when I'm holding it. None of this is a real problem, though, because I've found that I can still hold it in the same place if I cup my hand around the speaker (which also, incidentally, makes the sound richer/louder/better in general).Keyboard:- The pop-up keyboard on the touchscreen is kind of a hassle. Part of the issue is the size. When the tablet is in landscape, the keyboard is pretty large, but still cramped. It's too big for me to hold it in both hands and type with my thumbs, but it's smaller than a netbook keyboard, so typing with both hands like it's a regular keyboard can be tricky as well. Typing is a lot easier when it's in portrait.- Its version of the Swype system also is pretty buggy. Word recognition isn't great, and it's auto-spacing feature needs work.- However, one of the fantastic things about this product is that it can plug in to a physical keyboard and be used like a touchscreen netbook. I attach the keyboard if I have a lot of typing to do, and detach it to play games or read e-books. I definitely recommend getting the keyboard, but its still a great tablet without it. I only got my keyboard a few days ago, so I've been using it most of the time without it, and still really enjoyed the product. The keyboard just adds some extra functions.Charger:- I'm not sure if I just got a bad wall adapter, or if they're all like this, but mine falls out of the wall with just a light bump. It sort of &#34;hangs&#34; loosely out of the socket, so it doesn't always maintain contact while charging. I've noticed that, if I'm using it while it's charging, the battery logo (the one that shows up in the middle of the screen when the tablet is first plugged in) will show up every 10-15 minutes. The cable itself is perfectly fine, so I just started using a different wall adapter.In summary: despite a couple small issues, I highly recommend this tablet. If I could go back and select a tablet again, I would stick with this one.
asus-transformer|This tablet is amazing. Its extremely fast and ice cream sandwich runs without a hitch. Asus did a fantastic job with the hardware and software and the result is a tablet that rivals the iPad. I have had no problems whatsoever and I definitely recommend this to anybody looking for a great tablet for a great price.
asus-transformer|Tablet worked well until I tried to charge it after its first battery drain the first day of use. It would charge then stop charging in a contual cycle. I learned that the charger can be defective via forums. I tried some temp fixes to try and get it charged again. Put the charger in the freezer to reset the thermal breaker--yes it worked, so far..... Currently it is charging. ASUS needs to fix the charger isssue! Another charger is $30--will I have the same problen with that one?
asus-transformer|Besides its price, I opted for the Transformer TF300 over the Transformer Prime because its plastic construction wasn't as flimsy as I'd been led to believe, and the plastic build also ensured I'd have better wi-fi reception and avoid the issues with GPS and signal strength that the Prime suffered from. With the exception of the Prime's aluminum body, longer-lasting battery, camera flash, and moderately brighter screen, the TF300 is practically identical while costing significantly less.The TF300 has the same Tegra 3 quad-core processor as the Prime, and it shows; it's fast, powerful, and fluid. It has surprisingly loud audio, but it lacks stereo output (either because there's just one speaker, or, if there are two speakers, they're too close together). Still, it's far louder than even my laptop. When my screen is black, I notice some light bleed in a few of the corners, but it's nothing major and becomes unnoticeable when the screen is displaying colors other than black. That being said, the Pad's screen is a bit underwhelming. I wouldn't say it's terrible, but the screen on my Galaxy S2 blows this thing out of the water. The Pad's colors aren't as vibrant and text/images aren't nearly as sharp. It took me a while to adjust to the lower resolution and more subdued colors. If you don't already have a mobile device with amazingly high resolution and vivid colors, then you probably won't have any problems with the Pad's screen at all. The native browser is unforgivably slow and buggy at times; hopefully, they rectify this in a future update.As for the battery, I'm impressed. I'm not a heavy user (I mainly use my tablet to play word games and do light web browsing and reading), so I find that I rarely have to charge my TF300, perhaps once every other day. Apps that are optimized for tablets really shine on this device thanks to ICS and the quad-core processor. With the exception of the browsers, I've never had problems with any of the apps that were actually optimized or specifically designed for tablets. I love the keyboard dock. It is, of course, significantly smaller than a regular desktop or laptop keyboard, but if you're at all comfortable with typing on netbooks then you shouldn't have any problems using the keyboard dock. I have fairly large hands for a man, but I still find the keyboard dock adequate, just make sure you turn off the hyper-sensitive track pad while you're typing. Oh, and the keyboard charges the Pad when you dock it, provided the keyboard dock has an adequate charge.The keyboard dock leads me to my biggest and final gripe with the TF300: it doesn't come with productivity software. This should have been a no-brainer, especially when one considers that Asus made such a functional keyboard dock in the first place. Yes, you can use Google Docs (now merged into Google Drive, if you weren't yet aware), but that presents you with Google Docs' main shortcoming: you need to be connected to the internet in order to use it. If I could open, edit, save, and create word documents without having to be connected to the internet I'd probably get rid of my laptop, or at least relegate it to the same dust-gathering status of my netbook.So, that was my rather long review of the Asus Transformer Pad TF300. I'm truly pleased with it, despite some shortcomings. I'd definitely recommend it to anyone in the market for an Android tablet. If you've always wanted the Asus Transformer Prime but were put off by its sticker price and/or GPS/wireless issues, then this is absolutely the tablet for you.UPDATE-6/17/2012It was brought to my attention that the included software, Polaris Office, is a productivity suite. I opened it up briefly when I first received my tablet and assumed it was nothing more than a file manager, but you can, in fact, create word documents and such with it.UPDATE-6/18/2012After doing some research for a problem I was having with Polaris Office (it would open my Word documents but it wouldn't let me edit them) I found out that there is a major bug with this software that causes random, irreparable corruption of files. Users have reported losing homework, papers, and lab reports.
asus-transformer|It was perfect, until several hours of use.When I turned the device on I noticed a bright spot on the bottom of the screen but I can live with it. The tablet feels good itself. however I started experiencing some screen flickering, the task bar jumps up and down, on the left side of the screen. It disappeared after some time without using it. I'm really hoping its a software issue, if not I'm returning it. But its really good for the price!
asus-transformer|What a wonderful Mother's Day gift! I love it. Nicely compares to iPad 2 but with flash available so I can see things on the PBS site (a big deal for me). I already had an iPod touch and an Android (Samsung) phone. Unlike my Samsung phone, I had no problems setting up a VPN to connect to my corporate network and there were several RDP clients available to connect to my servers. The dock is wonderful--gives me much more screen space for those server connections when I need it. Of course, without the dock is nice, too--just not for doing server work.I have no issues with wifi connections or the GPS. I like the c:geo program for geocaching (I use it on my phone). The 10 inch screen makes geocacher nicer in some respects (although harder to hide from muggles). It's about as easy to see as my phone--I think the 201 would have been easier but it was dinged for both wifi connectivity and GPS. And my husband's iPad 2 doesn't do as well picking up GPS signals (and I don't find it as easy to see in bright sunlight but he thinks it's more of a toss up--I think it may have to do with glasses and tints).
asus-transformer|As a newbie to the tablet market, I originally was quite enamored with it. Since then, I've grown weary of the tablet's flaws. I am a casual user and use my TF300t to play games, surf the web, read eBooks, organise my life, and listen to music.Pros:1. The flexibility of converting a tablet into a net book using the optional dock. (My primary reason for choosing this brand over any other.)2. The screen resolution is very crisp indoors. Don't bother using this in sunlight.3. The WiFi is very strong and fast but like other reviewers, I get the "wait" or " disconnect" message regularly.4. Very good battery life; especially using the dock.5. The price is very competitive for what this tablet offers.6. Very good camera.Cons:1. The responsiveness of the touch screen is not consistent. Because the screen is either too sensitive or not sensitive enough, playing games or typing very frustrating at times.Overall, I am having fun with my tablet. So far, I am not seeing any defects in the h/w or s/w as described in other reviews.
asus-transformer|I'm quite amazed with this product, indeed a great product for the price. The blue color is a really nice dark blue, you won't be disappointed, many features and very good speed.
asus-transformer|I bought this tablet about a week after it came out. Although I was initially wary as Asus sometimes is known to delay and have problems in its first launch, I took the chance. The tablet arrived on time and with no issues. I have had the tablet for about two weeks know and am still learning about all the cool ics features but in all I think that this is an excellent tablet for its price range, and in my opinion the best most affordable android tablet out there right now. I do no have the dock.Pros:Appearance:The tablet looks and feels solid, the back is plastic but its both durable and refined. The spun look feels good and grips well. Also, the edges are easy to hold onto and feel comfortable. It may be thinker than the prime but the tablet is damn thin and certainly doesn't feel bulky at all. It's as heavy as it looks which allows to be easily carried by two hands but I wouldn't hold it with one for an extended period of time.The screen is very prone to fingerprints but also feels really smooth and cool. I put a skinomi clear screen protector and that helps. It's also really responsive.Hardware: With the Tegra 3 this baby is a beast, it delivers high quality graphics and can run a ton of apps at the same time without any lag. The 1280 by 800 screen looks pretty great and is better than most laptops. It may not look as great as the Ipad 3 but it is great for it's price point. Some games like Shadowgun thd and Galaxy on Fire 2 look amazing. Also the cameras are quite formidable, the 8mp on the back takes detailed, natural pictures but works best outside and the front facing is fine for video chatting.The speakers sound really good, nice and loud for such a small device. Mic works fine as well. Wifi and GPS have no problems and are very quick.Software: Now this is my first Android device and up til now I've only had my windows 7 laptop and my ipod touch. Google's Ice Cream Sandwich is pretty great but still has some flaws and glitches. I find the multitaksing way better than in ios and same with task management. I find myself using both the stock browser and chrome beta with some issues on both of them. With flash I love that I can surf the web in its true form and I like being able to automatically set to desktop sites always. Google Play store is certainly a work in progress but it has a good number of apps and is looking nicely. The tablet also comes with some preloaded apps like Polaris Office which I really like and gmail which is better than the stock email in my opinion. While I've had a few crashing apps that's mostly due to me rooting the device and whatnot. Anyways the interface and custom widgets really make it look cooler than iOS but the play store and ease of setting up apps isn't as great.Battery life: It's really great and I find that even doing stuff like watching films or downloading files doesn't take a huge toll on the battery.Storage: The 32 gb SSD is fast and works great, expandable memory up to 32 gigs is also awesome.Cons:If you hold the tablet for a long time it can feel warm around your grip. Also as I've mentioned the screen smudges pretty easily.The stock keyboard kinda sucks, luckily you can change it which I would highly recommend. I got the thumb keyboard which I find easier to type on though there is occasionally some lag.There simply aren't as many apps. While some apps you really won't need since using flash you can access the website version, There are some apps I was looking for but just couldn't find yet for tablets.Also, many apps are there but not great because they're made for android phones.Furthermore, the screen is lacking that super IPS+ that the prime has and while it is great for indoor lighting, outside the T300 is found wanting.Conclusion: For it's cheap $379 price, this tablet can't be beat. I highly recommend it, issues and all.UPDATE 5/25Okay so I've got to know the tablet more, I still stand behind everything I said about the tablet but I do have more opinions about ICS. I like it but I've noticed some issues, browser freezes kind of a lot but then continues. Also the launcher (main screen) has crashed on me like 3 times and makes me have to reboot the device to fix it. I've gotten 2 firmware updates so far one for the camera and one that gave me the face unlock. So Asus is on top of updates which I think is pretty important. In short, I like ICS because it allows me to do a lot more than iOS however it's not as stable (yet at least).
asus-transformer|I have had computers for a very long time (Apple II) and change them out periodically. I also have a Kindle Fire, my wife has an iPad3 and I just bought this ASUS Android. I find nothing wrong with this ASUS tab or the other two as well. There is a lot of commonality between all three so I suggest that you look at the differentiators and the cost to make your decision. I like my Fire for size & weight; the ASUS for price point on a good 10" tab that is light weight. The iPad for all that is good/bad about Apple plus screen and solid construction but very heavy.
asus-transformer|I have this tablet for 8 months.I am very happy with that.No problems.Wi fi strong,better than all my friends with Ipad and samsung,I travel a lot and sometimes I need to conect to not very good wi fi conection with poor signal.No problems with assus and people arrond me with Ipad and Samsung,they have no conection.Tablet is fast,I use also a dock and I can conect my 1,5TB extenral hard drive to play music,movies etc.Samsung maybe is having a brighter screen and is making a difference when you are outside in the sun,Ipad no coment.I will mever buy something from apple to pay for every aplication that I need or for all adaptors to have conection with devices.All adaptors from I pad are very expensive also.Android is much better.Conlusion,very good deal,no complains.
asus-transformer|I bought this because it had a higher pixel camera than the competation. I have not really used the camera that much yet. However we are going on a cruise over Christmas and I feel it will serve me just fine. I have not used other tables but I feel the response time is a little bit lagging. But I'm gitting used to it.
asus-transformer|This is a marvelous tablet and has performed very well. However, you would think that Asus would include all required software or at least have it available at the Play Store. Not so with the Adobe Flash Player which is required by web browsers for displaying animated objects on the pages.For good reason.... Adobe has stopped supporting the Flash Player for Android. However, there is a way to get the Flash Player for your device (hopefully). Follow the steps below:1. Download the User Manual for your device from the Asus website.2. Search the manual for "flash". You should be able to find the Flash Player version required by your device. Write it down.3. Using your tablet's browser, go to the the adobe.com website. In the search box at the top of the page, search for "archived flash player".4. Locate the article entitled "Archived Flash Player versions", select it. Scroll down the page to the Android section and try to locate the Player version you wrote down earlier. Find it?...good, download and install. If not, download what you think is best.Good luck.
asus-transformer|Love it!!! I has done everything that I have asked it to do with no problems. I would recomend it to anyone!
asus-transformer|DOES THE JOB AND THEN SOME. THE MEMORY IS GREAT AND THE GRAPHICS ARE AWESOME. PLAYS MOVIES ON THE PLANE RIDES. CHECKS ALL MY IMPORTANT UPDATES FOR ME. I CANT IMAGINE HOW I EVER TRAVELED WITHOUT IT!
asus-transformer|I like the fact that I can enlarge the print to make it easier to read. Probably should have waited for the Christmas sales.
asus-transformer|Very happy with the tablet that I just got. It looks really nice and I enjoy playing with it. The dock makes it a little heavy though but the tablet itself is great. I use it for school mostly. Not so much for games or anything else, but yeah, if that's what you're looking for - go for it!
asus-transformer|Okay so i never write reviews but this piece of heaven is amazing. So right out the box you want be able to use for about 30 minutes because of an uupdate and upgrade to 4.1 JB. So first thing i did was got adobe back,(youutbe some great tutorials) its a little slow to start but once it gets going im trying to catch my breathe its so fast.Im a real guy so i want real spec not computerize specs so i put this badt boy to the test. Feel is awesome. Even the plastic back. Look is amazing its look like a netbook its a huge screen. Im loving it. But i have sweaty hands so i leavefog marks on the back and lots of fingerprint on the screen. Recommend screen protector but not an anti glare but an anti finger smugg.Android, im a little new been an apple man since grade school with the color backs. I had android before with a htc hero love customization but hated everything else lag,load, and ec. Typing on the on screen key board is pretty hard. Im using it now. So if any misspelled or grammar issue is because im not deleteing. I wantyou to get the true look. But im having troublw with my cursor jumping every where. Have to push on the screen kinda hard to get letters to registar and the space bar im punching the screen. Web surfin awesome fast i use stock browser i love dont need that other stuff. I really impress with andriod i feel so free from apple no more jailbreaking ;). Joke. Apple may be more easy but android is more user friendly. Hope you like. Write me for any more question. Last note only bad thing so far. I mentioned early but On Screen Keyboard and Typing SUCKS it horrhorrible.*Update*I JUST wanted to let everyone know how it is going. I'm in love. Lol. Seriously i sleep with this thing. But i encountered some of the problem I have read in other reviews. I almost sent it back but thanks to some research i found a solution. First dont care what you say the stock browser sucks. It is so laggy and slow. My grandma is on a walker imagine her walking ten yards on a football field. Take a long time right that's how long it takes for the stock browser to load a page. Painful i know. Explore a little bit i had huge success with chrome speed but no flash can be loaded. And dolphin was swimming like a dolphin it is fast and i can adjust my flash so i can use it when i need to. I dont recommend root if you just want watch movie and get free apps use 4share or blackmart( i dont support) most people dont understand root. Its not like jailbreaking which is necessary on apple. if you want fast go performance mode its all the fast you need you dont need 1.6 you dont have the screen that need that much power. But you paid do what you need want. I found that the tablet runs better on normal mode when you doing basic browsing. Still haven got the dock but when i do i will make a full review on youtube so be looking out and not one of those boring ones with the mono tone guys or the guys with the funny accent. No offense.but ask question and thank you for looking at my review rate if help if not send a question. And ill help i have great followers on this review site so im sure they will help also. Thank you for reading hope it helps you make your chose on tablet this Christmas. Oh one more thing. Must have a screen protector its a must. No if and or buts. Trust if you dont your screen will look like a kid coloring. Terrible. Lol.
asus-transformer|Dont know how I lived without it. Super fast and easy to use. I use it for work and play.
asus-transformer|I have used this since May, there are couple of minor issues like lagging and stopping.But I am fully satisfied and happy with various applicability unlike Apple.I rooted this with JB to delete bloatwares when I changed font with font changer this was bricked sometimesbut recovery is not a issue for me.
asus-transformer|Hey! This is REALLY the best Android tablet a have purchases so far, thanks to ASUS. I'm now looking forward to the Asus Infinity. Great Support on updates, no issues so far. Everything works as expected and is really fast. =)Thanks to Amazon Prime I got it in just 3 days.
asus-transformer|Great Interaction. Fast. Easy to setup. I can't say enough about this tablet, I made the right choice in using this tablet for my business.
asus-transformer|Love this tablet! I've had it for a few months, and use it daily without a single problem yet. With the keyboard dock, it converts to a laptop. I carefully evaluated all tablets on the market and decided on this one. At the time of purchase, my decision came down to this and the Infinity, but this was about $200 cheaper with the tablet and keyboard dock for each. No regrets whatsoever, I would buy this again if making the same purchase today.
asus-transformer|This tablet is very good for anyone who is in an office or a student.I was debating between this and a samsug galaxy 10.1 but this one just felt more comfortable in the hands and it was a lot smoother with apps and web browsing and also it is more future proof with taegra and the dual core processor. I use a logitech bluetooth keyboard with this tha i got here on amazon for only 44 bucks and it is perfect, just like a netbook, its super mobile much easier to carry around unlike my laptop which i 15.6 inches and weighs a ton. I have an iphone and was debating to get an ipad and sure the ipad is much smoother than android, but for what i need my tablet to do it just lacks the customization and apps. For a phone i like ios for a tablet i love android. So if anyone needs a tablet for word documents powerpoints excel, and watching some videos and movies, i would highly reccomend this tablet!EDIT 12-1-12So after a few more weeks with this tablet I found that it was way too glitchy. The time would freeze, the wifi would drop, the bluetooth would also drop, and it would freeze up at times. I loved it until it started to act up and I wasn't about to let it go to waste so I had to return it before my 30 days were up. It is a glitchy tablet and just was unreliable and I did not want to wait for it to completely die on me. Instead I bought a 3rd generation ipad refurbished for CHEAPER than this tablet and am awaiting its arrival. I know from experience apple products are much more stable than android, and for my line of work I need stability, not a guessing game. If this tablet was not so glitchy, supported flash (4.1 does not) and had better customer support, it would have been a sure winner.
asus-transformer|This tablet is amazing! It does everything we hoped it would do. It is very fast and has a lot of storage. Still learning about it everyday but it is very easy to use and kid friendly. I will probably buy a second one for myself since my wife loves this one so much.
asus-transformer|Can't think of anything I don't like about this tablet. Adding the keyboard makes it just like a netbook. Does everything I have asked it to do so far. Love the long battery life and all of the apps from Android. The extra sdhc card slots are awesome giving me so much more storage than on the iPad. Also, nice not to have to use iTunes to load and unload music, etc. What a pain that is. Just copy my files right onto the external card and its good to go. Keep up the great work Asus!
asus-transformer|Having used this tablet for about 3 weeks, I'm still amazed. It was easy to set up and connected to my WI-Fi seemlessly. It is fast connecting to web sites and the screen quality is very good. I did find the plastic case to be a little slick, so I bought a leather case and the problem is resolved. So far I have not had ANY problems with this tablet that other users have had. Hope this continues. I think buying this tablet was money well spent. I would certainly recommend it to family and friends.UPDATE: 11/1/2012. Tablet is still performing perfectly. Screen is still intact, down loads are flawless and the wireless speed is excellent. I have not had one bit of trouble from this great tablet. I highly recommend the Asus FT300T over the other higher priced and better known tablets.
asus-transformer|I love this tablet. Not one negative feature about it! If you are thinking about getting one. DO IT! :)
asus-transformer|Knowing,going into the world of tablets having no USB ports,disc drive,or any of the acc. that a desk top or a laptop would come stock with. This sleek,very user friendly tablet is not just in my opinion but my whole family as well,the best $349.00 bux for an electronical component that has come into my home, straight to my lap & hands in the past 2yrs... Again I highly recommend the ASUS or anything by ASUS over any other products out on the market to this day!! ASUS really has gone over the top over everyone else.. Keep it up & I'll buy just about anything from ASUS & you should too!!
asus-transformer|I played with this for a few days for a few hours and here's what I observed:- The docking keyboard is very necessary! The tablet itself doesn't have a USB port. That is the #1 feature I like over the iPad.- I'm not sure if there is a way to put iTunes on the tablet (I've read it won't work), but if you have a iPod/iTouch, you can't access it the same way as on a Windows system. Or at least I dont know how to. I know there is an app to sync the playlist but is there anything for accessing the photos stored on the iTouch?- Polaris Office is ok but of course doesn't have that much features. FOr instance, I tried accessing a Excel file that is password-protected and it couldn't read or open it.- When I connected my external hard drive, I couldn't figure out how to scroll to the files below other than using the down arrow.- Sometimes when using the browser, it did its own thing. Weird- When the tablet is docked to the keyboard, it's a tad bit weird that the speaker is on the right side. But the sound quality is good though.- I love that's its very lightweight and portable even with the keyboard attached.- The display is very nice in my opinion (I've used a iPad before but I don't know how it performs to this tablet).- The touchscreen and keyboard is very responsive.So I've only used it for internet browsing, youtube, polaris, and accessing files from an external device. I was considering purchasing one to replace my previous laptop but for some of the issues above, I will not.
asus-transformer|This thing is very nice. Its fast, its light and thin. Battery life is not quite as good as the specs say it is, but then again i do a lot of gaming on it.
asus-transformer|This is the best tablet i have seen, very impressive graphics. Battery is good, touch is very sensitive. Must recommended product.
asus-transformer|At less than $400 and 32kb I can do everyting I want on this tablet. The only drawback is that some apps are not android compatable like Fidelity Investments. However, I feel this tablet meets my needs. Clear
asus-transformer|For far the best tablet I ever try.I recommended it 100%.Also I recommended to buy the dock too becasuse it extends the battery life and it is very useful for writing documents
asus-transformer|This is a good tablet for the price I paid for it. The size is perfect and it is easy to use and fast. The apps loads fast. The only thing that I was disappointed about was the inability to stream videos except youtube. The camera takes clear pictures and you are able to play video games that has lots of speed and motion. Overall, I love this product.
asus-transformer|This tablet was a gift for my son. I liked.Pros:1) The Price is good.2) 4 cores. Is fast.3)APPs android excelent.Full aplications4)The display is very good.5)The connection wifi is fast.6)The multilenguaje.Cons1) Signal the wifi is short.2)The not incluided APP: Antivirus and parental control.I recomended this tablet.
asus-transformer|I took quite a bit of time deciding which tablet to purchase. I am SO glad I decided on the Asus TF300T. Super responsive, great picture,netflix plays beautifully. Although the tabletvshipped with ICS, as soon as I powered it up Jellybean was ready to be installed. Please be aware that you WILL NOT be able to take this right out of the box and turn it on, even plugged in. It took about an hour before mine had enough juice to turn on. With that being said, after the initial charge it only takes about 2 hours to charge from about 15%. I would definitely recommend this to others and will be recommending it to my friends.
asus-transformer|Very happy with the tablet. My son uses it for highschool. Has a lot of great features. Is thin and lightweight.
asus-transformer|This tablet is really want I was looking for. Something that I can use for leisure but then I can use it for school note taking or paper writing as well with the keyboard. I love the android slide touch keyboard that comes with it. It makes writing with the tablet so much easier. My biggest complaint is this, that occasionally the device freezes and restarts even if you aren't running a bunch of crap in the background. This especially seems true when I use Skype. And also the internet will not convert for some reason and I have to restart it for it to connect. Just stuff like that gets pretty annoying pretty fast. The app store for Apple is way better. But it serves it's purpose and usually runs well. The video is fantastic as well as the response time of the touch screen.
asus-transformer|Does everything I want. It is just as good as the ipad 3 and this thing is way cheaper. The only draw back is that it does not haveas many apps as the ipad3.
asus-transformer|After reading a lot of reviews and considering several options of various sizes and prices, went with the ASUS. The machine is for my 15 year old as her school now requires her to have a machine that can access the Internet and be used for e-books. The plan was to buy her a good tablet that could last for her 3 years in HS. Bought the tablet in August. It is a nice looking machine and I thought the screen resolution was very good. My daughter has enjoyed it very much. Unfortunately, about a month after we purchased the machine, my daughter brought it home from school and tried to power it up. The machine would not power up. It worked that day in school and she's not aware of anything that could have happened to the machine between leaving school and coming home that night to power it up. There does not appear to be any physical damage to the machine.So, at this point, I've put in a request to ASUS warranty repair. I am waiting for them to reply with a warranty repair number (RFA, I think they call it) and an address to whether we can send the machine to be examined. I'll let you know what happens.
asus-transformer|Got Jelly Bean on the second day the device received. That was cool. But the tablet doesn't have a working device driver. The ASUS Pad PC Suite v1.0.41 that's downloaded from Asus support site doesn't pair the tf300t with the PC. The Asus unlock util for tf300t will only unlock the Icecream Sandwich. The Asus technical supports were not helpful at all. But if Asus will fix the issues I may give it 5 stars.Update: the driver issue has been fixed. I am now able to install my app into this device. As I currently have no need to unlock the boot loader, I'll give this Jelly Bean 10+" device 5 stars. I also found it one of the best Android tablets available.
asus-transformer|This is a great tablet for surfing the web and using email online. it is very fast with a quad core Tegra processor and Andriod ICS operating sysem. The touch screen is fantastic and has great color and resolution. The run time is very good when using lower back lighting settings and at full bright it still runs for 5+ hours before needing to charge. The additional dock keyboard adds another 4+ hours run time and a built in USB port. I am very satisified and would recommend this tablet to anyone.
asus-transformer|When I purchased this tablet it was about $375 on Amazon. At that price for a quad core tablet and 32Gb of space I don't think there is really any competition in the space.Pros: Well supported by Asus (software is already on Jelly Bean 4.1), Asus' bundled software isn't total crap, Fast!, Great IPS screen, viewing angles etc. Lots of space and expandable. HDMI out, smooth clean design, optional keyboard is a real differentiator.Cons: Short charging cable, proprietary cable, where it is mounted is understandable for the dock but annoying because it makes it hard to use with a case and charge it and use in general while charging it. Speakers could face forward and would be much much better.Conclusion: I love it so far. It does everything I want it to and for the price the only real competition is it's brother the Nexus 7. But in a 10 inch tablet I am really happy with it. Still android doesn't have the app ecosystem that the iPad does, but for more space, HDMI out, expandable storage, keyboard option etc. it fits my lifestyle much better and the price is incredible especially if you can find it for $375. Asus between the Nexus 7, Transformer Pad, Transformer Prime, and Transformer Pad infinity seem to really be know what they are doing differentiating their products from other tablets and hitting all the price points providing exceptional value at all of them. Really great, and probably the only competitive android tablets out there (with the iPad or any tablet for that matter)
asus-transformer|This tablet is amazing for the money. It does just about anything you can come up with. Plenty of space with room for more, 10 inch screen, HDMI, jelly bean system and more. You can get an optional battery/keyboard for but not worth extra 128 bucks in my opinion, if i wanted a keyboard i would bought a laptop.
asus-transformer|I was recommended this as a direct replacement for my original transformer. This one is faster, more powerful, and has twice the storage capabilities as the original TF101 all at the same price. Even though it appears they refined some aspects of the device ( better, louder speakers, clearer sound, button placement and layout, and more storage), they have skimped on the screen slightly. I say this because the screen is not Gorilla glass like the original, the Prime, or the new Infinity, which the user risks the screen cracking with the dock installed. Why did i buy it knowing this ??? Because i use the screen and don't intend on buying the dock so this problem is irrelevant to me. If you plan to use the keyboard dock, spend a little more and get the infinity.
asus-transformer|I Love everything about it. I have had it for a couple of months now and I have not had any issues with it. OS just upgraded to 4.1.1 and I love the new features. The camera's are great quality. I now control everything in my house on it including computers and electronics in the Den and seucrity camera system. If anyone needs help with it please let me know @ jevans12312@gmail.com
asus-transformer|Absolutely no problems. Great tablte. Use it all the time and love it. Downloads quick and streams with my 20 Mbps speed with few if any buffering.
asus-transformer|Hello everyone! I Want to say a couple of words about this great device. It's realy amazing! Its performance strikes! Functionality along with Micro HDMI Cable and ASUS USB Kit grows larger!! Connect game controller, keybord, any memory sticks, everything you want. Play 3D games and watch movies on your LED TV!! Good price, very good performance, the best functionality!! Highly reccomended!
asus-transformer|This is my first tablet that I have owned. I did a lot of research on various sites, including Amazon. I originally was going to purchase the Transformer Prime, but started to see reviews that the GPS and the WIFI didn't work as well as the TF300. This issue is caused by the metal case. So, I decided on the Asus Transformer TF300. I am glad I did. It has worked flawlessly. It is fast and the OS is easy to use. Not buying the prime saved me some money, too. So, I was able to buy my wife the 7" tablet she wanted. Oh, BTW, Asus just updated my tablet to Jellybean 4.1.1 and I am stoked. I don't have any complaints about this tablet.
asus-transformer|The best decision I have ever made for Android-based product! Asus should really consider making smartphones, as well.The good: it feels right in the hand (not a cheap feeling), it has lots of storage, very fast tegra processor, great user experience, and many more I cannot list here.The bad: cannot store camera photos on my external SD (I got the 32GB sd card). Not a big deal because there's plenty of space on the tablet internal storage so it's a minor con in my opinion.Last week I got an Over-The-Air upgrade to Jelly Bean (Android ICS 4.1) from Asus. That is very fast considering that other manufacturers haven't issued upgrades yet. The upgrade took about 15 minutes to install and it was smooth.
asus-transformer|The TF300 deserves all the accolades it has received: battery life, graphics, connectivity options (especially that full USB port on the dock).All it needs is 3g support, I think.Unfortunately the charger stopped working after about a month. Did the freezer trick, and it worked...for about three weeks. It's gone dead again, and the freezer trick isn't working this time. Have settled for a third-party replacement charger; hope it lasts lifetime of the tablet.
asus-transformer|I bought this tablet to replace my personal laptop for use while on business trips and it has done everything I thought it would. I bought the matching keyboard, which for me makes the tablet much easier to use. I got the tablet mostly to surf the web and check email so I can't comment on the tablet's performance as a substitute for a laptop for business use.
asus-transformer|I purchased an ASUS Transformer last week. Just love it....Too good. Cant expect more than in that price...All good. Cant find any negative in it yet.
asus-transformer|I was looking to update, my computer is older. I went with a tablet. I did a lot of research and found this one fit my needs. It is great. Best choice I could have made. It is easy, quick,fun, and has a good screen. The graphics are wonderful. I would recommend this tablet to anyone. I also got a keyboard for it. Just like a netbook.
asus-transformer|Had tablet for 2 months and got over the air JB upgrade without issue and working great. Speed is not super fast like a PC but .... Unit work well and have seen similar download waits on Ipad (have not speed check yet) and have had no issues with wifi. Still reading manual and playing around with this and downloaded several apps\games without issues. Waiting for keyboard price to drop but may bypass as working great at present.Checked TF300 sites looking at issues others seen before purchase my unit (None so far) and for their suggestions for apps and set-ups.Vendor was quick and USPS delivery worked out great. Recommend to others.
asus-transformer|After 2-3 weeks it is well up to expectations, and, with keyboard, gives a very portable multi-access computer for all sorts of situations where a laptop would be far more cumbersome with much less battery-life.
asus-transformer|I purchased this for my son's birthday 3 weeks ago. The tablet works reasonably fast, and seems to give good bang for the buck. However, my son still prefers to do things like watch youtube videos on the $300 laptop I bought him last year. The problem he says is the videos regularly timeout on the pad, indicating the wifi network connection is slower. When he does use it, he lays down on my bed, as the is the closest comfortable place to where the router is located.My wife's laptop died, so she ended-up using it for about a week. During that time she complained it did not register her screen touches in the right location. I installed a drawing program, so I could confirm my touches were recorded right where I touch, so I finally concluded it is something unique with the web browser. However, the same problem happens with the default browser and Google Chrome. So it seems more complicated than that. Upgrading android helped, as now android pop-us a zoomed window when clicking on buttons and links in the web browsers.However, after the upgrade we have a new problem. Sometimes when the device has been asleep, or freshly booted wifi refuses to turn on. It gets stuck in a permanent "starting wifi" state. Toggling airplane mode does not help. The only workaround I found is to turn airplane mode on and then reboot. After booting, turn airplane mode off.The last problem is more with quality control on the google play store, than the tablet myself. My son likes to play games, that is his main use of the tablet. So far mostly he has just used free games. However, he did try to buy a couple of games on the android market. Each time while downloading, I read the reviews of the game and found that they consistently crashed on this tablet. You have just ten minutes after the download is complete before you can no longer use the refund button. But 10 minutes has been exactly the amount of time it takes to get past the initial install, updates, and tutorials to try the games and see the reviewers are right. If you do make it to the refund button in-time, you cannot leave review for the game, so when reading the reviews you are only seeing failed to run/crash reports from those who failed to make the 10 minute time window.However, this problem in a minor way is a blessing. You see I had set up the tablet to use my gmail account, so it could be paid through my credit card. But it seems when doing that, there is no way to keep my son from being able to access my e-mail. Had I not had to request refunds for 100% of the game, I would be stuck. But as it is, I still have the opportunity to create a new gmail account to use exclusively with google play.
asus-transformer|I was completely satisfied with the Asus TF 300. I bought this tablet because before it i had a cheapo 100$ kocasco tablet. The kocasco tablet browsed the internet terribly slow, and after about two weeks of use, exploded in my girlfriend lap, it literally popped and started smoking. After that purchase i decide to make a more informed purchase. I researched the all the tablets and ipads and decided on getting the asus tf 300. This tablet is everything i wanted in a tablet and more. The touchscreen responds smoothly, it browses the internet quickly, and the clean crisp screen with wide veiwing angles make this tablet a pleasure to use. The downside are typing lengthy documents is a bit of chore (I'm typing this review on the asus). The keyboard available for this tablet is over priced. And from my research, this tablet isn't necessarily the best anything. It is a fantastic middle of the road tablet alternative.
asus-transformer|I'm not a tech savy person but I am very happy with this purchase. It allows me more flexibilty than a lap top, is easy to carry with me, lets me surf the web, check email, read ebooks, and play games. Not a replacement for a desk top computer by any means but it gives me a portable option that works.
asus-transformer|The Asus Transformer TF300 is a wonderful product made by Asus.I had originally bough a Nexus 7, but returned it due to the smaller screen and lack of an sd card slot. The large screen on the TF300 makes it very easy to edit photos via Photoshop Touch and to take notes. The SD card slot has become very helpful, since my wife takes many photos which uses a lot of storage. I recommend this product to anyone who doesn't want to spend more for the TF700, but wants a similar and high performing product.
asus-transformer|Was super excited for this tablet to arrive (and am still looking forward to the replacement one I should get in a few days). As soon as I started to charge the tablet and the screen came on, I knew there was a problem. The bottom right corner looked grey-white while the rest of the screen was black. There were additional grey-white patches around the edge of the screen. Googled it and discovered that a fair number of these TF300s suffer from this 'screen bleed.' Some users suggest this is normal for tablets but I've seen/used a number of tablets and haven't noticed this issue before. Amazon (as usual) was awesome about it; they shipped me a replacement immediately. I hope this problem was specific to my tablet and not endemic to the TF300. I'll definitely update this review as soon as I get the replacement. Hopefully will be able to add multiple stars once I get to actually use the device. Best.***UPDATED***New tablet arrived today and it appears that the screen bleed on the initial tablet was an anomaly (if you can call 1/2 that but I'll give Asus the benefit of the doubt). Absolutely zero screen bleed even in dark room with a black screen. The tablet and keyboard dock work great together. Tablet is super responsive and fast. Incredibly happy and would recommend both.
asus-transformer|Great tablet. The only things I have a small gripe about are, there is a little light leakage at the corners of the screen when the background is black, and the WiFi could be better. 5ghz dual band would be nice.
asus-transformer|I absolutely love this tablet! So, why 4 stars instead of 5? The instructions are non-existent. The only thing included was a small booklet that tells you what each button is and then...zippo. I had to go online to find a more comprehensive set of instructions, and even that is geared to the tech heads. If you're a beginner, you WILL be lost. Fortunately, there's a great group of folks at a Transformer forum that has been walking me through the basics. If they hadn't, I'd have a very expensive coaster for my drink.Despite the above, this is one awesome tablet.
asus-transformer|This is the best tablet hands down. It poops on the ipad. Allows for laptop feel plus remote desktop to a pc with dock. Eadily rooted and unlocked thanks to asus. Mine runs at 1.6 Ghz when I need it to.
asus-transformer|OK, so I am a huge Android fan since version 2.0 but this is the first tablet i have found that can really compete with the iPad. And for the money it is a much better buy. Super responsive and awesome clarity. A very, very good deal.
asus-transformer|Ordering/ shipping: Amazon you've done it again. The process was quick, simple and straightforward. It even showed up a day earlier than posted on the website tracking information.ASUS Transformer TF300: Very handy, does what I need. The apps are plentiful, the display is beautiful, and not being a Techie, all of the talk about display, processor speed, how it does or doesn't compare to this or that doesn't mean a hill of beans to me.What I will say is, it's not a replacement for my laptop. I don't expect it to be. I want some apps, I want something to read a book on, I want something to play some music on. This tablet does all that and more.
asus-transformer|Great product. It's a little top heavy and having the speakers on the side is a little annoying but worth the price!
asus-transformer|Awesome Android Tablet with excellent graphics and perfomance.Special mention to included Asus applications enhancements (from widgets to Cloud services).** EXCELLENT **
asus-transformer|Tablet is awsome. It fast, good for gamings and browsing. Pre-installed softwares are not upto the mark.Softwares are not customized, its as we can find in ICS 4.0.If Asus will modify the softwares like samsung. Its an awsome tablet in the price range.
asus-transformer|This is an amazing tablet, fast, nice android apps, camera, mini sd card slot. Get it, the price is the best.
asus-transformer|I bought the ASUS Transformer TF300 last month and is using for a month. Very happy with the tablet. Has all the capabillities I was looking for, light weight, easy to setup and use. Has HDMI, GPS,etc... worth for the money.
asus-transformer|This is my first tablet and I did a lot research before deciding to pull the trigger. So easy to set up and all the apps on my droid phone downloaded to my tablet after logging into my gmail account which was so cool. The screen is beautiful and I love the expandable memory capability. The browser speed seemed a little slow and the touch screen response is sometimes delayed but I love it so far. Heard the Dolphin HD browser was faster so plan to try it out.
asus-transformer|I did a lot of research before buying the Asus 300 my wife has an ipad2 this asus works circles around it you can add and delete easily. The ipad requires connecting to the computer to do the simplest tasks. I am a linux ubuntu user too, this android pad is powerful. More free apps that do something than apple. Reminds me of linux open source. Asus, great tablet. Amazon great service.
asus-transformer|I like all capacity this tablet gives me, the only thing i don't like very much is the presicion for pointing places on the screen. Sometimes i'm forced to use my little finger.
asus-transformer|I have had this tablet for three days and it is worth every penny I paid for it. I did a lot of research and based off CNET/AMAZON/VARIOUS sites, this had the biggest upside of the tablets and they were right. Quad core allows for fast and fluid transitions of apps and browsing. I highly recommend this tablet.
asus-transformer|This is a wonderful android tablet. It has plenty of storage for all my programs and runs smoothly. It is easy to use, my 4 year can turn on and play games on his own. I am pleased with the free apps available to try. Also, it comes with Google Play which my other tablet did not. It is not rooted but you can access back to the root to see files and can backup the apps that come on the device. I have used only one other tablet before so I'm still new to tablets and android but it is a wonderful device to surf the web and play games, my 4 year old fights me to use it for angry birds, cut the rope, etc... In addition I plan on using the device for skype and netflix. If you're interested in getting an adroid tablet get this one, it's solid and runs smoothly without any crashes.
asus-transformer|I am delighted to use this tablet. You get a fast system, nice screen, the Ice Cream Sandwich with it. Everything is good --- when it is working.I have been using the tablet for less than a month. In the first week, the screen protector and cover that I ordered has arrived. So I put it on, but at that time I found the screen has an uneven intensity when it is showing white. I feel sad about that but it can be tolerated. Indeed, I can't see it if I am not looking at it closely.After the third week of my use, suddenly one day, I found the screen cracked! The glass is not broken but the LCD cracked. The system still running, and I can still retrieve my file using the USB. I swear I did nothing. May be temperature change due to this hot summer, or may be I put it in my car's trunk that shaked it. But I cannot see anything now. Simply speaking: It is dead.To all who want to buy this tablet: DO NOT BUY IT.I searched on the web, and I found that the higher end model such as TF700 has stronger screen. And TF300 is **very easy** to have the screen broken. Same manufacturer, but the price difference made a huge difference on durability. If you can afford it, get a high-end model with so-called "gorilla glass" that might make it more durable. But this one, no, no, no!UPDATE: I got back from Asus. They refuse to do any repair under warranty. Can you imagine that a screen problem is always customer's fault no matter what? That's Asus! You know what? They even have the template response for that ---"I have not received any internal reports that there is some kind ofdefect w/ the LCD screen where it would just break/rupture on its ownw/out some kind of intervention (i.e. drops, excessive pressure, misuse,something being dropped on the unit, etc.), therefore I must follow ourstandard policy which excludes physical damage from warranty coverage.Being that this isn't covered by the warranty the labor fee would applyif you'd like the LCD repaired. I would be willing to offer you a 15%discount off the total cost of the repair to reduce the price for you."Exactly the same text you can see from another review here. A response template exists because the screen problem is very very common, as you can see from Amazon's review. The problem is common because that is a design fault. And Asus insist that it is customer's fault. Now Asus is trying to ask you to pay 50% of the price of this tablet to repair. So my advice is THINK TWICE BEFORE YOU BUY: this tablet is essentially coming with no warranty.
asus-transformer|I did some research and bought this tablet. It is really easy to learn how to use. I compared this to the Samsung Galaxy that my wife has. The Transformer has faster and smoother graphics on game play and videos. I've had some issues with browsers loading my university's online classes. On Chrome it wouldn't scroll or show the whole page. The only thing that I wish would have been on the Transformer that the Galaxy has is a remote control program. On the Galaxy you can tune your TV, cablebox, Bluray player etc with it's built in sensor. Since my wife has that I don't really need it and so the Transformer is all I really need. It has helped me with my Calculus class with a graphing calculator app. The app is free as opposed to paying well over a $100 for a good calculator.Thumbs up and I would recommend this tablet to anyone looking to investing in a tablet.
asus-transformer|A very well designed tablet. Very responsive, looks pretty and seems very stable. It has not crashed on me once. Battery life is decent. My wife reads books and uses the Internet on it. I use it for email and for connecting into my clients' computers via an RDP client. My favorite thing so far has to be watching the baseball game from my Slingbox while lying in my hammock in the backyard. Excellent picture. The only minor criticism I have is that it has a good amount of glare when used outdoors but I haven't seen a tablet yet that doesn't.
asus-transformer|The Transformer TF300T Tablet 10.1-inch is everything I could wish it to be. It has a very clear screen and although some reports have criticized the battery life I have found that it holds charge very well indeed. It is very easy to download new Android applications and updates readily. An Excellent Tablet.
asus-transformer|I really love this tablet. I showed it to a friend and they too feel in love with it and order it that night. It's easy to use, it as a back and front camera and the colors are nice a bright. It has exspanable memenory. I does everything that I wanted it to do. It's a great product for the price. I use it almost daily. I would recommend it to my family and friends.
asus-transformer|This a great tablet, additional value is 8 GB of cloud space offerred by ASUS. It is quick, the display is clear. The back side despite plastic is a little bit slippery, so it is difficult to hold it with one hand.
asus-transformer|I have had it for almost a month now and the biggest problem is that it shuts down randomly at times. This is making me to reconsider my purchase and return it. Also, the web browsing should be a lot better. A lot of the times I find myself force closing the web browser &lt;--very frustrating Other than that it is a good device.
asus-transformer|I have had my tablet for about a month now and it is working great. I am very happy with the sound, display, speed, size, weight, WiFi, GPS, pre loaded apps, Asus updates. The only thing that I am not really happy with is the battery life. They say up to 10hrs depending on use and I only get about 5 or 6 hrs using the Internet mostly. I give the tablet 5 stars, but I don't think that it is a replacement for a notebook yet. My wife uses an I-Pad and like most people that have both, I can see that they are easy to use and work really well, but not as satisfying to use as the Android system. I can do a lot more on my Asus than she can do on her I-Pad. Hopefully the Android system will keep evolving to the point where they get all the same support and accesories that the I-Pads get.
asus-transformer|As expected from reviews I read before, this is a great devicevery responsive, awesome screen, didn't have a chance to use it outside yet, but, if your main use is at home, it's perfect.Dock is great for massive typing and additional data input methods.
asus-transformer|This is my first tablet. I got a budget Android tablet for my GF for Xmas and thought it was fun so I wanted one for myself. This Asus TF300T is pretty awesome I must say. I got this primarily because just got my first smart phone, the Motorola Droid4 and I wanted to learn the new Android ICS OS.The display is good, though the colors are not brilliant but for the money it's a nice display. The tablet is very fast and responsive. This tablet has now supplanted my Windows 7 high performance laptop for the most part.My GF just got me the docking keyboard and we had to send it back, as it did not fit. Hopefully the replacement keyboard will fit.Overall I am quite pleased with this tablet and recommend it readily.Tom
asus-transformer|Really fast, the screen is very nice. I thought it would be heavier, fortunately I was wrong. Best cost-benefit for a android tablet. Asus software is very helpful and really smooth.
asus-transformer|i primarily got this table for school purposes. i am a major in visual communications and having a fast reliable tablet that lets me " create art, take really good pictures, and video, all in one while being fast, and highly responsive landed it 4 stars. the only reason i havent added one more to it was, ive put it threw its paces, had multiple files being viewed and a large photo editing program active and it crashed. if you know how to use a computer for large scale editing programs, you know to have nothing running in the back ground that takes up ram. ive become used to that on my laptop so i became used to this on my tablet. with a simple key stroke all my back ground tasks are gone, making me have ultra fast response times while drawing or editing a movie from the tablet. so with that small issue that is easily avoidable, i give it 4 stars. there are other tablets that ive seen specially the ipad... that will have alot of responsiveness even with a dozen programs running, like facebook or...netflix what else does anyone use an ipad for? umad
asus-transformer|I have never messed with a tablet before but i found this very easy to use. I have not had any problem s with it.I love the apps it comes with. Iit is easy to get new apps, books, music ect.. I simply love this thing.
asus-transformer|This is an update to my first review. When I first got the tablet I loved the ease & convenience it afforded me. Now after 8 months I have purchased an Ipad 4 & am passing this onto my son. I don't like it any more! It shuts down & freezes up CONSTANTLY!!! If I could return it I would! Don't waste your money just buy an Ipad!!!I want to start by saying I purchased the Galaxy Tab 10.1 prior to this tablet for my husband and I. They have both been returned due to similar problems. I began by preordering the Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 and just didn't feel comfortable with the possibility of returning that one as well. Instead I purchased this tablet. I've been in love ever since. I am now purchasing a second one for my husbands use. I've read some of the other reviews and other then the screen "whiting" I'm not concerned. I also think some people are expecting to have the quality of a lap top or a desk top. If you are one of those then don't buy this. This is for convenience to surf the web or check emails or take along on a trip where you'll have wifi and not want to tote along a lap top. I've only had this for a couple of days. I'll write more when I receive our second one. I have to let my husband use it now! (Reason for second tablet!)
asus-transformer|Love the product, I got the warranty too. I couldn't be happier with this tablet! The delivery was fast too. It was a git for my wife who absolutely adores it great job!
asus-transformer|I have an iPad2 which I like a lot, but I've always had Android phones (I tried iPhone and I hated it) and I thought I'd take a chance on an Android tablet. I'm so glad I did. I think this little device is superior in almost every way to the iPad2 and the best is that it's not tethered to iTunes. It's fast; it's easy to use; it's easy to handle and its screen is just a little larger than iPad's. I'm completely satisfied. There are a few differences in the apps that are available. I wish some of the iPad apps were available on the Android, but mostly I've been able to find substitutes. I've noticed that the same designers who write iPad apps eventually get to the Android app, and the time lag is shorter all the time. The battery life is better than the iPad, and the settings are easier to use. All in all, I prefer the Android to the iPad. And it's MUCH cheaper. The iPad was almost $800.00, the Transformer $387.00.
asus-transformer|I bought this item because I wanted an Android tablet. Very simple. I loved it. It was great for music, internet, email etc. Then, for no apparent reason, my screen cracked. It had been subjected to no drops or extreme heat and had been treated well. I put it down and picked it up later and it was cracked. Asus refused to cover it under warranty and I am slightly disappointed with their customer service. Verdict: buy it with a case.
asus-transformer|My ASUS Transformer does everything I wanted a tablet to do and more. Great response to touch. Image is excellent. I am happy with my purchase.
asus-transformer|The product was precisely as advertised, received by safe shipping in good condition. I have noticed (and seen in other online reviews and commentary) that there are occasional "random reboots" on this tablet, which I can verify does indeed occur. It doesn't seem to be tied to heavy processor use, but most of the reboots occur when there is heavy graphical use. They have not been extremely frequent, and as long as I keep the cached and running processes under control, I haven't observed very many of these reboots.Additionally, I have noticed a very tiny mark of pixel damage on the screen, which is only visible on dark or black backgrounds - if this becomes worse, I will contact the manufacturer, but I haven't done anything to cause impact to the screen, so this may be an individual unit issue.In all, aside from the spontaneous reboots, I am very satisfied with this product.
asus-transformer|This tablet is truly great. It is really, really fast and responsive.Firstly, the Operating System, Asus did a great job of adding only a few extra things on top of Android 4.0/Ice Cream Sandwich (ICS) that complements Android without losing the greatness of pure ICS.The tablet itself is a bit heavier than some other Android tablets, but it does feel solid. With the connection of the laptop dock, it really feels as if it's a full-on netbook. I have an Asus EE netbook and really feels almost no different, except that it has all the benefits of Android. And with Chrome now running on the laptop and the ability "to request desktop site" when you're going to web pages, it adds to the feeling of being a netbook.I bought the tablet and keyboard dock for the purpose of using it as a tablet to take notes on at work (replacing my aging HTC Flyer) and as something with a big enough screen that when I travel for work, I can easily view files, etc. And of course, it allows me to use all of my personal Android goodies.From a hardware perspective, it has 2 SD card slots (one on the tablet & one on the laptop dock) as well as a USB slot for native USB support, and a mini HDMI out cable too.I did debate between the TF200/201 and this device, but at a $100 cheaper and a few items fixed in the 300, it was just the right choice (although it is a slight bit heavier than the 200).Can't say enough about this device, very, very pleased with my purchase! Finally solves all my issues.
asus-transformer|I didn't want to go the ipad route. But i think i am going to have to. I opened the box charged the tablet, when i turned it on i noticed dead pixels right away. I will be returning this.
asus-transformer|I'm really happy with this purchase! Delivery was prompt and in excellent condition, of course.The quad core really shows its stuff. Now to root, unlock bootloader and install custom ROMs. :)
asus-transformer|The price is great, I have used this tablet for video watching, and taking notes at an all day convention. I was able to take notes faster than i could before by hand on paper and pen. the battery life was more than adequate. I turned the pad on eco mode and turned onto basically Airplane mode by turning off GPS, Wifi, Sound, Auto Sync and Auto Rotate. But i finished each day with over 50% battery life.Gaming on this is awesome as well. I have noticed though that the wifi signal is not as strong as it should be compared with other items, but over all this is not an issue.
asus-transformer|There was a time when all ASUS computers were made in Taiwan... They were built like tanks. My first two ASUS laptops from 10+ years ago STILL run today... and I never turned them off, they run 24/7.NOW this ASUS tab worked fairly well for the first 2 weeks. The unit itself looks great. The plastic backing doesn't look cheap at all. The display was crisp and the sound was surprisingly loud with only 1 speaker. I did have some problems with the light sensor that was suppose to detect environmental light levels and adjust the display automatically... It just didn't work. Where ever I was, when set on auto, the tablet screen always adjusted to the most dim. Another problem is the battery display. My battery can be charging or fully charged and the unit would give me the most random battery status. "52seconds on 100% battery charge.." really? The Android OS isn't polished either. Certain apps don't work on the tab and alot of apps seem like they are still in the beta phase. Adobe reader was laggy, and google chrome as well (without flash support???). The weather app was useless on auto detect mode as well... I had to manually set my location...I could deal with all this except 2 days ago the tablet started randomly and frequently rebooting itself. I would set it aside and when I come back to it, I'd notice the tablet had shut down. After a bit of trial and error I found the unit was defective. It was sensitive to me placing it on any surface, even on the couch or the carpet. I wasn't throwing it either and from day one I had a hard case placed on it. I'm sure this is a QA issue. I'll give the tablet another chance and it's been shipped back to Amazon for a replacement.UPDATE: First of all the Amazon replacement program is AMAZING. I never left the house! Makes me not worry about ordering from this company ever. Printed my labels and called, they dropped off a new unit the same day they picked up my defective one. This unit works perfectly, no more shut downs for no reason. The OS is running smoother now with the latest update. The ASUS weather is working finally, as well as the auto dim option. Adobe's update also makes my image heavy pdfs run alot smoother. I still have complaints with some apps not optimized though, but this I think is the same with all android devices. I am upping to a 4star.
asus-transformer|This tablet is crazy fast! Very responsive. Works more quickly than my computer and my laptop, and all the computers I use at work. Also, it never gets hot! Works with every app I used. Works well with or without the keyboard. I installed the Thumb Keyboard app, which is much easier to use with this size tablet. I absolutely love this!
asus-transformer|I love this tablet. Very responsive touch screen, fast, reliable, and always has the latest updates. I have had this tablet since May and would not trade it for an ipad!
asus-transformer|I waited until I lived with the tablet for a couple of months before reviewing it. In retrospect, I wished I had waited for the TF700 before I bought the TF300, but you need to consider whether or not the $100 premium is worth it. The biggest difference I can see is the screen. If you use your tablet outdoors, definitely get the 700. My 300 is usable only if it is cloudy or you are in substantial shade. As far as the nicer metallic finish and thinner depth of the 700 is concerned, since I use a case, this does not matter at all.But the good things...The tablet is quick and capable. It does all the everyday surfing, game playing, and video watching without any hiccups. I appreciate that I can use external media and change out cards easily. Try that with an iPad...Then my more specialized need... The ability to handle external storage is very important for my use. On long trips I need the ability to offload photos taken with my SLR and I can generate massive volumes of data as I shoot in RAW format. Standard USB devices connect well to the keyboard dock so I can attach my CF cards through a reader to transfer data to an external hard drive and free up media to continue shooting on the four cards I normally have with me. In the past I traveled with a laptop, but no more...
asus-transformer|This tablet was good, pretty smooth and fast, except it would freeze up and stutter fairly often, just not a *great* user experience. That was totally solved with the Jelly Bean update today. Kudos to Asus for getting it out quickly. Awesome tablet.
asus-transformer|I've been thinking of purchasing an Android based tablet for some time and have looked at several at the various generations have come and gone. I was originally looking at a slightly older pair available at another retailer as refurbished. However, after considering that an update to Jelly Bean is important to me I decided that Asus's statement regarding the update being planned "in the coming months" and the quad core processor were worth the bump in price.The aesthetics are pleasant. I knew I was buying a 10" tablet so the overall size and weight are inline with what I was expecting and have found it natural to use. The screen does collect finger prints and debris easily so I'm experimenting with a stylus and have a screen protector on order to see if that will help.I am a fan of Ice Cream Sandwich (and looking forward to Jelly Bean), so while that's not a unique feature of this tablet, but they do pair well together. The apps/widgets/etc included are OK, the Note app in particular seems to have potential. However I like that there are not a ton of unnecessary apps/bloatware included that you can't remove; it provides a nice, clean, simple environment for you to go crazy downloading apps catered to your needs/wants. Contrast this to my smartphone which came with a dozen apps I never asked for nor want but take up precious space and constantly want updates and I'm a happy camper.As for performance of the tablet itself, I have seen one or two hiccups including apps closing themselves and lag/slow performance. I'm not certain yet if it's relating to the specs of the device itself, the performance settings being used (Asus includes an easy to access setting for low/mid/high performance to help manage the trade off on battery life/performance), or the apps I've installed. Hoping to experiment more and zero in on a possible cause.Overall I'm happy though, with my few minor concerns so far either having work arounds or being "livable".
asus-transformer|Purchased for the family, battery life is very good only charge overnight every two or three days. Searched for a case found one for $10, was just patient and looked around. I dont think I will need the keyboard, at least not yet. I hope to have this device for 4-5 years. I have had this device almost 5 months no issues at all. I Use GPS,headphones, added memory card. Having child use this has freed up computer for other family members.
asus-transformer|I looked at several tablets and chose this one. It has a quad core and 32Gig of storage. I added a 32 Gig micro SD card. It has all of the speed that I need. I have multiple apps active at the same time with no speed penalty. I use a Verizon MiFi when mobile and use the Ericson AccessToGo to connect to Windows servers. The touch screen works great for the access.I had looked at tablets last year and tried a 7 inch one. I returned that one the next day because it was so slow and the touch screen was random. Not a problem with the Asus pad. It is fast and the touch screen is accurate. I have not tried the camera yet. I transfer pictures from my camera by removing the micro SD card, copying from my PC and re-inserting it in the tablet.There are several drawbacks and that is why I give only four stars.It requires a special cable to charge that does come with it.There are no USB connections, unless you purchase the docking station. I didn't get it yet.
asus-transformer|I now have had it for a month and am beginning to get a handle on how to use it. The android operating system is a little different then Microsoft and Apple computers and one has to adjust. I am glad I purchased this Asus T300 tablet over the Apple i-Pad for it not only saved me a ton of money I can also syn many more items with my Microsoft computers. Highly recommend anyone to purchase one of these - I know you too will be glad you did.
asus-transformer|OK so I wanted a tablet for work. I was going for a samsung Galaxy until a friend told me about the Asus tables. I looked them up and was in love with what I read. Now this tablet is not the newest tablet that Asus has. This is one generation behind the Asus Prime. I have had this tablet for a week now I there is nothing it cant do. I came standad with the 32gb Internal memory and I added a 32gb Micro SD ultra card so that makes 64gbs of Storage that I now have. No considering that I have loaded my music and my movies and I still have over haf of my internal memory and all of the external memory I am happy. Also the tablet has not slowed down one bit and I have installed apps like crazy. Now with battery time, I use it on the default setting which gives me about 6 hours when it is connected to the Internet and the Bluetooth is on. I am sure if I put it on the econo setting it would give me the 10 hours it promises but I have never ran out of battery so if we add this to all that I have mentioned it is well worth the price. If you want the latest tablet go ahead and spend the 200 extra but let me tell you that this table can do everything you want and more. Oh and I was almost forgetting it is not heavy at all. I gave a 45 min presentacion with this and it did not feel heavy at all. Now weight is relative to all of us what is not heavy to me might be heavy to someone else so look at the sepcs and decide for your self if you thing it will be light enough. One more thing the specs change with the color that is why I got a white table and not the Blue tablet. The Blue tablet does not have WiFi or Bluetooth or at least it is not stated on the specs that it does. On the white tablet is the in the spects it says that is has WiFi and Bluetooth. So becareful when selecting I almost got the other tablet which is like 40 dollars less. Now that is something Amazon could be just a tad more clearer on when a change in color means a change in the model and sepcs of the product.
asus-transformer|My Smartphone is jealous of my ASUS Transformer Tablet. My phone was attached to me like a limb; now it appears that I have grown a bigger limb. However, now that I have my Tablet,I can do so much more--faster. Connectivity and reliability are on the top of my very long list of why I am enjoying my Tablet. What a great graduation gift from my family.ASUS Transformer TF300 T-B1-BL 10.1-Inch 32 GB Tablet (Blue)
asus-transformer|I have been working with this item for approximately a month now. I have found that the construction of the tablet itself is of good quality. The cameras are not the best on the market but for my purposes they are more than adequate but I'm not a heavy user of them. It will never replace my laptop or a desktop but it does do 80% of the casual work that I would normally do with my laptop in a far more convenient and portable fashion.I would highly recommend this tablet to anyone in the market.
asus-transformer|This is actually a great purchase....i like everything about it but first of it doesn't do so well outside ...i couldn't really see alot (direct sunlight) ...but the screen is nice otherwise ...it has a lil screen leakage where you can see a lil white light coming from the edge but you'll only really notice it if the screen is totally black in which case ..your probably not even using the tablet...i do recommend a screen protector! Its just harden glass...so while still durable i would get one .... I like the sound quality alot....hope i help
asus-transformer|Here's some quick background to frame my review: I'm a student that travels 20+ miles to school via public transportation everyday. I got tired of lugging my laptop to/from school everyday. I'd been eyeing the Asus Transformer family with lusty eyes, but didn't have the money for it. Then Asus quietly released the TF300, which coincided beautifully with my (pseudo)graduation and consequent graduation money. I snapped a TF300 up to get me through my final summer classes, and DAGGUM, I wish I had this little beast for my regular semesters!OVERALL: It's a solid tablet and the best bang for your buck. I haven't taken a look at everything that the TF300 can do, but what I've used has worked for the most part. I'll try to update the review as I try new things.APPEARANCE, BUILD QUALITY, AND ERGONOMICS: 4/5- True, it's not "sexy" or shiny. It's understated and professional (which I prefer). Most importantly, it doesn't scream "I LOOK EXPENSIVE. STEAL ME!", which is perfect for studying a train or bus. However, if you have it out, you should still maintain a firm grasp on the device.- It doesn't FEEL cheap, and the plastic body makes it feel very lightweight despite being 1.4lbs. HOWEVER, it is kinda cheap. I have a tight-fitting slim-fit case that has a clasp that holds it shut. In trying to close the clasp, the plastic body did separate a little from the display around the clasp area. I was able to pop things back into place, but the point should be noted.- The edges are more rounded and thicker than the Prime's which will make it more comfortable to hold after long periods. Typing is a bit difficult while holding the TF300; I recommend downloading "Perfect Keyboard (Free)" because it comes with a "thumb" keyboard that splits the keyboard in half.PERFORMANCE 3/5:- Moving between homescreens is snappy, apps open quickly, and switching between open apps is pretty quick too- Polaris Office sometimes tells me that there isn't enough memory to run the application when it's the only app that's open. This is a major annoyance because I would lose any notes that I had taken since the last time I saved the document. To be fair, the PowerPoint that I have open is often 50-80 slides (4-8MB) long and has MANY images on it. I've also been running the tab in Balanced Mode, but I doubt bumping it up to High Performance Mode would help much, since it only clocks the processor at an additional 0.1-0.2 GHz. I haven't experienced any app crashes outside of Polaris Office.- People say that their apps freeze or that they get that "this is taking longer than usual" message. It's not because there's something wrong with the OS or processor. It's just that the READ SPEEDS are slow (despite it being an SSD). The OS will think something is wrong, but in reality, it's just the data isn't loading fast enough. (I'm lead to believe that this is the case because the large PowerPoints take forever to load in the sidebar in Polaris Office)- Loading Gallery images/thumbnails also took a bit of time. Weird, since I don't have many images on the device. Again, my hypothesis is slow read speeds.- The stock browser experience isn't much better than the one found on Amazon Silk. It'll often give you the "this is taking longer than it should" message, but as soon as that message pops up, the page will finish loading. Just tap "wait" and move on. The Google Chrome Beta and Dolphin Browser are great alternatives.- I can't speak for gaming performance, as I did not purchase this tablet for games. HOWEVER. I do have a few art/photo editing apps. Strokes in SketchBook Express rendered well enough, and the zoom was pretty smooth. Adjusting saturation/brightness/contrast in Photoshop Express was very smooth, and adjusting fill/shadows/highlights in the stock Gallery Editor was very smooth as well. I'd say the GPUs are a very capable bunch (they better be - there's a DOZEN cores!).SCREEN: 5/5 (if you can live without IPS+)- 300 or 350 nits (I keep finding conflicting numbers) is plenty of brightness for indoor use. I usually have the screen at 80-100%- I really like that the screen can actually get pretty dark. It's great for using in the dark. Back when I had the Kindle Fire, I'd have the brightness all the way down and it would STILL be too bright.- The colors are neutral, if not a tad bit on the cool side. I prefer warmer colors, but honestly, I can't really tell unless I had something to compare it to.CAMERA: 3.5/5- I haven't put the front-facing camera through its paces- The rear-facing camera is good for a tablet. The colors are a bit washed out. The zoom is..pretty amazing, actually. I managed to snap a photo of a rail operator extinguishing a smoking switch that was about 100ft away just the other day. Some quick touch ups in an app, and the photo was pretty acceptable.- You can move the focus box around the viewfinder, which I really like. But it takes forever to focus. Factor in my shaky hands, and you get a picture that never really focuses.TAB + KEYBOARD COMBO: 6/5- I'll leave a review of the actual dock for the dock's product page, but as for the combo...LOVE IT.- It's top-heavy, so be careful not to tilt it too far back.- Naturally, the form factor is like that of a 10.1" netbook. You would think that it WAS a netbook until you noticed that there is a camera sensor and speaker grill where they normally wouldn't be.- The best part is that I can take notes with the dock while I'm at school, then review those notes on the train with just the tablet. This is another big plus because it's easier for larger items such as netbooks and laptops to get stolen while you're using them on the train. A tablet that is firmly in your grasp would be much more difficult.
asus-transformer|Have had it for more than 2 weeks. did not see issues related to bleeding screen, system resets, etc.However, occasionally, sound will be muted/gone. the only way to correct it was to turn it off and then back on. It happened when the wife or kids were playing Mahjong, Smarf or fish tank games. Feels like it is software related.
asus-transformer|This is an exellent pad considering the price. I use to work at my company but only have a desktop. It's not convenient. This makes my job much nicer. With the optional keyboard, i am able work remotely just as a normal computer. Great.
asus-transformer|This tablet is great so far. Works great, has a stock android 4.0.3 OS, screen is very clear and bright. This is the first tablet I have ever owned, but I have other android devices. I would definitely buy from ASUS again as they keep the stock look and feel. I don't have the dock (yet) so I can't comment on that.
asus-transformer|Fully satisfied of this tablet. if you are searching for a very good tablet for a good price this is the right one. Bye, Davide
asus-transformer|Purchased the ASUS Transformer TF300 about a month ago. Took it out of the box and charged it up right away. The setup was easy. It was suggested that you have a gmail account when you set this up. It does help to make it smoother. The response is quick when working with several apps. I can jump back and forth between them with two touches. There is no delay which is great. I have an iPhone and that I always wait for the app to restart. There are thousands of apps for this tablet so no shortage of things to do with it. I may invest in the keyboard as I type fast and the touch screen keys slow me down. But then if it is a quick note back on an email that works great. The wifi works at home and at work. Have had no issues with it dropping connections. I would recommend this to anyone that isn't sure they want to spend more for one of those higher priced tablets.I have not noticed the light bleed that others mention. I don't use it in a dark room so has not been an issue for me.
asus-transformer|I have both the 100 and now the 300. they are both great although the 300 with greater hardware resourses runs much better. Great Video playback, e-reader and communications tools. I would recommend this to anyone looking at purchasing a tablet.
asus-transformer|so far this has been a great buy. I bought this for my wife to facebook and skype with. it does great at both. It is pretty user friendly and only took about an hour to set up.the only con is the batery life is shorter than advertised 4-5hr of constant use.
asus-transformer|Do not purchase this product you may regret it in the end and could end up spending more then you think for this tablet. My tablets screen broke 31 days after purchasing and had to use asus repair facility it was the worst experiance I ever had with any company don't just take my word for it look up there costumer service satisfaction reviews. They took over two weeks to even contact me and then they told me it was costumer induced damage. there is no arguing with them or telling them your side the only way to contact them is by email and they refuse to give you a number to call so you can talk, and they take days to respond to each email. Also before you purchase google cracked screen TF300 you will find alot of complaints on how easy it is to crack a screen mine broke in my hand I was holding it with my right hand on the side and the weight of the tablet cracked the screen does this sound like costumer induced damage to you I am not the only person who has had this issue most others where people that use them in docking stations you will find reviews about the screen cracking while using a dock. also you may want to refrain from the nexus tablet considering it uses the same flimsy glass as the tf300 just my opinon though.8/13/12Still have not recieved my tablet back from the Asus repair facility they have had it since 7/8/12.
asus-transformer|The ASUS Transformer TF300 with Android Ice Sandwich is a terrible tablet. It crashes at the slightest provocation. Using the Flash Player crashes after a while. Using Skype crashes. Browsing the Internet crashes. Accessing my network drive crashes. The tablet has difficulty recognizing a microSD card when it is plugged in. Sometimes the tablet has to be booted multiple times to see the card, then can't see it after the tablet crashes. The WiFi is slow, even though I have a high speed N network using a top-notch wireless router. I don't know if the problem is the tablet, ICS, the apps, or a combination of two or more. Whatever, my iPhone is a much better product. I bought this tablet as an experiment to see if I liked using a tablet. This product soured me on tablets. Fortunately, it is not my primary computing device. Do not buy this tablet. If you must have one, spend the extra money and buy an iPad...or buy a cheap notebook instead.
asus-transformer|ASUS Transformer TF300 T-B1-BL 10.1-Inch 32 GB Tablet (Blue)absolutely lousy product. crashes everytime.... reboots multiple times for no reason. absolutely non responsive... really really bad quality product. suffering everyday. like now... while writing a review on that, the device became unresponsive, crashed & rebooted the whole thing!!!totally unexplained.. just over a week old product!!! and this is my pathetic experience!!! even installed and ran antivirus!!and to top it ... i gave it as a gift and is out of USA thinking it would work alright... wondering how to return it and get rid of my misery. extremely bad experience and will never recommend this to anyone!!Stay away from this...
asus-transformer|I actually upgraded from my Samsung Galaxy tab 10.1 to this. Almost all of my electronics are Samsung. Including my TVs and phones(my wife's phone as well). I was hesitant at first because I rooted and installed a very nice version of ICS. CM9 ROM to be exact.There was two key factors that sold me on this tablet.1-Quad plus 1 core processor2-With Asus hand in hand with Google, Asus will be among the first to receive the 4.1 Jellybean update; and future ones.So to say the least, I love my new Asus Tf300 tab. It does feel more like a 10.2 tablet compared to my Galaxy Tab, but is still a very sleek and sexy tablet.I am fortuneate enough to receive my tablet with NO light bleed. I purchased mine at Best Buy because I didn't want to wait on shipping once I made my decision that I wanted one.Now, I will have to choose between the new Asus Infinity or new Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 tablet. Yes, I am an Android tablet junkie.
asus-transformer|I was extremely happy with my purchase at first. Then I was prompted to do a firmware update. I accepted of course, because I assumed that the new firmware would not cripple my tablet. Perhaps a week after the update, my keyboard on the dock stopped working. It still accepts input via the touchpad and mouse key, only the keyboard keys stopped functioning. I sent the unit in for repair and it was returned without the problems being addressed.
asus-transformer|Again with all of these to many it does not work well with others. Google does not play with flash player. Only solution is app driven devises will have to go.
asus-transformer|This unit I bought for my wife and she loves it,easy to nav. and now I am looking to buy two more.
asus-transformer|Very nice tablet, ive only own it for 3 days so i cant say that much about but so far it is very nice, touchscreen is very responsive, however i compared it to my sisters samsung tab 2 and i found hers to be more responsive, i dont know if it is something you can configurate. I tried the hdmi port and works fine, connected an usb drive and worked nicely as well. I think this is a very good purchase.
asus-transformer|I bought one of these on sale last week. I loved the specs, memory and price. Considering the mediocre resolution (1280X800) the screen was actually bright and decent, although it took a little while for me to get used to it, considering it replaced my retina iPad. I gave the iPad to my wife and switched to Android because I find the widgets and other customizable options to be very useful. Although the specs of the ASUS look good on paper, the iPad was still much more responsive, especially with games. Subway Surfers and Adrenaline 7 play flawlessly on the iPad. The colors are rich and vibrant and the gameplay is smooth with no frame rate issues. On the ASUS both games had dull colors and suffered from constant frame rate issues including artifacts and occasional stuttering. I realize the iPad is better optimized for gaming, so I didn't hold this against the ASUS, especially since I spend less than 10% of my tablet time gaming. That's one of the tradeoffs going from iOS to Android. The good tradeoffs are the customizable interface and my fave, the widgets. The TF300 was wonderful for the first week but on the ninth day, two bright spots appeared on the screen. They were about the size of a pea and appeared in two different areas of the screen. They were noticeably brighter than the rest of the screen. I exchanged it for another, came home, opened it and immediately scanned top to bottom for screen issues. The screen was okay other than some backlight bleeding along the edges. Figuring I was just unlucky with the first one, I settled down with the replacement and started reloading all of my apps and settings. My joy lasted one day. On day two a dead pixel just popped up out of nowhere. I tried t ignore it but it was in a prominent spot of the viewing area. No matter how hard I tried to ignore it, it attracted my eyes like a magnet. Needless to say, I returned that one as well and gave up on the TF300. Call me picky but if I'm paying over $300 for a tablet, I don't think a defect-free display is too much to ask. I've purchased five iPads over the years, starting with the very first generation and none had screen issues; neither did my Samsung Galaxy Tab. If I could get ahold of one with an acceptable screen, I think I'd love this tablet but twice is enough.
asus-transformer|I know all product lines might have lemons. I managed to purchase one. Indeed, the ASUS Transformer 300 had power problems and a faulty screen. I sent it back. They "fixed it", and sent it back to me. Then in 4 weeks: power problems again. It took 8 emails and me going on their Facebook page to get an RMA number. They did not send shipping label, so I paid shipping. They are still "fixing" the same unit. In the meantime I am getting email that Product support cannot handle my request because my request is handled by Product support. That my proof of purchase is illegible. It is printed in English. Maybe they do not read English. So, just in case yours happens to be a lemon as well: DO NOT BUY ASUS. Nothing from a company that does not appreciate its customers.
asus-transformer|My mom got an IPADI got this one and MINE IS BETTER! faster and has FREE APPS YEAHHHHHHNo need to spend 500+ on an Ipad get one of these!!They are amazing
asus-transformer|technically product is very good, TFT ISTN display, quad tegra3 etcalso aftersales updates comes regularythe touch screen is horrible, it get stuck I need to power off and on sometimeswith the case situation improves a bityou do not expect this for asus brand
asus-transformer|I bought one of these at Best Buy and it was dead on arrival. It would not power up so I left it on the charger for 12 hours and still nothing. Pressing the power button resulted in a dead battery image appearing on the screen for a few seconds and that was it. Doing some research I discovered this is not an uncommon occurrence with this model unfortunately. Not recommended.As much as I love Amazon, this is a situation in which it might make sense to buy the product from a local store. Best Buy took the unit back with no questions asked and I exchanged it for a Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1. It was more money but it works well and has more features.
asus-transformer|Got this in June, now it is November. Loved it when I first got it. Is responsive, does all kinds of things a tablet should and does it well; when it works right. Got it with keyboard. Glad I did. In August (after Amazon return window closed) Tablet touchscreen stopped responding. Would only work if attached keyboard, used it for a while, then disconnected from keyboard. Searched web and Asus site for support. Found very little info on web, some similar problems but no solutions. Found nothing on Asus support. Very awkward site to negotiate. Removed some apps, no improvement. Have rebooted device multiple times with no results. Lived with sporadic problem for a while then Asus pushed out OS update to Jelly Bean, problem went away. Then it started again a couple of days ago. I wanted to take some photos with it (excellent camera) but no touchscreen response. It sucks when trying to take photos with keyboard attached. I use this tablet for my references for a study I attend and cannot do it with keyboard attached, too many things to hold on my lap. Did not intend to use keyboard for routine work, only for occasional and when traveling. So tablet without touchscreen becomes $500+ paperweight which I don't need. Needed it for class last night but screen would not respond. Turned it on while writing this review this AM, now it works. Not very dependable like that. Spouse has Ipad II which has never had this problem. Starting to regret my purchase. Gave it 2 stars at this point.UPDATE 12/07/2012I had a very hard time finding specific support information for my problem. Looked around web, other forums, and ASUS site. Struck gold on Amazon when Tien Phan found my complaint on the Amazon site and contacted me. We established email connection and he and I attempted a couple of fixes including a system restore to factory defaults. When those software attempts did not work he determined it had to go back for service and provided me with an RMA to ship it to Texas. Prepared it (I still had original packaging) and sent it off on 11/23. Was able to track progress via shipper's site and the repair with ASUS RMA. Service turnaround was quick and had it back on 12/5. Have used it heavily past two days, no repeat of the screen freezing up. I am pleased with the device, raised it to 4 stars. I'll give it some more time before we get to 5. I am very happy with Tien's work and so happy he found me on Amazon.UPDATE 02/11/2013Wanted to leave a final update to this. Have used the tablet daily since ASUS repaired it. Taken it on travel, used with variety of hotel and other wi-fi connections. It works flawlessly. Have had no repeats of screen issues, acquires sites quickly and with clarity. Have updated stars to 5. I truly love it!
asus-transformer|Offered this product to my wife for her birthday. What a disappointment! Nice design, specs, connectivity/storage vs Apple (Usb, sd, hdmi etc), value for money, etc, at least on paper. Then real life 2 days after having received the product is as follows: apps freeze all the time, even home screens get stuck all the time now, the machine would behave completely erraticaly registering touches out of nowhere, or would not register touches at all, etc. Keyboard dock just increases the frequency of these glitches. The huge bleeding on one side of the screen became a non issue at this point. Tried a couple of factory resets hoping to get rid of some of these issues, in vain. This product is completely unusable. Seems like there are major software/hardware integration issues. Anyhow returning it promptly before it breaks down altogether. Won't ask for a replacement as I don't see how this would resolve these structural issues. For such a brand as Asus it is unacceptable to sell things like that that just don't work - almost feels like a scam. My 2 year old Samsung Galaxy S I now feels like a Ferrari compared to this product. Also Have an iPad 2 for work and despite not being much of an Apple fan I have to recognize that user experience is just light years ahead of this.
asus-transformer|Right after the one month warranty for Amazon returns passed the touch screen quit. Had to spend a lot of time on hold with tech support. Spent $16.80 for postage and waited 2 weeks to get tablet back. Not happy with customer support!I thought I was buying a quality product.This is ASUS' response:Dear Ms. Maemori,Thank you for contacting us in regards to the RMA process. Unfortunately we do not provide any refunds, I do apologize for your inconvenience. Please do let me know if you have any other questions.Thank you,Aaron LASUS Customer Care Team9/12/12Another thing I forgot to add is that when the touch screen froze the ASUS technician on phone support was unable to help me do a factory reset so I had to send tablet for repair with all my personal data on it.
asus-transformer|I put my Asus Transformer in my car in the backseat overnight, so I would remember it in the morning. When I opened my pad the next morning, the screen was cracked! No pressure was applied (except the normal pressure used when picking up/setting down objects!), but the screen makes this bad pad not functional. I have owned this product for less than a month. Have experienced the frequent restarts, and browser closing while trying to stream anything (why I switched from ipad). Customer service will not cover this, but if I will pay to and from shipping, they will have someone review the issue for $65 fee! Wow! What great service. I miss my ipad. It might not have done everything I wanted, but at least it worked! Will not purchase Asus products again. 48 hours till customer service contacts you, try 96!
asus-transformer|I received a new Asus TF300 tablet upon graduating from college and was very excited about it. It was extra fast and really seemed to be an all around awesome tablet the first day I had it. Upon waking up the second day when I went to use it the touch screen seemed to be totally unresponsive. I never could fix the problem so I returned it within the 30 day warranty period for a brand new tablet assuming the first error was just a fluke. The second tablet ran great and I loved it, until about the fourth day when I went to turn it on and the screen was totally black. I tried plugging it in to the wall, my laptop, resting it (hard and soft reset) nothing worked. I called there customer support which was no help since the guy barley spoke English and this is the best part of all, the technical support guy put me on hold to transfer me to another department only to come back and say that he couldn't find the number and I would have to Google it... WOW! So my review is Asus tablet will work great for about a day or two but then you will run into all sorts of problems, and don't even try calling their technical support because it SUCKS! Stay far away from this product is my advice.
asus-transformer|This was my first time purchasing a Tablet, after looking into buying one for about 1-2 years or so. I did not purchase this from amazon but from Circuit city. Choosing a table was very difficult, but I believe I made the correct choice. Finding the White color for this tablet, was very difficult... I originally payed for the tablet $435 (Just to get it in the color white). Looked everywhere and they said they were out of stock of the white color, and some even said they were completely out of stock of the white/blue. I believe their is a red color for this tablet, and that color was no were to be found. I will just make a short review on this tablet...- Great Things About The TabletMultitasking, Long Battery, Android 4.1, Note App, and more. You need good wifi, I don't have the best but it works 75% of the time if the wifi is working good.- Disappointing Things About The TabletThe backboard of the tablet came off once. It was easy to pop back in... though I did get 3 year coverage for the tablet, looking to replace that part about it. Getting a case for this tablet.... is very very difficult!In Total I Spent:Tablet: $435Coverage: $115Keyboard: $159Stylus: $20Case: Have not found the correct one... just yet.Comparing the Asus TF300 VS. Asus TF700I was debating on getting the TF700, but their was not point in getting the 700. Why? Because the only difference in the 700 is that- the screen is somewhat lighter, has gorilla glass two, different color, more expensive!Comparing the Asus Tf300 to Apple Ipad 3Ever heard the old saying to compare a Ferrari to a Honda? Thats what your doing when comparing the Asus and Ipad. I did have the money for the Ipad, but if I had a second chance to get an Ipad, I would not do it. I played around with all 3 models of the ipad and did not enjoy it at-all.
asus-transformer|Sure it's a nice tablet but it does not support Flashplayer. And that's a major, major drawback. So now I just use the TF300 for games and a little internet browsing, and Kindle reading (works great). Had no idea that Flashplayer isn't supported, otherwise I would have never bought this tablet. So if Flashplayer is important to you for photos,movies, etc.,you are well-advised to go with something else. So muchcontent needs Flashplayer it's mindboggling.But the biggest issue is that it keeps coldbooting and going into safe mode, just randomly. It has something to do with the offon button. This happens when its pressed on the wrong end. And its a really tiny button. It wiped my info 3 times already, going into factory reset. Seems that other users are reporting the same problem.I regret that bought this. But I'm not a tech geek and relied on user reviews.Update: thanks to a helpful commenter, I downloaded an Acrobat app. Works great now.Update Jan. 2013: still a great tablet. Working great.
asus-transformer|My wife bought the Amazon Kindle Fire when it was first released. She really likes reading, etc. on the Fire's decent portable/low cost tablet. Although I also liked the Fire, when reading magazines and other types of media, I was waiting for a tablet that provided a larger screen size, expanded connectivity, longer battery life, and able to store more data. But at the same time, I wanted a tablet that was still affordable.After tracking both specs and prices for most of the first half of 2012, I finally decided that the ASUS TF300T had the right mix and decided to buy it from Amazon. And so far after my initial checkout of this tablet, I have been very happy with my decision.There was some surprises I experienced. like I did not realize like it took close to 2 hours to encrypt your tablet or that some of the tablet setup is not intuitive and you will really need to download the ASUS user manual to set up your new tablet.But I been able to try SKYPE, read media including magazines, surf web, Netflex, among try out several other applications. A couple of the android application seem to be missing a functions or two , but nothing serious, and would rate my TF300T purchase a 5.
asus-transformer|I'm going to keep this short because in reality it's not worth the effort. I'm officially through 3 TF300s. First one would not power on after about a week, Second one the entire screen because unresponsive no matter how many times I reset it, and the third and final one has unresponsive spots. In order to click the view all apps button I have to flip the screen because horizontally with the "ASUS" logo right side up it will not respond to me pressing it. The camera has become completely useless. I click record, click it again to end, click the preview to watch it in gallery and it starts to record again. Half the time gallery will not open. I've spent a good 2 hours trying to get it to connect to my Bluetooth. When I did it on the first and second tablet it took 30 seconds. Terrible terrible product. Never again will I buy from ASUS. Time to wait for the Surface to release.
asus-transformer|I literally put the tablet in the dock, closed the dock, came back later and when I opened the dock the screen had cracked tremendously on the top right. Do yourself a favor and get a gorilla glass version. The tf300 is a dud.If yours hasn't cracked, it will.
asus-transformer|I will add more to the review when I have time but I wanted to go ahead and put this on here as a warning to anyone who owns one or is considering buying one. The LCD cracks VERY easily. I have only had mine for just over 1 month. It has been in a protective case and has been handled with care.I have had an ipad since the original so I am very used to a tablet. Anyway, I don't even know how it cracked. It wasn't dropped, bumped or held by the corner. The housing and glass are perfect (no scratches, marks or anything). After looking at it carefully, it seems the housing does not provide enough support. After it cracked, I gently flexed it and with the slightest of pressure you can see the housing flex and the LCD flexing inside. I liked the usability and the overall device but there is NO WAY I would buy another one until they fix this issue. I guess the metal housing on the ipad keeps it from flexing.By the way, I called ASUS and they are not very helpful. I was on hold for nearly an hour. I could barely understand the first person I talked with. I then asked to speak to a manager. He was fairly easy to understand and attempted to be helpful but he just kept telling me I had put too much pressure on the screen. I am far from an Apple fan (in fact that's what drove me to try the ASUS). However, ASUS could learn a thing or two from Apple Customer Care.I have read other reviews regarding this LCD issue but ASUS was adamant that I caused too much force and that's what broke the screen. Again, my advice is if you haven't bought one, don't until they fix the LCD issue. If you have bought one, handle it like you would an egg and strongly consider buying some type of a warranty that covers screen cracking.I honestly think there should be a recall or some type of a warranty on these LCD's. I am convinced there is a design flaw or faulty parts involved. Does anyone know how we go about having someone look into doing something like this? Is there an online site or an address to mail to where we could make a request that this be looked at?UPDATE AFTER REPAIR - So, I sent the tablet in for repair after being told they could test it to see what caused it to crack. I told them that was great because I knew I didn't anything more than normal pressure on it. Well, I got an email back saying I broke it (Customer Induced Damage). I called to find out how their tests concluded that when I knew better. I was then told that they didn't have a way of testing it but that it was certified during original testing to withstand 50kg (110 lbs). So, for anyone reading this, take comfort - your TF300 (according to ASUS) will withstand 110 lbs of pressure on the LCD without breaking. I can promise you that is not true. I wouldn't be comfortable with it withstanding 10 lbs of pressure....I know mine didn't.Anyway, they won't budge. They just keep saying it was my fault. In all fairness, the lady I dealt with was being as nice as she could be. She didn't have final say and she can't help that her company doesn't care about the customer. I am sure she needs the job so she isn't going to do anything to risk it. So, I pay the ransom to get my tablet back. It arrives and I turn it on to test it out. After a short while, I find out the screen does not respond to touch on the narrow edge near the headphone jack. I was using an application in protrait mode and the icon to close the app was located on the bottom edge. When I touched the icon, nothing happened. I then tried out more apps and more icons on the botton edge and it doesn't work. I can rotate it so the top edge becomes the botton edge and the icons then respond to touch.So, my nightmare with Asus and their poor products, poor quality and poor customer service continues. For everyone loving theirs, my only hope is that you never have a problem because at that point, you will regret the day you ever trusted this company with your money. I will report back when I know more.
asus-transformer|I picked this tablet up on Saturday and couldn't wait to get it home and have some fun. After waiting patiently for several months for this to be released. This model is replacing the original Transformer the TF101 and not the TF201 Transformer Prime even though some say they took what was wrong with the TF201 Transformer prime and fixed it for this model. I think of this tablet as a hybrid of the prior 2 tablets. The repalcement for the Transformer Prime is coming out later this year and will be the TF700 Infinity Pad. I will first go into the pro's of this unit in no certain order, and it is possible that a Pro can also be a con.PROS:Keeps the slim profile of the Transformer Prime and the 10 in screen and connection capabilities of both.Plastic body instead of all-metal chassis. Some will see that as a con, but, I don't becaue it allows the wi-fi to have a better reach and stronger signal with no GPS issues.Nvidia Tegra 3 quad core processor which also comes with a bonus core to do low level tasks such as email to help with battery life.DDR3 Ram with 10 inch IPS LCD 1280x800 screen with bluetooth and WiFi.Weight. The tablet only weighs 1.3 pounds.Sofware. This comes with ICS right out of the box, and updated immediately with a minor update once activated. Asus is the king of updates so you know you will get updates before everyone else. Cough...cough Samsung. I belive this will be one of the first tablets to get Jelly Bean once it's made available. Also Asus does not load this tablet down with too much bloatware, and no skins. You get a very close vanilla android experience, which is what most people prefer.Benchmarks. The benchmarks are off the charts on all test that I ran, and comes close to the Transformer Prime scores.Power Modes. Asus provides 3 modes. Power save mode, balance, and Performance mode. This takes advantage of the 4 plus 1 design of the Tegra 3 processor, with a 5th core that engages druing periods of low processor activity. So, you can change the tablet to power save mode while travelling or doing low level tasks that does not require all of the processor as say playing a game.Nvidias Tegra Zone. On Tegra only devices you get acces to tegra optimized games that you will not normally find in the Google Play Store.Camera/Video. It is by far not the best camera, but, is better than most other tablets I have used, and since most people do not use thier tablet for pictures, I do no think it will be a issue.Pricing, at $349 for the 16GB and $399 for the 32GB Asus came out swinging with top of the line features at a budget price. The closest competitior right now with a Tegra 3 would be the new Acer Iconia Tab A510, but at $70 more for the base model and $50 more for the 32GB.Dock. This is one of the real beauties of the Transformer is the capability to add a dock for $149 transforming your tablet into a netbook increasing the battery life also. By making a dock the Transfomer does allow for longer emails and it is now possible to get some work done using your tablet, and it does act as a screen protector when it is closed. You can also add a bluetooth mouse and you get a full-sized SD card slot along with the tablets MicroSD card slot. The dock will also act as a second battery that charges the tablet while attached and you can charge both through a single cable when the tablet is inserted.As you can tell, there are a lot of pros about this tablet on paper, but do the specs on paper match real life use. We will see with my review below.After only a few hours of setting it up just the way I wanted, and downloading all my apps, the tablet started randomly rebooting. I though ok, just a minor hiccup and something to keep my eye on, but then the browser kept randomly closing and locking up. When it would lock up a little menu would appear and ask me if I would like to wait or close, I typically pressed wait and after a few seconds it would start back up again. I tried several different browsers from the google play store thinking it might just be the stock launcher, and I found it to do the same thing.I also found the app market very slow to load also, which should not be happening on a tablet with these specs. My Epic 4g Touch never has this issue, and neither does my Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 or 7.0 or Ipad 2. I also found the screen to be washed out, especially in the app market. It was difficult to read text. Also, when scrolling up and down the text and pictures would get reall blurry and then you would have to wait for the screen to catch up and the text and pictures get clear. I also had issues trying to scroll up and down, once again, not very responsive.I often found myself having to touch the screen repeadly to register my selections, it felt like I was touching pure plastic and I often had to touch the screen 3 or 4 times to get it to register my touch. Which was also a knock on previous models. Asus definitely cut corners on this model and the Prime TF201 is a much better tablet as long as you get the newer models that were made. You also have to keep it on full brightness or the screen gets to dark to use, and at full brightness it makes the screen even more washed out.If this was only $249 I could have lived with these issues, but at this price point you are better off with the Galaxy Tab 10.1 or their new model coming out in a few Weeks. I also found the overall build quality to be very cheap and if you press on the back to hard you can see the screen bleed, so you might want to be very careful if you carry this in a backpack especially with no gorilla glass.It is possible the model I got was defective because Asus has always had very suspect quality control, and there are other reviews out there stating very similar issues. So, maybe there are great tables out there, and some that are not, but, it would be hard to recommend this tablet and have to return it 2 or 3 times to find one that works great when there are other options out there such as the new Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 that will be available for pre-order on May 4th and unless they change the release date should be May 15.I had decided to return the tablet but instead decided to do several factory hard resets and try again. I did notice now the tablet runs a little bit smoother, but, every now and then when you open a app or the browser it will lock up and give you the option to wait or close, especially when performing mulitple tasks like downloading 3 or 4 apps and surfing the web. Once again, with the specs of this tablet, that should not be a issue, but, I will give it a few more days and see if it gets better or if Asus states there is a known issue with a fix on the way. the bottom line is when the tablet works, it works great but the periods of sluggishness can be frustrating.
asus-transformer|This is Hands Down the best deal on a Tablet EVER!!!!!TEGRA 3 - CheckAndroid Ice Cream Sandwich - CheckExpandable Drive space - CheckKeyboard Dock - CheckPrice Point vs New iPad - Check, Check, CHEEEEEEECCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKKKKKCompetition - Only it's Siblings.....Hahahahahahahahahahaha
asus-transformer|I've got a lot to learn about how to use a tablet, but, so far, all is going well. Had some minor difficulty in learning how to download and install apps, but it was short lived. I'm 70 years old, so, if I can do it, anyone else can.
asus-transformer|Purchased this item at a retail store a few months back. So far its been serviced 4 times. Touchscreen was unresponsive the first time, power button and rebooting issues the other times. It will probably be going back for the 5th and final time for more touchscreen issues....it seems to like to touch itself.Reading some of these reviews tells me these problems are quite common. After this experience I'll be staying away from Asus products for awhile...or forever.Disappointed with the product, disappointed with the brand.
asus-transformer|After looking for nearly a year at different tablets I was excited about getting the TF300. The tablet worked fine for a few weeks. I had a simple question that took ASUS three days to respond to. Then my HDMI port got a short. I now have to twist and hold the cable to get the signal. I emailed their customer service for a repair ticket 5 days ago and am still waiting. Two stars for the decent tablet and no stars for no-customer-service.Update: after waiting 7 days for a response to my email, I finally called the customer support. While ASUS is willing to make the repairs, I have to pay the shipping to their repair facility. This doesn't sit well with me, especially for a product that is less than 2 months old. Companies like Canon will provide a pre-paid shipping label when I've dealt with them in the past. I would think a reputable company like ASUS would do the same which is why I paid a higher price than for one of the cheap knock-off brands.Update 10/25/12: Sent in the tablet and it needs a complete main board replacement! This is a major repair to a two month old tablet that will be done in the back of a shop instead of the clean room factory environment. I contacted ASUS to request replacement instead as the tablet will no longer be the same after such a major repair. It doesn't even make sense cost wise to as the tablet retails for $350.00. I can't imagine their cost is more than half of that. What does it cost to replace a main board in a repair center? Needless to say they refused. I now have a refurbished tablet that cost retail plus shipping. If an additional problem crops up (much more likely after this type of repair) I'll be out another shipping charge to send it in. I will never buy ASUS again.
asus-transformer|It keeps turning off. It's scary, I would spend the extra 200 and get the apple. The battery is full, but the thing keeps turning off. I did some research online and apparently a lot of people had this same issue.
asus-transformer|I really liked it, and had formerly a TF101, but there is no comparison with this, I really recommend it
asus-transformer|Ideal gift for my 13 year old son, educational and entertaining. Reasonably cost, light weight, compact and most of all my son loves it
asus-transformer|Good performance for price range, battery life seems shorter than expected. The ON/OFF botton was faulty on my unit and had to send it to ASUS, Happy about the warranty but still waiting to hear if they will repair or replace the unit.
asus-transformer|I did a lot of research prior to purchasing a tablet, and I have been very pleased with the performance of this ASUS tablet. It is fast and pretty smooth in operation. As others have noted, the sound could be better, but for the price point, I can't complain. Besides, I didn't buy this tablet for playing music, so it isn't a big deal to me. There are quite a few included widgets that are very useful and, of course, the Android app store has more than you would ever need in your lifetime. The battery life is pretty good and overall performance of this tablet has been far better than I expected from it. I am very happy with this purchase and I would certainly recommend this product to others. ASUS has made a follower out of me.
asus-transformer|This tablet is great. I'm not going to get into a deep technical review but I will just say that anyone looking for a good tablet and doesn't want to give in to Apple hype, this is a great buy. Ipads are so overrated..,
asus-transformer|Bought as a present fpr my wife and she loves it! This product is exactly what she wanted and more, she retrieves her e-mail, messages,composes articles, and best of all this thing has more and more games!!!
asus-transformer|I ordered this tablet because I was looking for an Android option, I'd had good experiences with ASUS, and it seemed to have good features for the money. I'll leave it to other reviewers to give detailed pros and cons but I want to say that I've had this tablet for about 7 months now and I'm still enjoying it. There are relatively frequent updates for this device so if you read an old review about something not working, check to see if that has been fixed in an update.
asus-transformer|I love it it is one of the best tablets I have ever had. I would recommend to my friends
asus-transformer|My first tablet ever and I love it! I does everything and very fast and the convenience of adding a keyboard is great!
asus-transformer|I purchased this used/refurbished and it has been excellent. The tablet arrived looking brand new and the battery life is amazing! I purchased a used dock with it and have not even turned on my laptop once since receiving this combo. I have downloaded books, movies, and tons of free apps. I can't think of anything negative to say about it other than I hate having to clean fingerprints off the screen (even with a screen protector)! :)
asus-transformer|Bought this for the wife and she really likes it. I have another brand and can say that this one is very nice. The speed of the processor was a let down. Was hoping it was a little bit better.
asus-transformer|My son is happy with this tablet. he is enjoying it a lot, specially when he does not to have to study and does his homework.
asus-transformer|The device shipped with Jelly Bean rather than Ice Cream Sandwich. I would have liked to root the tablet, but a root exploit is only available for ICS on this device. I could unlock the bootloader, but that would void the warranty. I planned to update it to Jelly Bean and try to preserve root access after rooting it.
asus-transformer|Have had it a few months now,it did an auto update and screwed it up totally. After this auto update when I would select the browser it would load and the second my selection web page fully loaded it would pop back to the dest top /or main screen.Tech on the phone over an hour, his resolusion was to restore to factory settings loosing my saved stuff. So with this issue and affraid of allowing any type of up grade/update, not worth the money.I had high hopes for this item as it came highly recomended from a guy that has done PC work for me. Guess it holds ture you get a lemon if it's built on a Friday or Monday ......Really planned on testing this myself and buying a few for family members I'll change game plans I guess. Best of luck to all, hope this helps some. And one other thing I've used PC's now for about 20 years and this 4.0 Google Icecream is a little tuff to understand and get working.
asus-transformer|IIt's a fun gadget, but it's not as convenient as internet phone. Only place provided with Wi-Fi. Otherwise, you need to download a lot of stuff before you carrys it out for fun.
asus-transformer|first ab increible flash size 27,80 gbA excelent cameraThe hdmi ports work very wellThe music sistem very good and clearThe tablet works quicklyThe tablet responds very good with games hdBut the tablet dont come with earphonesGOOD BUY IT NOW
asus-transformer|Bought this back in November and was so happy with all the reviews, but plain and to the point, it restarts for no reason. Aside from it crashing mid apps loading or closing, it is a great tablet. It feels great, it runs fast, at least it boots up quickly. Honestly, it was a huge let down though for it being a Christmas present and to see that my wife can't enjoy it, that isn't fair at all. I read the forums, searched the web, been trouble shooting for 8 hrs now trying to fix this and I am frustrated. I will asking for a replacement or maybe not deal with this product. I am a huge fan of Asus, I've never had a problem with their products, but seeing that a lot of these have glitch issues, now that I am looking for solutions, and that these glitches aren't fixable is scary. Hopefully I get good news, don't feel like calling tonight, will contact Amazon tomorrow.
asus-transformer|I purchased 2 of these tabs....the first would not charge so I returned it and bought number 2. This one had a mind of it's own, it would change from one app to another without touching it. I could even just move my hand over the screen about an inch above it and it would start scrolling all up and down without stopping. I just order a Xoom, hope it's better then the Asus.
asus-transformer|The TF300 looks great on paper with its many features and the ability to add on a portable keyboard. However, my experience seems to have differed from others. The tablet had a number of issues that made it less than useful on trips. The tablet does look good with a very bright display. It handles well and is easy to carry or yield when looking at content onscreen. On the negative side, there were a number of issues. Wifi connection was often subpar when compared to other devices including my Droid X smartphone. My smartphone had better wifi connections than the TF300 did using different Wifi connections. Many Android apps (not the fault of the tablet but still a consideration) were slow to boot, crashed or stalled, and its often hard to discern what apps work with tablets. Again this is more a negative for Android OS apps but can be factor with this tablet. Another problem is with the power connector. The cable is very flimsy with the connect weak when connected. I did not have any overheating problems with my unit but apparently other owners have reported AC adapter problems.Perhaps I am simply trying to use the tablet with expectations of a more powerful device. However, many tasks that I wanted to use with the tablet are easily replicable on a smartphone. At least in my experience, I found the tablet to be troublesome with its WiFi connections be unreliable with some Wifi connections. I later discovered that the tablet does work better with certain routers and Wifi setups but this can be problematic if one travels and has no choice in the WiFi choice.
asus-transformer|I bought the transformer tf300t in July 2012. As others have said, web browsing is a little buggy and I have four different browsers installed and web pages often work in one but not another. This being my first tablet, I cannot comment if this is a common issue across all brands.Otherwise, its a useful device, though no Android support for flash based video is a serious limitation.In November 2012, the device began to bring up the power off dialogue box and reboot itself when handled. Works fine when propped on the desk in its case. I did some searching and found this to be a very common hardware problem with the power switch being so sensitive that touching the upper left corner of the device caused it to turn off. Seriously annoying!I am sending it back to Asus support today and will update this after it is fixed.Update: I received the tablet back from Asus after about a week. Issue seems fixed. I have changed my rating from one to three stars assuming the problem does not resurface. I believe it should never have happened in the first place though, so won't give the device any higher ratings.You can find the thread about random rebooting at transformerforums.
asus-transformer|How about this for a dilemma?I bought an Asus Transformer TF300T tablet in October 2012 from John Lewis. Whilst on holiday the touch screen was cracked when I opened it up. It was operating normally when I closed it from the previous session. The crack making the device inoperable. I returned the tablet to John Lewis who reviewed it with Asus who say that it must have been impacted and the crack is not due to a manufacturing or design fault but the result of an accident so will not repair under warranty. When I then try to claim for repair on my AXA household insurance they denied liability as the crack occurred spontaneously it was not an accident so is not covered. The manufacturers say it was an accident and AXA say it was not.A Google search shows up several forums where this spontaneously cracking screen problem seems to occur frequently with the Asus Transformer TF300T. I even saw a comparison site with a video clip showing the screen on a Asus Transformer TF300T simply crack with no load being applied to it whilst being demonstrated!!I will not be buying Asus again
asus-transformer|I have owned several Asus products over the past few years and until this purchase have always been pleased the technology and value. The tablet &#34;bricked&#34; itself after an over the air update from Asus. Initial customer support provided an RMA number and it was returned with description of what happened. After that I never heard from them again, always having to contact them myself for updates. They claim the tablet was &#34;jail broken&#34; and refuse to fix it under warranty. The technicians and tech support are not very knowledgeable and have no authority to help you. The problem has been escalated, but again the same story. It seems the company's policy is to save money by providing minimal tech support and not honouring their warranties.If you're willing to take your chances, it is a decent product at a decent price. But don't expect a warranty or support.
asus-transformer|This tablet has a lot of problems. Sent back to Asus two times because it would not turn on after recharging. Now i have to send it back because it reboots every 10 min for no apparent reason. Stay away from such products.Save yourself money, time and frustration.
asus-transformer|Bought an Asus TF300 for my son. I used it extensively as it is a great tablet PC with fantastic functionality, speed, software, etc. Unfortunately, after 4 months, the screen stopped sensing touch input. Then the glass cracked. I blamed my son initially. Sent it to a PC repair firm in San Diego. I have learned since through forums and talking to the repair technicians that this is a common problem with the TF300's. Asus does not repair them. The repair shops have great difficulty finding digitizer screens to replace them with. They have several of these tablets in their shop and can't get digitizers for them. I've been without the tablet for 2 months now. I'll never hear the end of it from my wife, the Apple lover. I know it's going to cost me about 200 bucks to get the thing fixed, if they can fix it at all. I would highly recommend not buying an Asus product.
asus-transformer|I have this tablet for over 3 months and poked around with almost every feature. For what is it worth, it is NOT worth it, and deserves 2 stars. It may have a quadcore, lots of ram, and a nice GPU in it, but all this hardware is useless because Jelly Bean cannot utilize the hardware very well. I do not like it. There are many ugly Apps that do not work well. There are not enough tablet optimized Apps, but many stretched out phone Apps... Jelly Bean is slow and not very responsive while multi-tasking. There is no way to end-task completely. I have no idea why there are so many stock Apps running in the background. If they are critical to the OS, then these Apps should be hidden. When I end-task on some Apps, they relaunch at same state. Cold reboot is the only way to close all the Apps completely. The Jelly Bean OS don't have well control over the running Apps. The browsers are not very responsive too. Some pages are distorted. I have tried the stock browser, Chrome, Dolphin, and Opera. They are all terrible. I cannot even play MP3 in the background without causing serious browser lags on some pages. Compared to Safari on iOS, these browsers are all FAR behind! They do not immediately start scrolling when touched like on safari, there is a slight annoying delay, and when you zoom in and out, there is rendering lag. The scrolling do not bounce naturally, they just kind of slide... Developers need to understand that the browser IS the most important App on tablets. There are light bleeds on every corner of the screen too, I don't really mind this, but it bleeds much more than my iPad 2, so I just have to mention it. My iPad 2 is fast, reliable, great looking Apps, and very responsive to EVERYTHING. Why can't this TF300 be like that? I don't understand. For $400, I expect the BEST and nothing less, period. When compared to other Android tablets, this one was supposed to be the best. I have little hopes for the other Android tablet at this point. Anyways, in conclusion, Android tablet sucks.
asus-transformer|I owned this the Asus Transformer Pad TF300 for 28 days before I had to return it. I was quite disappointed, because overall I loved this little tablet.Without a good reason, the screen broke, with a U-shaped, single crack in the middle of it. I don't know what caused the crack, since the week prior to the tablet's sudden demise it wasn't dropped, exposed to heat, or wasn't sat upon (except maybe the cat sat on it when I wasn't looking). Maybe the case warped somehow (a sort of torque-twist might have caused that strange crack), but it wasn't treated harshly in any way.
asus-transformer|PRO: great value and works well. Be sure to charge at least 6 hrs prior to first use.CON: need more accessories. No Gorilla Glass..may need to get a screen protector to prevent scratches.
asus-transformer|Just got it a couple days ago, i'm playing with the tf300, at the begining i was happy for the response, but after the first day of use the web broswer didn't response right away, and i told myself this baby has a tegra 3, shouldn't be doing this and no mention the screen problems like moving up and down or the flick left side and debating to keep or returning to amazon
asus-transformer|First, let me start by saying that there are not enough stars to rate this device WHEN IT WAS RUNNING ICS (Ice Cream Sandwich). For all intents and purposes it's near flawless.Now, let me continue by saying that one star is way too many rate this device NOW THAT JELLY BEAN was pushed to it.Jelly Bean has issues connecting to 802.1x networks (i.e.: large offices or colleges). Just use the search engine (that developed Android) and search for `Jelly Bean 802.1' and start reading (get a drink and some chow cause you going to be there for a while). Also when the tablet wakes up from suspend mode, the wifi connection speed is significantly less. Example: tablet running at 52 mbs, after putting the tablet in to suspend mode then waking it up the connection speed is 5 mbs. The noted internet work around is to go in to settings > wifi > forget the network, the reenter the network password - volia 52 mbs (unfortunately you need to do this each time you suspend the device). Being a network tech, and having run 2 of these side by side, you can see the difference in the wifi connection speeds.If you are going to use this tablet at home with Jelly Bean it's probably livable, you can stop reading and save some time.The REAL issue is that ASUS is FORCING users to upgrade (and there is no downgrade option unless you root the device and void your warranty).After 5 calls to ASUS support:call 1: you can downgrade,call 2: we apologize there is no downgrade option,call 3: supervisor set up RMA,call 4: called to discuss rma, got another supervisor. He admits that they probably will not be able to duplicate this as they do not have an 802.1 network in their rma facility in Grapevine TX. He does state that if it connects to wifi there they would just send it back. I quickly point out that I know it connects to WEP / WPA2 - I want this to function like ICS. Note: here the interesting part, he states if you got one that had ICS you could disable the update. So off I go to the local store to get ANOTHER TF300T. I get home set it up and the first thing it does is try to upgrade to JB !!!call 5: another super visor, we apologize the is no option to disable the software push.Now lets examine that: Imagine if that large software company in Redmond Washington, just pushed Vista to all the XP users, or pushed out Win 8 to all the Win 7 users - lawsuits would be filed the first day. Imagine if HP just `pushed' patches to all the users of its server regardless of the consequences, again I believe there would be lawsuits. When I asked the supervisor about this and where legally did they have the right to change a device that I paid for, his reply was `that the way the developers wrote it'.As of now one device went back to the local store... the other has ICS that keeps prompting to accept the JB update (every 5 min - interrupting whatever you are doing). Asus' answer to this is to stop the CMclient and the DMclient which stop the prompts, I refer to this as the BM solution (as in bowel movement).Lastly, I'm not blaming ASUS for a flaw in JB, which lies with the JB developers. I am blaming ASUS for NOT GIVING THEIR CUSTOMERS A CHOICE TO UPGRADE OR NOT, AND TO ROLLBACK TO ICS. This tablet was purchased because of Asus' reputation for standing behind their products. After 5 calls they admit they do not have a customer service department, only a tech support department. If you are buying this with ANY intention of using it in your job or school CHECK FIRST because you may want to consider a device from a manufacturer that a:) allows you to rollback or b:) gives you the option of upgrading or just sticking with ICS.
asus-transformer|Got this and the keyboard for it on the Amazon refurbed site. works great. My first tab and I wanted to make sure I got quick updates. So I fot an Asus. Light (for a large tab) and easy to use. Love it!
asus-transformer|i am highly disappointed with this product! i received it approximately on June 10th 2012 and on August 19th 2012 it just refused to turn on, Up to this day it just blank! Need some help here AMAZON !!!!!!!!!!!
asus-transformer|***UPDATE*** Sad to say Im going to have to drop my rating from 2 stars to 1 for the time being.......I got my replacement in from amazon, fast and hassle-free like always. Round 2 for this tablet was looking good. Hardware was working perfectly, no glitching at all. Then about barely 2 months into my second tablet the power button wants to break on me!!!! So it will turn on and off as it pleases. and it sticks often so it will constantly want to hard reset itself and kill the battery. And i have not been constantly using it, so i can rule out heavy use. And i take care of it like i do any of my electronics.Its frustrating at this point in time of my life right now, ive been so busy i havent had a time to file an RMA.... let alone update this review. I will give Asus one more chance, gonna give them the benefit of the doubt that i just have horrible luck and its not their product.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~I believe Asus is a very great company, they make awesome quality computer parts, I'm even using their MoBo! So when I decided to buy a tablet I was very confident they would've done an amazing job. I bought 2 tablets, one for me and one for my girlfriend. (I know, I know. the Transformer TF700 just came out but I was on a budget here, and the TF300 was an awesome deal lol) When I received my white one (she got the blue)I was excited! I quickly inspected the tablet and started the set-up, then proceeded to start personalizing my new toy. Loved the feeling and sturdiness of the tablet, software was great, overall I would've given this tablet 5 stars. About 4 days after I got it was the first time it threw a "fit". The tablet wouldn't register my actions, I couldn't even unlock my screen for about 10 min, then I worked fine for the next 2 day. I thought it was a one time thing, I was wrong. It started acting up more frequently, even registering touches on the screen as if I was touching it when I wasn't. VERY irriating when trying to read a book or watch a movie it would click random things. Til now its a hit or miss just taking it outta sleep mode. While this is going on my girlfriend receives hers and not even a hiccup. I researched it online and I've read reviews and forum threads that some have a hardware defect that messes with the touchscreen response. So it was 50/50. I got a defective one, and my girlfriend got a good one (lucky her). I filed for a replacement, when i get the new one i will see how lucky i am and update this. Sadly, for now it will have to stay at 2 stars
asus-transformer|Is a good tablet, its fast, good sound, light weight. In addition to the known problems with applications not designed for Android, sometimes it freezes without reason and the touchscreen click itself.
asus-transformer|This tablet has received good reviews from experts and from customers but I'm returning it because: I spent a couple of frustrating hours trying to set up the tablet using only the touchsreen (did not order the keyboard initially). Both tapping and/or pressing on text fields on a web page or on the tablet setup screens often failed -- the sceen would not accept my input. Sometimes the tablet would mysteriosly bounce the cursor to a different position on the page so that it became impossible to correct wrong characters or choose another field. The onscreen keyboard has limited keys, including no Tab key! Another issue is that the icecream 4.0 o/s on this tablet only permits google email setup. I tried to find online support to find a method to set up a different email program but apparently that capability only existed on earlier versions. Plus the only technical support for this product is a user forum -- Asus does not provide technical support either online or by phone. Hated the experience! In fact, I'm changing my initial rating from 3 stars to 2, because writing this review reminds me how unpleasant this whole out-of-the-box, plug-and-NOT-play experience has been.Additional note: the color choices on Amazon are Blue or White and I ordered Blue; however, the tablet delivered to me is Black. Not sure if the mistake is Amazon's or the shipper.Update: I purchased an iPad 2 and am very happy with it: The out-of-the-box set up experience with Apple is great, easy, up and going, just like you expect; the Android Asus Transformer doesn't come close in comparison. And, the difference in performance of the touchscreen in the iPad compared to the Asus Transformer is night and day: The iPad touch is responsive, easy, and awesome -- just a great screen!
asus-transformer|MY FIRST TABLET EVER AND I CONSIDER THIS TABLET THE BEST..........(STRICTLY MY OPINION BUT I AM WAYYYY TO EXCITED TO THIS TABLET,This has google android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwhich,THE PERFORMANCE OF THIS TABLET IS SKYROCKET,REALLY REALLY NICE super fast,please read carefully the details of this table before you purchase.........it has build in 32 gb capacity and I bought a extra 32gb MICRO SD CARD to make double space(is cheap so look around here in amamzon),brings bluetooh,wifi,speakers,BUILD IN MICRO-PHONE.DUAL CAMERA FRONT IS 3 MEGAPIXEL AND BACK IS 8MEGAPIXEL,charge can hold for very very long time,built in sensor so it lights up under darker environments automatically,3.5mm headphone jack,HDMI port but YOU NEED TO BUY THE CABLE SEPARATELY IF YOU WANT TO CONNECT TO HDTV OR OTHER HDMI PORTS(same look around here and you will actually find BUNDLES WITH SCREEN PROTECTORS,THE CABLE,CARRY CASE,ECT).......VERY NICE QUALITY BULIT TABLET...............I ALMOST FORGOT TO MENTION SOUND QUALITY-IS VERY NICE CRYSTAL CLEAR HD SOUND NO CHEAP OR BUGGY SOUND..............also NO RJ-45 port,only wireless internet only....Now I will write some comments based on OTHER people negative comments on this tablet.........1-There were some people that said that this tables feels cheap,THIS IS NOT SOME TO EXAGGERATED ABOUT COMPARE TO TABLETS THAT COST $100 or less, I WOULD SAY A BIG NOOOOOOOOO WAYYYYYYYYYY NOT EVEN NEAR THIS IS VERY VERY GOOD ENOUGH,IT HAS A SECURE GRIP SO IT WONT EASLY SLIDE OF YOUR FINGERS BY ACCIDENT DOES NOT FEEL CHEAP AS SOME PEOPLE SAY BEFORE I PURCHASE THIS TABLET,THIS WAS THE BEST DECISION I EVER MADE........PEOPLE PLEASE DONT EXAGGERATE.2-THE WIFI IN THIS TABLET IS VERY VERY SECURE AND NOT FADE AWAY OR GOES AWAY COMPARE TO A TF200(I NEVER OWN OR TOUCH ONE BUT WAYYYY TO MANY PEOPLE SAY THAT,THAT TABLET HAS BAD WIFI OR THE ONES THEY RECEIVE,THIS TF300 HAS PERFECT WIFI,NO FADE AWAY AND VERY FAST RANGE/RESPONSE TIME..........THIS IS THE NEW TF300 TABLET SO ASUS DID A IMPRESSIVE WORK TO THIS TABLET.......3-my last comment so i dont make this too long is that FOR THE PREVIOUS PEOPLE THAT HAD/HAVE this tablet,when you DOWNLOAD A PROGRAM FROM ANDROID MARKETPLACE,if it CRASHES OR SHUTS DOWN,PLEASE GO TO THE MARKETPLACE AND (UPDATE) THE PROGRAM TO FIX THE CRASHING/SHUTING DOWN APP, AS WELL AS DOWNLOAD ANY UPDATE THAT ASUS puts in the tablet once you connect to wifi(UPDATE AS WELL)SO THE TABLET CAN RUN SMOTTHER AND EVEN NEW FEATURES GETS INCLUDED IN THE ASUS UPDATE LIKE FACE UNLOCK,ECT so please keep this in mind and I HAVE YET TO ENCOUNTER THIS PROBLEM...........I love this tablet and VERY GOOD WORK ASUS TO MAKE THIS TABLET..............thanks everyone for reading my review.
asus-transformer|I purchased my new TF300 two weeks ago. I even bought the docking station which is now I am finding was a smart move because the Tablet will NOT charge with just the Asus charger alone. If I plug the charger into the docking station and then the tablet into the docking station they will both charge. If I place the charger just into the tablet it will not charge. I notified Asus immediately and got a generic response. I went on their "LIVE CHAT"...what a joke. I stayed there forever and no one ever helped me. Now what? I guess I will be sitting here wishing I bought an iPAD. I love Android though so hopefully Asus will eventually help me. I will keep you posted here on Amazon.
asus-transformer|This is my first tablet so I am unable to compare it to the iPad or other tablets. This is also my first Android device (phone is Blackberry and desktop is Windows)so I am a real "newbie" to this technology. The device arrived in perfect condition. There are excellent tutorials available on the web (e.g.,[...])both written and video. One of the first things that I did was to change the device settings to "unlock" the device, keep the device on longer without any activity, and make the screen brighter. The system defaults on Android 4.0 could be set a little more "user friendly" right out of the box. I have had this tablet for just a week and I am very impressed with the power and sophistication encompassed in a device at this price.
asus-transformer|It arrived to me DOA. No juice in the battery at all, I have left it charging for 8 hours, still nothing. No power or start up. What is this Asus?
asus-transformer|Be aware, I am not sure if I am the only one or not. I bought this from Amazon.com, not a 3rd party merchant.Product arrived in a sealed wrap. However when I opened the unit, the accessory and manuals had fingerprint over them.The unit itself was in original wrapping but it seems out of place. Feels like someone had resealed it as it was not a snug fit. Battery was about 2% remaining when I received it, quite abnormal for electronic item.Lastly, the serial number sticker is peeling off, this is before I did anything with it.If I wanted an used unit then I would have ordered used.----------------------------surprised that most apps work with this. I guess that's the unification of ics between tab/phone. the default launcher is just okay, you might as well install go launcher and go keyboard to make your life easier though. root is easy to obtain, look up xda tf300 on google for instructions. too bad there are no automated debloater available yet, so you will pretty much have to uninstall by titanium.one thing that seems to be strange is that "automatic brightness" is always the lowest possible setting. could be defective optical sensor, even after newest firmware update has no impact on this.
asus-transformer|This tablet is the slowest tablet I have ever used. For the money, buy a nexus 7, iPad or any a Windows RT tablet. Google still hasn't cracked the code on a ten inch tablet. The stock Google skin in my opinion is god awfully ugly. This tablet lags every time I use any web browser, sometimes is completely unbearable. Games frequently have lag issues and things constantly crash in the OS. The problems with this tablet are probably more related to ASUS because the Galaxy Note 10.1 works much better. I absolutely recommend that you do not buy this tablet unless you like a laggy and ugly experience.
asus-transformer|The best tablet for the price! I'm from Ecuador an i bought this tablet 3 weeks ago the shipping was perfect no problem with that. Used to own a iconia a500 so i kind of miss the usb port but other than that is a great productAn advice: in configurations set the android keyboard the one that come stock is but uggly
asus-transformer|I've had my tablet for 3 days now, and I can say that I'm very pleased with it. It is very fast, no lagging, and just got the firmware update so it should be even more solid. So far I haven't notice any display issues, but I will defenetly keep it and ejoy it as much as I can.
asus-transformer|Pros: Price, clarity, speed,Cons: none so farI love this tablet especially since I got it during a price cut on Amazon! The tablet has very good clarity and excellent speed thanks to the Tegra 3 processor. Haven't had a crash/hung up system so far. touch screen sensitivity is pretty good. Sound could be a little higher, but not a biggie. As seen from other product reviews, it is kind of hard to use in broad daylight under the sun, but again not a big deal for me. Overall very satisfied with the product and amazon for an excellent service.
asus-transformer|This is my first tablet. I read up on it on CNET before buying. It is rated right up there with the IPad so I bought it and I am so glad I did. It's great fun and fast. I can do everything I do on my laptop and so many more great games!!! My laptop is now gathering dust. :-)
asus-transformer|I am old user to Apple iPad and wanted to have new Android tablet. Unfortunately this thing did'nt worked out very well for me. When I bought this toy was working fine and later I found one major issue with this Asus Transformer and that is it automatically restarts itself after every 5-8 min or if you are watching some show / Movie it restarts. I thought it might be because of some updates required and I did applied all the available updates on Asus Transformer but nothing worked out fo me and at last I have decided to send this back.
asus-transformer|Ordered it on Monday, got it on Tuesday through Prime.. awesome service from Amazon! Box came and it was packaged well, but oddly enough the plastic covering looked like someone had already opened it and packaged it.. although it was "factory sealed"!So as I tried to start it up, it was dead.. not DOA but battery wasnt charged! So I let it sit for 3 hours and finally it turned on.. everything was honkadory until the wifi kept dropping.. this happened all day long! I even did a factory reset to see if it would fix the problem.. the factory reset actually opened up more problems...1. The speakers started making weird white noises2. The screen kept flikering on and off3. There was random reboots4. There was screen lag, especially when going from home to either camera or gallery (and yes I updated the software already)5. The power button sometimes wouldn't work6. Wifi just wouldn't budge, I tested the speed test against my Galaxy Nexus7. When I restarted the tablet.. all my created playlists were resetted.. which sucks because I teach at the gym and I create playlists all the timeI ended up returning it today and buying the Toshiba Excite AT305.. sure the camera isn't that good on the Asus TF300, and sure its $42 more expensive, and the memory is only 16 vs 32, but I can deal.. Id rather have gorilla glass screen, a working WIFI, some what plastic metal casing and a lower version of ICS... I don't know Asus.. for some reason you went chincy on the material and hardware... It would be nice if they had the Infinity available but I can't wait.. and personally, if the TF300 had all these problems, I am pretty sure the Infinity might have it as well..(This was my second TF300 this week, first one I bought from BestBuy on Saturday.. returned it because Amazon offered a better price with a larger memory.. didn't really get to play with that one too much, but all I can say, is that I should have gone with my instincts when it gave me wifi problems on Sunday..)
asus-transformer|After spending many hours researching between the Transformer Prime and the New Ipad, I ended up purchasing the Asus Transformer TF300 due to the lack of WIFI connection on the Prime. Further this product also kept me on the Droid platform which I use for my phone.Out of the box, the tablet looked great and the plastic covering on the back was fine with me. One of the primary reasons I chose the asus over the Ipad was because of adobe flash. Little did I know that when I went to websites that utilized adobe flash the web browser would just close out of nowhere. Not every time but I would say at least 75%, if I got lucky it wouldn't happen. I would then have to go back to the home screen and initiate the browser again. Sometimes the page I was on would still be there while other times I would completely lose the page and any information I had on it. I ignored the problem for a few days but after a while it was just frustrating always having to restart the browser. I thoroughly enjoyed everything else about the tablet and I wanted to stay on the android platform but I may be soon joining my wife in the apple world. I'll trade my freedom for apps and programs that do not crash. I am not sure if this is an ice cream sandwich bug or a problem with the tablet?
asus-transformer|UPDATE 7/27/12: By far the worst purchase I have ever made. It cannot hold a charge for more than a day. If I fully charge it and then set it aside, the next day it will be dead. Android is terrible. It is laggy, it will turn itself off randomly, there is a constant delay between pressing the on button and actually seeing the lock screen, and every program crashes consistently. I wish i had gotten an iPad!!!!!! Avoid like the plague!UPDATE 5/20/12: I received a replacement unit and have had a completely different experience with it. I have had it for about 1 week and have only experienced 1 random restart. Hopefully this will continue to be the trend with it and it becomes even more stable after the firmware update. The build quality is noticeably better than the 1st unit I received, which leads me to believe I had received a unit that was rushed out of the factory. In anycase, I am now happy with my purchase and hope Asus makes sure to keep the quality consistent with what a consumer expects when making this type of purchase.-------I preordered the TF300 as soon as I saw it available on amazon. I had considered the prime but had ofcourse heard of all the connectivity issues and anticipated that the TF300 would have those issues solved. And I was right, no connectivity issues. Now its just a whole lot of other things. The list:1. Touch screen stops working. I am browsing a website and suddenly I can no longer scroll. I know its only the touch screen because I can plug it into the dock and use the cursor. The first time it happened it fixed itself after about 5 restarts. The second time I just let it sit. And currently it is sitting next to me useless because the touch screen is once again unresponsive. Unacceptable.2. "_____ has stopped working" is a common message you will see from every app you try to run. It is almost a surprise when I dont see this at least once per use of the tablet. Unacceptable.3. Camera pictures are sometimes distorted or just show green. It is annoying to hit the camera button and have to pray that the camera will initialize. When it works the pictures and video are great. But often the camera app is too slow to be useful. Unacceptable.4. Finally worst of all: Random Restarts. This will happen at anytime without warning. It occurred mostly after less than 10 minutes of streaming Pandora but i have experienced it while using the browser, playing a game, checking email, and trying to get flash to play. This tablet is without a doubt the most unreliable piece of junk I have ever used. And I wanted to like it! UNACCEPTABLEFinally, the construction does feel cheap. The plastic is textured nice but in terms of flex it cannot compare to any aluminum tablets.To any Asus Rep: Are these all software issues? Is there a fix coming? I performed the factory reset and the tablet performed great for about 3 hours and now its back to its old tricks. Why would you release such a shoddy product?!?To any potential customer: STOP! I know it looks cool and the price is amazing. But believe me, this is not worth the trouble. I dont know what your alternative is but this is not the great deal it appears to be. I thought it was and now I am sending both the Pad and dock back. You have been warned.
asus-transformer|I was very excited to receive this tablet since this was my first one. I've had it for 2 weeks now. For the record, i dont use it every day & is plugged into its charger in my room for at least 4 days out of the week.Everything was fine the first week. But this week it started turning off randomly. Since I've never had a tablet, i thought maybe it as turning off to perform updates, so i wasn't too concerned. We'd hit the power button & it would power back up.Today, on a road trip i was using it, & it powered down again. This time i couldn't turn it back on. I ended up calling ASUS & the rep walked me thru a cold boot (press the volume down button first, then the power button & hold them together til the screen comes back to life. It will go thru its motions & reboot to the desktop) I explained to the rep that at this point this was worrisome. He said if it happened again to do another cold boot. I told him if it happened again there was clearly an issue with the tablet & if i could send it back for an exchange. He said I could send it back for servicing. "SERVICING"???!!! Really, only 2 weeks old??!! I told him i didn't buy a new tablet to have it serviced after only 2 weeks. If there was another problem i wanted an "EQUIVALENT NEW IN BOX NON-DEFECTIVE" tablet. Let's see what happens over the course of our vacation & more usage. But i hope if i need to exchange, Amazon doesn't send me a "refurbished" one or tell me i need to have this one serviced. My only other "issue" is the serial #. Its a sticker by the charging port & the corners are coming up. If the sticker falls off i wont know what the serial# is. I'll have to write it down & file it for safekeeping. Cheesy. *UPDATE* I was searching on Amazon.com for a cover for this tablet earlier today & the browser crashed 6-7 times. VERY frustrating. Asus just downloaded a firmware update tonight so lets see if that fixes anything.7/7/12: After 3 weeks, several crashes, random shut downs & reboots, coupled with several reviews about how delicate the screen is, I decided to return it. Is $385 a good deal? Yes, but couple that with all the problems, and that's an EXPENSIVE risk to take. As much as I prefer Android, this experience has made me lean towards an iPad. Think I'll wait for the iPad 3. Nice try ASUS, but you've have GOT to perfect this tablet.
asus-transformer|great, even though it's only in royal blue it's a nice blue.. yeah they took out half the l.e.d's but it was not needed, if you want the FASTER clockspeed root and set it yourself, this puppy has a bad ass terga 3, great graphics! i can play bf3. starcraft and alot of others using splashtop thd, the speaker is eh.. but its a great tablet from a great company try it!
asus-transformer|I chose this product because on paper and everything that I have seen would indicate that it is a better product than the Ipad 2,, I'm waiting to prove this correct but it has been THREE DAYS SINCE I ORDERED IT AND AMAZON HAS NOT EVEN BEGUN TO SHIP IT YET!!!!!!!! I sound cranky because this is my birthday present to myself from my wife and family, but since you will not support shipping directly to my Military base as an fpo-ap address. I have to wait until it gets to my wife and then I have to wait for her to send it to me. This is bothersome!
asus-transformer|Really disapointed to learn that Asus has downgraded the TF-300 display from the TF-201. I had been looking forward to buying the TF-300 as it had all the features that that I wanted in a tablet. I understand from the reveiw that the display downgrade was due to cost reduction. The display is the primary user interface to a device and everyone wants the latest and greatest. What a pity, this could have been a great tablet
asus-transformer|I bought an Asus transformer TF300T in July of 2012, and in Nov.2012 the powercord melted the plug that goes into the tablet. I contacted Asus Corp. Reps in Calif. and was informed that if I wanted to have them evaluate my problem I would have to mail my cord to them at my expense so they could decide if their product was faulty. This leaves me with a tablet that I can't use until they do something. If they decide that their product is not at fault then I have waited two to three weeks to be informed that they won't honor their warrenty. I will NEVER buy another Asus product. ETA: You can only purchase this part directly from Asus.
asus-transformer|First of all I'm not a techy, so I really would have liked to have a hard copy of a manual. But it seems with all ASUS products you have to down load one from the website. The first tablet I brought home, had a "non responsive" touch screen so the store I bought it from had to replace it. No hassel there. I already said I wasn't a techy so naturally I had some problems/questions. I tried to contact the support staff listed on the website but just a blank screen came up. Found the customer service phone number and called it. The meaning of some words are lost when translated into another language and "customer service" and "soon" are three that have no meaning in the language of the person I was talking to. First of all my request for help on a tablet was met with a very frostly " We only help with computers at this number." I asked if he could direct my call to someone who could help me. Yes, he could do that and he will have someone call me back. Wonderful! a call back! Do you want my phone number? I have you number. (Yep he sure did!) When will they get back to me?? "Soon." You guessed it, its been 3 days now and no call. I hope ASUS has enjoyed the laughs I gave them. "LOL, she tried to use the United States/Canada tab to get tech support. And did you hear about the one the customer service rep pulled on her? The whole office laughed for 15 minutes". I have an ASUS laptop and now a tablet and think they are good products. But because the customer service is so bad I will not recommend them to anyone.
asus-transformer|It was awesome at the beginning. But yesterday I charged it overnight and it never be able to wake up again. Hard reset, soft reset has been tried, nothing was working. I checked up the forum. I am not the first one.
asus-transformer|ASUS Transformer TF300 T-B1-BL 10.1-Inch 32 GB Tablet (Blue)Before I start, note that Transformer and Transformer prime are two different families of tablets. TF300 is the second generation of Transformer family and successor of TF101. Transformer Prime family is superior in configuration than Transformer tablets. However, specifications of TF300T almost match the specs of first generation Transformer Prime devices. Therefore, they seem to offer better value for money.I bought TF300T, 32GB model back in May for $390 and when I got to lay my hands on it, at the time, it managed to create good first impressions. I owned TF101 previously and over that this tablet was much slimmer, lighter, with powerful CPU and much better sound. In August, got an OTA update to JB4.1 + a minor path from ASUS. So this tablet is upgraded to latest major stable release of Android.If this product could perform decently for the duration of its warranty period(12 months) I would have happily given it 5 stars but five months after date of purchase, following issues have surfaced:1. Phantom touches - random/wrong touch events are generated at times affecting navigational experience.2. All Browsers available like Chrome, dolfin and builtin browser app, freeze with "not responding" dialog at times.3. Speakers and microphone have stopped working suddenly thereby rendering audio, video feature/apps useless.Note that a factory rest hasn't helped with any of above. Also note that if you search ASUS support site, these are the common issues that people complain about.(must mention that I never had problems with wifi, like others though)Though the product comes with 12 months warranty the customer support that ASUS provides is pathetic and frustrating.Wondering if transformer prime has same issues; I am thinking of buying Nexus 7.The only catch is that Nexus 7 is from same manufacturer.
asus-transformer|Perhaps I just got a lemon, but I have had a lot of problems with this tablet and I've only had it for 2 weeks. There are times when an app not only freezes, but the most horrible noise possible decides to come out of it as well. You can't even change the volume or wait it out when this happens, you just have to do a forced restart. At first I just thought that it was because I had it set on eco mode, but it even in high performance mode it was still doing it. It then started to just randomly shutdown on its own even with full battery. I thought maybe i was running too many apps, but when even only a simple one like facebook was open it would do it. The battery also was not very long and would drain significantly faster than the ipad i previously owned. One of the worse features of this tablet is how dim the screen is even on max brightness. I'm very disappointed with Asus if this is really how they make their tablets, but like I said it could just be a lemon. Either way i'm returning this product ASAP.
asus-transformer|I enjoyed the tablet and its performance. However, it's glass is not up to snuff. Had a cat step on it and had a crack from one end of the screen to the other. Input went completely dead. I was going to order a replacement part, but replacement parts from reputable sellers are nigh impossible to find. Not only that, but you have to replace the LED screen as well as it is attached via adhesive. Repair costs are at least half the cost of the tablet, so take a pass on this disposable tablet.
asus-transformer|This is an awesome tablet. Powerful and has a good battery life. I always use it to take notes in my class and play games. However, after the OS get updated by JellyBean, my tablet starts to shut down (reboot) by itself. Then, I need to wait for several hours in order to turn it on back. I tried to "factory reset" and "cool boot" it and it is still has the same issue. But start from yesterday, I can't even turn on my tablet. I had my tablet for almost 2 months so it is too late for me to return it.
asus-transformer|This review is for the 16GB model.Everything worked for nearly 9 days. Then touch screen started behaving crazy. Sometimes it just won't respond. Sometimes it will behave crazy - automatically zoom in, close programs, open new programs, etc! When I did a search in web, I found many others have had similar problems. Cold boot, reset to factory default setting didn't help. Looks like this is hardware related. Waiting for the seller to authorize my return request. I hope I won't end up with more problems in getting that done.
asus-transformer|The product worked great for 2 months. Now the power doesn't seem to work. Sometimes the system says there is no battery after it was charging for several times. Other times, it shuts off for no reason. Now I can't turn it on.
asus-transformer|The tablet is good, performs very well but has some hiccups occasionally. Unfortunately the screen tends to scratch in the way which is IMHO unacceptable as for mobile device! I use it for 4 weeks now and I take really good care of it (keep the screen clean, don't use it with dirty hands etc) but no matter how hard you try it will scratch! I own other mobile device with Gorilla Glass on top and I must admit - it has less scratches that affect user experience after 1,5 year than TF300 after a month. I would pay more to see Gorilla Glass installed (yes, I know TF700 has it but doesn't have 3G modem - I bought European version TF300TG). I just regret I haven't bought "accidental damage" insurance as I would give it back damaged for full refund now. I simply disappointed as it should have scratch resistant surface but I assume is nothing but a piece of poor quality hardened glass.
asus-transformer|The ASUS Transformer is an amazing product, with high speed WI-FI, endless apps, and a sleek look. Picture quality is out standing. The size is a perfect medium betweeen a laptop and an Iphone, and its so light wieght that travel is easy!
asus-transformer|I bought this tablet after returning another from Amazon that didn't meet my needs. In a single word I can describe this device as AMAZING!It is quick to respond and was surprisingly easy to use. I especially like the crisp screen and the option to use up to a 1TB hard drive for storage of all my music, movies or whatever else I need.I'm not interested in using the dock, and the only "flaws" I see in this is that you can not charge the device while using the port for USB or other devices. This isn't a huge deal since the battery lasts a good amount of time. Esp if you easily change the speed of the unit to slow when not using high demand apps. Also the screen could be anti-glare and brighter for outside in direct sunlight.I did additional research and this one may not have the elite features of the "Prime" unit, but it also does not have the problems of that unit. The WiFi works better than my computers and it has been very stable.The only odd thing for me is that the Amazon App won't work on it, but that's not Asus' Fault.If you want power, ability, and options at a great price this is for you.
asus-transformer|was looking at ASUS TRansformer and Samsung Galaxy android 4 devices. saw alots of review complain about frequent crash. when you have so many crash among different devices using same OS, it points to stability of OS. is android 4.0 stable at all??? sorta makes me afraid to touch android device now...
asus-transformer|Bought this tablet with the keypad, which is made for the ASUS tablet. I am glad I did because it provides additional time for the tablet. The keypad discharges first so when disconnected from the keypad the tablet still has the maximum battery life. Tablet is easy to use for a non-tech person with plenty of apps. Tablet is fast and lots of memory.
asus-transformer|That was the present for my son, he is very happy. My husband has previous version, that one is much faster.Thank you.
asus-transformer|I just love my Asus! Its easy to use. It has so many functions. There is so much to do and use. Initially, to be honest, I wasn't sure how to feel about it. I was used to my husband's iPad but once I set up my home screen and downloaded some apps, I was good to go. Now, I cannot put it down. I use it to read books, watch movies, listen to music, catch up on the news, play educational games, etc.... I also love the fact that I can add memory to it although I still have a lot of memory left on the pre-installed memory card. I will definitely recommend Asus to all. One last thing, my husband wishes he could trade in his iPad for the Asus. Go Asus! Go Droid!
asus-transformer|I'm editing this review because I've discovered I was (happily) incorrect. This tablet is great. When I purchased this tablet I also purchased an microsdhc card with adapter so that I can take photo's with my Nikon D90, and transfer them to the tablet. It took me a bit to find the slot on the tablet for the micro sd card. At first I thought it didn't have one. The slot is very small and located on the left side. It works great. Now to just figure out what else I can do with this.
asus-transformer|If you want a SUPER FAST, nice looking and reliable Android tablet, Asus is definitely the way to go! Being mainly an iOS user I was very skeptical going into Android (with all the bugs, lag and other stuff I've heard about), but this tab doesn't have any issues at all! After doing some heavy gaming, web browsing, email, video watching, apps, etc. it barely slows down! This is definitely how an Android tablet should be and is definitely a great buy!
asus-transformer|This is the first time I've had to return a product to Amazon. I ordered a new ASUS TF300T pad and received a pad that was in new packaging but the product was locked with a previous users password. Looked nice and new but was useless. I tried ASUS support and that is next to useless. The manual that it comes with is mostly safety and cert pages. A little diagram on the buttons and that's it. Not helpful at all. There is a proper manual that you can download from Asus. Of course the manual might be in a file on the product!.Even trying a factory reset on the product did not work. The instructions for this are on the ASUS site but really hard to find.I have returned it and have new one coming and will post experience here. To get a refurb when I ordered new one and paid full price is very unsatisfactory.Got to say though that the return process with Amazon was easy and no trouble at all.
asus-transformer|Dont know what others are talking about, they might have got a bad batch. I bought this in May and I waited until now to review this product so I know I have tried everything there is to it. This product does not just go dead unless you have done something wrong with it. On the bad side, many of the apps do not work on this, they complain that its not compatible with the device. I am also very disappointed with NVDia, this processor is a piece of crap. I would expect it to do a lot and very fast but it hangs and is very slow. It does not shutdown like others have put it but I would not call it a highend quad core processor. This runs like its a single core processor from the 1990's.I bought this for my kid so that she can watch movies on it. Its ok if you use it just for that but dont expect this to do anything more.
asus-transformer|Replaced my Acer Iconia A500 with this. (Don't drop A500 on concrete). First impression was that I could tell it was faster than A500 it was more responsive meaning faster screen swapping...The major issue I ran into was that if I grasped the TF300 on the upper left corner near the power button the tablet would just completely shut down! I thought I must have hit the power button the first few times it happened. I contacted Asus and they said it was a manufacturer defect and to return it.
asus-transformer|The unit worked well until I bought the dock/keyboard. The first keyboard didn't work and went back to Amazon. The second keyboard damaged the tablet. After a warranty repair on the tablet the second keyboard stopped working, a week after Amazon would accept a return on it. Long story short, the tablet seems to be ok, but stay away from the keyboard/dock.
asus-transformer|Purchased one for geek kid last Christmas at his request. Later purchased another for ourselves, use it daily, love size, reliability and usefulness.
asus-transformer|This was one of the biggest mistakes I've made involving technology of any kind. Except perhaps the toaster.This tablet crashes constantly. It doesn't matter which browser I'm using (default browser, Firefox, Firefox Beta) it crashes. In retrospect, looking at other review sites, this is a common problem.I'm not sure who the people are writing reviews here, but I wonder if they work for ASUS?
asus-transformer|I had an iPad, I tried many tablet, but this one is so awesome. Especially with its keyboard Dock, this tablet introduces all the tablet to the new generation of tablet-dock style.I use it for most of my work, entertainment and for the fun of course.I always recommend it for whoever wants to own a tablet. I've grown fond of the ASUS Eee Pad series.
asus-transformer|I need your answer for the warranty, this tablet stopped working, lights up and is processed, the operating system does not start.I bought two months agoWhat should I do to the warranty?
asus-transformer|First off, very quickly, the problems with the browser will not be addressed by asus. They are hardware issues. The only way I resolved them was by unlocking my bootloader (voiding warranty) and installing a custom rom/kernel (see xda). After that, the tablet was great but for one thing.The build quality (same thing that caused the browser issues) led to it breaking from a two foot slide. didn't fall, it slid down two feet. broken lcd, fried board. and since it was nearly unusable before unlocking it, it is also now without a warranty. seven months after buying it and the dock, it's broken. repairs would cost >200, so i'm wishing I just bought samsung to begin with (or the more expensive t700).Again, the components and software are decent/good, but asus' craftmanship is wanting, and i am sad. real sad.
asus-transformer|I was planning on buying an Asus motherboard but based on my experience with this tf300 tablet, I have changed my mind. I have purchased electronic devices from amazon over the years and this is my first complaint. The tablet reboot itself several times within one hour. I did a little research on the internet and found out that a lot of tf300 owners were having the same problem and Asus is aware of this. You wonder if this company does not test its products before selling them to consumers.
asus-transformer|I was really disappointed to receive the tablet without any real start up instructions or tutorial. Though I complained, I did not really get any support from the vendor who shipped it.there should be a mini-tutorial or a better pamphlet of instructions included with the purchase. We are not all computer savvy. I need support to get to the tablet to meet its performance capabilities.The tablet itself is powerful and fun.
asus-transformer|I have gone through two tablets now in the span of 2 months; loved the tablets until the screens cracked; is made of cheap glass (actually is dangerous since it can cut your fingers); isn't covered by their "best warranty" in the business, which is actually a big crock. Apparently this happens quite a bit, not just to me. E.g., see all of the other posts before me. It's my fault even though screen was covered by the docking keyboard to protect it. Never buying anymore from Asus. Used to be good stuff; now it's cheap junky construction that has to be handled like eggshells, and even then, the screen will crack. Stay away, and get another brand that has gorilla glass or something else that can withstand normal, regular use like overnight charging or closing the cover. Someone should start a class action lawsuit to get their attention!
asus-transformer|I'm an avid android fan, I support the OS, but it really seems to be lost in translation when it comes to tablets. Previously, I owned a kindle fire which was slow, a bit clunky and unresponsive while web browsing. I thought an upgrade would be the asus transformer but that turned out to be fast, a bit clunky, unresponsive while web browsing and restarts on it's own(the most annoying feature). I can see why the ipad has the marketshare it does, the competition is lacking. When it does work it works well but it's so rare when that happens. I'm returning this product, going to get something cheap with Jellybean and hope that addresses some problems, then get a Win8 tablet for performance.
asus-transformer|I have successfully used Amazon for years, so I was very disappointed in the way Amazon handled my order for the Asus 201. After waiting 2 months and receiving minimal and somewhat cryptic emails from Amazon, I concluded they either didn't know the problems with this product or just weren't telling their customers (and Asus wasn't officially releasing any info either). Amazon's only attempt to inform their customers with booked orders were to delete the letters 'GPS' from their 'click for further technical specifications' section (no mention until much later of the significant wifi range problems).After several discussions with their order desk it was clear they didn't have any TF300 and it might be 3 to 4 weeks before they got any. All this when several local big box stores had them in stock - so I bought the 32GB.After using an iPad2 for a year, the TF300 has been both a challenge and a delight. Asus apparently didn't learn enough from their TF201 design problems so wifi range is still a problem (they did make a significant design change in the TF700). The screen is not as bright or brilliant as the TF700 or the iPad3, but to my 74 y/o eyes it looks pretty good until I go outside. I am impressed with the look, feel and 'heft' of the tablet - good quality of fit and finish. Not impressed with browser; will replace with Chrome after the next update. ICS is wonderful.
asus-transformer|I have got this tablet for a month and is happy about its versatility and performance except its camera.I brought it with me to Rome and used it to take photos and video.The pictures are bright and focused but the colors seem dull when compare with those taken from my Samsung galaxy smartphone. And the video quality is also below average especially when you move around when shooting.It comes out blurry unless you move really, really slow.But overall this still is a powerful and smooth tablet.
asus-transformer|Excellent tablet, fast, easy to use, reliable so far, lots of apps., worth the money spent...my opinion better than "The New Ipad".
asus-transformer|This tablet is my first foray into mobile devices smaller than a laptop computer. I am impressed with the features, the graphics of the screen and the allaround design of the Asus Transformer. It has taken some time to familiarize myself with the Android OS, but I'm getting the hang of it now. The only real negative I can say about it is that it crashes too much. You'd think it was a Microsoft OS the way it crashes so much. I don't know if that's normal for Droid devices or not, and it could be my fault for using WMA music files versus mp3, but when listening to music it will crash probably 2 - 3 times in a 4 - 6 hour period. Otherwise I love the thing and can't wait to pick up the keyboard down the road for added functionality.
asus-transformer|After getting to use this tablet for a while and going through two automatic firmware updates I have the following to say about it:The repeated crashes and reboots (even when I am not even running an app which happens just about every time I try to use it) have taken all the fun out of owning a new android tablet. I took to the forums in an attempt to find a solution to my issue, but the advice to update the firmware and disable the weather applet has not worked. I reset the device, but no go! Now on occasion the device does not power up and I have to force boot it by pressing both the power and volume buttons. I could not even finish reading a book with it. It crashes repeatedly that I give up using it for a while.There are many people on the forums having my issue, but the Amazon customer reviews are overwhelmingly positive. This leads me to conclude that there must be a defect that is causing this instability. At the nearly 400 bucks price, this is inexcusable. I truly regret buying this device and then missing the 30 day window to return it. What do I recommend in the face of so many users seemingly having a good experience with it? ... Buyer be aware is all I can say!P.S. I wish that I can at least exchange it in case the replacement device is more stable. If anyone can give me info on how I can go about that, I would truly appreciate it.
asus-transformer|ASUS Transformer TF300 T-B1-BL 10.1-Inch 32 GB Tablet (Blue)10 times better than IPAD or Samsung tabs. The others have so many things that just make you grumble and Asus has just rocked it out.
asus-transformer|this tablet is great. i love it. but be warned some things are not. first wifi direct connects but that is it, its not in the menu to transfer files and it does not accept incoming files this is a pain because wifi direct can transfer large files (music video) in seconds sometime quicker than USB. transferring larger files or folders from the micro sd card will fail a lot of times it just sits there with its little window open with nothing happening. some apps run faster on my galaxy s2.you will need to by a USB adaptor and a dedicated car charger as it charges on 15V. computer USB port or standard usb charger will not charge it.as for ICS it need work its slower than its predecessors on the same machine. it can hang and things can crash.for me flash 11 does not work with chrome beta but does with the standard browser.the camera is really sluggish but the quality is good in good light. does not like the indoors much though.what is great is the video rendering and playback.
asus-transformer|Received product DOA. Unable to contact Amazon regarding product so contacted ASUS regarding the fact that the tablet "appears" to turn on but the screen never actually comes up so I can't tell. Sent them an email regarding the issue. They replied back with a 'stock' answer, meaning they are just robots that work there because no one actually "read" my email to address the problem correctly. They finally replied stating that I needed to obtain an RMA# and send the item in for service. NOT! This is brand new never been used. With the repsonse I got regarding their 'stock' answer I don't have much faith in a resolution to this problem. Also, by the time I send it to them, they run a diagnostic on it, and then respond back to me my 30 day return window will have passed. Needless to say this is getting returned immediately!
asus-transformer|This tablet is incredibly fast, and very responsive. I am not disappointed in any way. I was worried that the plastic back would make this feel cheap, but it doesn't And you can't beat the price.
asus-transformer|I used to buy Asus productsd all the time. I recently bought a Zenbook. Great computer, until the power socket went bad. It took two weeks for them to get back to me with an RMA number. Had to pay for shipping, then the service center sent me an email saying they wanted me to pay for shipping back. Got it back, but had other problems. 6 weeks later, I have been able to use it for less than two of them. Their only answer is "Call and get an RMA and send it back for repair. They won't refund or replace it or send me a temporary to use.I will never buy Asus again.
asus-transformer|I purchased my Asus TF300 just over a month ago and LOVED it! I use it for my small photography business as well as my university studies but just this morning I tried to turn it on and noticed it had a small hairline crack and it's totally non functioning. I emailed Amazon this morning, maybe if they're nice and replace my lemon I'll give it five stars again because I love it! Look for an update on the customer service review as well.
asus-transformer|I gave it a shot due to the on-paper specs and the fact that I had some positive hands on time with a Transformer Prime. While the internals are nearly the same, it just doesn't compare favorably to the Prime, or to even a lot of other Android tablets I've tried. The back is plastic instead of the aluminum you'd find on a Prime or an iPad. This is good in that it helps improve antenna reception. But on the other hand, it feels cheap. On this, it's a hard plastic, and it creaks. I've used some devices where that isn't the case, so it can be done, but it just doesn't feel good here. The example I received had a speck of something underneath the glass, that I could see on light backgrounds/content. Amazon was awesome to deal with and quick to replace, but the replacement had a bright blue stick pixel near the center of the screen. It's not a super high resolution display, so the individual pixels are pretty good sized, and this was pretty noticeable. With that, I gave up on it. It's really too bad, Asus does a good job on the software end, and it screamed in the short time I had it.
asus-transformer|Asus TF300 is a great product, works perfect. The only bad thing is android does not support flash anymore, other than that (which is not the product itself) it is perfect!
asus-transformer|I just got my TF300 and would like to know how to set the clock. Also where can I get a book on how to use this Tablet. The one that came with it says nothing as to how to use it.
asus-transformer|ASUS Transformer TF300 T-B1-BL 10.1-Inch 32 GB Tablet (Blue) Exelent tablet .I love it and recomended.I had before desktop but this one I can have everywhere and use my phone internet.
asus-transformer|Just returned mine yesterday. I really liked it especially with the dock. Really awesome form factor. Great having a touch screen with a physical keyboard combination; however, I really couldn't get over the screen after using the Galaxy Nexus for so long. Color representation and pixel density are just not good enough.Performance is superb. Mind-blowing, even. I never had any hitches or lags like I used to have often with the Tegra 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1. 3D games ran fast and smooth on this tablet. Apps launched immediately, pages loaded fast. HD video played without a hitch.If you get this tablet, you MUST get the keyboard dock. I read some complaints before getting it but I tried it for myself and typed on it flawlessly. I'm 6.3 and have big hands and I didn't have a problem with the size or layout of the keys. I do prefer the right shift key to be a bit bigger though, and maybe also the arrow keys.It's a good deal, and I do recommend it if you want to get the best performance for your buck. I think I'd rather wait and pay a bit more for the Infinity, or even wait for Jellybean tablets that compare to the iPad's pixel density.
asus-transformer|I wasn't careless or turn green and go all Hulk on it. It Easily broke with extremely little effort due to it being too flexible and not rigid enough to protect the screen. I had a protective case was on it and customer care was extremely unhelpful. I also spoke with a manager and nothing was resolved. I now either have to ship it to ASUS and pay for the repair, which the CSR said would cost around $150 More or less, or buy the docking keyboard for $126 so I can again use the tablet as a laptop. I can still see everything, even with the cracks, but the touch part doesn't work. If I get the docking keyboard I can use the touchpad on it o even plug in a mouse. Luckily for me my wife's coworker knows a repair guy that might be able to fix it for much cheaper but this trouble is not worth the product. Don't buy the ASUS TF300!!!
asus-transformer|There are several things to look into before you purchase this unit. Primaraly you need to get a good understanding of Android OS ICS. Be prepared for what it can do and can not. Read several forums dedicated to Tablets for a handle on Android Ice Cream Sand which. I think you will need to be concerned with File Transfer, creating Folders and the use of File Manager on the OS. Check with and carefully review Google-Play for Apps you feel are necessary to purchase a Tablet. Your Android Phone more than likely fair well in comparison so browse Google play on a PC with a full Browser. After doing so,get to a Retail Center or use a test Android Tablet to confirm what apps will truly show up VIA Google Play. The results may be alarming as you may need a calculator to add up just how many Apps are truly developed for Phone Use only an will simply not show up for download.This Tablet runs better than PAR just not quite "Eagle". It opens all of my file types commonly used. File Transfer worked fine with Windows 7 was the "True Resolve" answering a Windows XP problem. I just happened to try and use Windows XP. Work around was to make use of the Micro SD card into a USB Chassis. The Tablet saw Windows 7 and simply allowed me to Transfer all files with tabs indicating a possible File Association problem. Check Yes and go. They will all work.Most importantly the WiFi issue still remains. The WiFi interconnect is sub par. I perfomred a true test and showed a noticeable side by side performance flaw between The ASUS and a I Pad. My unit scored a lousy 3 waves with 11 Mg thru-put while the I Pad had full Wave bars and transfer across the network was quicker. I don't have the Tech Specs on the WiFi Card in this unit but it appears to merely work but performs much weaker in general terms. I think this may be resolved with ongoing Firmware updates to address this issue. Again, this was actual test and it proved factual that WiFi issue of under performing still exists.If I see more work rounds, fixes to resolve many issues I came across I will be glad to post. I like this unit and I am not sending it back. I am optimistic that my issues can be addressed and resolved. The interesting point here is that I must address certain issues to resolve rather than simply Turn it on, make some minor tweaks and go with it.
asus-transformer|This review is only relevant if you like to surf full web pages. I bought the 10" tablet thinking it would be powerful enough for general web surfing. I find a lot of mobile formats and apps to be too limited, and I liked the idea of being able to surf while I watch tv. The 10" screen is certainly big enough for the full web pages but the page loading is slow even with a good wireless N connection.Minor annoyance: the tablet doesn't indicate that it's charging when I plug the USB cable into a powered hub, it only seems to charge when I use the wall socket attachment.
asus-transformer|I've had it for a few days now and after heavy use have only charged it once.battery has been great, I don't have the keyboard and have been very impressed by this tablet. I have done a lot of research and finally found one that I liked. It has good stats and at a great price point.The plastic is great, does not feel cheap at all and it is light in my hand. There have been reviews that the screen is too dark and the speakers are not strong enough etc... But I have not found any of that to be true. I have actually darkened the screen and the volume is fine (not great, but where it should be).No complaints right now, I have had the web browser freeze, then it will ask "wait or close" just a quick press of "wait" and no problem. Does not happen often enough for me to have an issue for me.Runs quick and I have been using it a lot more than I thought I would be.Update: Screen no longer working- it is turning on then flickers every couple of seconds...unable to use. Disappointing cause I've only had it for about 2 weeks.have submitted for return and waiting for new one...keep everyone posted...but I did love it when it was working. Just purchased bt speakers and it was a great addition to it :-)Big fan of it and will definitely recommend it. I also got it a few days earlier than expected! so high five amazon!
asus-transformer|I got this as a bank reward. I've used both an iPad2 & an Android Tablet before, so I was pleased with this tablet. But then I tried to take a video with the Camera on the back ( it has 2 cameras, 8mp on the back and a 1.2mp on the front for video-chatting), and it showed digital noise. I will exchange it and update.
asus-transformer|I been thinking of buying a tablet for a year and looked every were for a good deal and I found one here on Amazion. when I got it it was easy to set up and to use.
asus-transformer|I chose this tablet as they are use at my place of business. Though I am still learning all the ins and outs, I would most definately recommend it to others.
asus-transformer|As a long time android user, when I saw a quad core tablet with an attachable keyboard with additional battery, HDMI out, SD slot, etc. I thought it would be a dream come true for mobile productivity. Unfortunately, poor performance and mediocre execution on the actual build will relegate this unit to occasional use and it will probably end up handed down to the kids or in a drawer somewhere. There are rumors that replacing the factory software might help and I may try this despite voiding the warranty.The #1 killer for this tablet is the poor performance. I'm not a big gamer just want to do basic email, web, and the occasional game or video. I've used android for years and this unit performs worse than my Galaxy S2 phone, my 1st gen kindle fire, and way worse than the Galaxy Tab 2. For all of the hype, this performance is just unacceptable. Constantly getting unresponsive apps. I've installed chrome, changed performance settings, sent it back to ASUS, factory reset removing all apps and data - nothing helps. Should have bought the Galaxy Tab 2 instead. The Galaxy also has a much nicer, more polished feel to it - wish it had the keyboard integration like the ASUS.As for the battery/keyboard, the weight balance is not very good and the unit is very top heavy/tippy because the screen is so much heavier than the keyboard. Given that the combo is not super thin or light, I'd gladly take on additional weight in the keyboard (maybe via bigger battery) to not have it be so tippy.Overall feel is very plasticky compared with much more polished units from Samsung. HDMI out is a bit flaky. Overall I'm disappointed and would not buy again.
asus-transformer|I loved the product until the screen cracked on it's own after owning it for 7 months. It had never been dropped or mishandled. From reading online this is a common problem with Asus tablets and sometimes you can get Asus to repair them but not usually and not without a lot of hassle. If I'm successful I'll update this review. Wish me luck! DON'T buy an Asus tablet until they get this bug fixed!I'm happy to report that I sent my Asus in and they did honor their warrenty and repair the cracked screen. I didn't have to hassle them at all. I did send a detailed letter referencing several websites that talked about spontaneous cracking Asus screens. Please note that my crack was just a hair line and wasn't the type of crack caused by dropping the Asus. If your screen cracked by dropping don't try saying that it was a spontaneous crack. So glad that Asus stood behind their product.
asus-transformer|so far no problems im a jw use it at the meeting and moved from one program to the other with no slowwing down from the nwt to the wt u can even use more the a ipad becouse of all the free apps
asus-transformer|I have tried numerous times to upload new updates hoping it would fix how crappy this tablet works.Time to take it back. The machine screen shakes for over 30 seconds at times. At other times it wont let me select anything.Very upsetting. Maybe I just got a bad unit. I would never buy another as time is money and I have lost a bunch trying to get it to work.ASUS TF300T-A1-CG 10.1-Inch 16GB Tablet - Gold Edition
asus-transformer|The ASUS Tablet I purchased was recommended by Consumer Reports and I agree with this recommendation.Purchased to replace one of the laptops we use; we travel in our Class A Motorhome quite often and the ASUS Tablet fits nicely in this type of situation as it is small, light weight, and provides all the services we require. Ours works very well and we enjoy it. I recommend the ASUS Tablet for any computer user for travel, going to the beach, eating at Fast Food Places on lunch breaks, etc. Our Son-in-Law has one and he travels quite extensively in his business and enjoys his also. I also recommend this ASUS to anyone with small children who like to play games as our Great-Grand-Children love this tablet for playing the games we have on them.
asus-transformer|I bought a TF300 blue from the amazon warehouse deals. This was cheap but i had my fingers crossed to get a new like used product.The package was shipped on time and i was very happy for that.All the parts and accessories for the tablet were available. Initially thought that it is open box since it was repackaged.On the behind of the tablet i saw some scratches that were clearly visible even under the dim light.The screen was covered with a thin sheet, but i could see a scratch on the right side of the screen. The tablet did not have POWER and so put the charger cable on.The table did not charge. Thinking that there is some defect in the tablet i was wondering what needs to be done.Then i saw this thin tape on the usb sync cable. I unwrapped it and the cable seems to be cut and that is the reason why it was not charging.I also found more cut marks on the usb sync cable.So i decided to return the used like new product.i am giving a 2 star only for the tablet being good (but it had scratches behind).Hopefully i will never buy from the amazon warehouse deals. amazon rating for the product doesnt seem to comfort me enough.
asus-transformer|I'm a big Android fan. Specifically, I've owned 3 different phones (HTC G1, Google Nexus One, and Samsung Nexus Galaxy) as well as a Google TV. I'm a happy owner of all 4 of these, and all but the G1 I still use. In general, I'm a big believer in the Google ecosystem and I like the idea that Android makes it so I can seamlessly switch hardware manufacturers (in theory).This is my first Android tablet. My wife has a recently purchased iPad 2, which allows me to make pretty direct comparisons to the obvious competition. Overall, this tablet doesn't hold a candle to my wife's iPad 2 and it's a major let down.On to the review:Versatility: HDMI out, microSD slot, 32GB. This is frankly my favorite part of the tablet. And this is the kind of flexibilty that Apple bends over backwards to stop users from mixing/matching hardware as they please. While the tablet also supports an external keyboard, I prefer to use my desktop, laptop, or Chromebook for actual work or heavy communication.Performance:This tablet has fast specs on paper. I've ran numerous benchmarking suites on the tablet, and it appears that my tablet scores very well. When things work properly, this tablet is very fast.Unfortunately, things do not work properly a lot of the time. The actual browsing experience (responsiveness, page load time) is way worse than my iPad 2. This is true regardless of browser -- default Android web browser, Chrome beta, Dolphin, etc. And in several games, the tablet frequently stutters or pauses for several seconds in the middle of it all.Tablet touch sensitivity:The tablet has a very hard time registering clicks. Sometimes, it works flawlessly. Other times, I need to click, click, click click click. Sometimes clicks are dropped. Other times, I just need to "patiently" weight 8 seconds. I've also seen it scroll across 2 or more screens when I only want to scroll across 1, or just completely drop scrolling actions. Some games that require you to use 2 thumbs (one for navigation, the other for actions like shooting) are completely confused by any movements I make with my left thumb. I have to awkwardly use my left index finger, and even then a lot of the motion gets dropped or garbled. I can't tell if all of these issues are completely software or issues with the tablet input itself, but the end result is a very frustrating navigation experience.Stability:My tablet crashes at least once daily. This is the least stable consumer device I've owned since the original HTC G1 I've used. Android should not feel this "beta" given this is a 2nd generation Android tablet and Android itself has been around for years now. I've also seen odd glitches in several browsers -- for example, videos will sometimes play "underneath" a page. Half of the video is visible, half of it appears to be playing underneath the embedded video widget on a web page.Google services:I'm used to flawless integration with Google services on Android devices. Gmail and Google Voice continue to work well. But what I really care about is media.Unfortunately, this is another area where this tablet falls short. Picasa Web Albums does not sync correctly. I can't easily get all of my photos on my device. I have tens of thousands of photos and probably at least 100 albums -- this may be causing it sync less reliably than if I had less. The odd thing is the sync works perfectly fine on my Samsung Galaxy Nexus, which has less storage, RAM, etc.Sound:Sound is quite a bit more tinny than the iPad 2. The iPad 2 speakers are quite good, and this tablet can't compare. However, the TF300T's headphone jack plays very good sound.Display:Display suffers from some fairly visible light bleed in 2 of the 4 corners. My wife's iPad 2 has light bleed issues as well, but not as obvious. I think part of this has to do with the color palette of iOS being more white/gray, while Android is more black/dark gray. The iPad 2 has much more rich and vibrant colors than the TF300, which appear washed out in comparison. I notice the difference in color when browsing, when watching videos, and sometimes when playing games.In my mind, the crashing/lagging/glitching alone makes this product defective. I'm considering returning it. Based on the positivity of others' reviews, I can't tell if I have a bad tablet or if other people just aren't bothered by the stuttering and crashing. But comparing this to the iPad 2, why should I put up with this behavior? It's the same price (less if you buy refurbished), with an even wider app selection....
asus-transformer|It's a nice tablet as long as you stay off-line. If you wanna use it as a PDF reader it works well. For streaming videos from Youtube or Netflix it's not so good. Sometimes it streams ok, but majority of the time it slows and stops video stream. Now, mind you that I have a wifi router 2 feet from me and a perfect wifi connection. This tablet just isn't worth the money if you wanna waatch videos; the processor is too slow. (You can get a $100 tablet from Pandigital, etc. that will stream video and audio at the same pace quality.)Also, I find the periodic firmware updates from Asus a bit annoying as they do not really improve any of the app performances.
asus-transformer|I'm not even the type to write stuff online but given my experience with the TF300 I wanted to warn you before you drop your hard earned $$. I've had my tablet for barely 5 weeks before the screen suddenly cracked. No dropping or hitting the tablet, just spontaneous big ugly crack that kept spreading as I was looking at it. The screen immediately stopped reacting to touch. Now here where the real issue lies: Asus apparently has the WORST, and I mean most horrendous costumer service. I was nave and didn't check their rating before buying the tablet but every forum you will go, you'll find nothing but complains. In a nutshell, their tech support is based in some third world country with staff that does nothing more than saying "I'm sorry" in broken English and asking you to verify your email, phone and address a million times. They'll try to do all they can to pin whatever issue you have on you. My frustration at the sudden crack was pretty apparent yet they kept saying I was "misusing" it. Really? I guess I spent over $500 on a tablet just to have it nicely sit in a box? If actually using it means it would stop working so fast I would have gladly passed the opportunity. I'm not sure how this company even still business given their horrible treatment of costumers. So again, beware! Not worth your money, time, or anything really. I personally will NEVER touch anything Asus again.
asus-transformer|I orginally purchased this product in January. It worked for 4 days before it would not turn on. I had a replacement sent out and it lasted 2 day before it did the same thing. After following the instruction in the owners manual I was able to get it to work again (after letting it sit overnight) On day 11 it stopped working again. For a tablet with the highest GB storage and the most recent android operating system these products are garbage and I would not recommend that anyone purchase them.
asus-transformer|Adobe flash player and shockwave not available so some movies, etc don't play. Netflix plays beautifully. Need huluplus to see anything from hulu. If you change windows when you are typing, you lose your document, no autosave or save functions on their document software. Plenty of storage space. Love android apps.
asus-transformer|First, the tablet takes too long to get started when turn it on, slow navigation and finaly after 3 months it begun to turn on and off automatically until the battery got over.. it happened over and over again and i had to ask for a new one. I don't know if this usually happens with other tablets but i will never buy another asus
asus-transformer|Have a new TF300T tablet with Android 4.1.1. Bought many Android apps and Kindle books at Amazon in the past and would like to load them on the new tablet.Cannot find a way to register the tablet on Amazon. Also cannot find the Amazon App Store on Google Play that is preloaded on the tablet. In short, I cannot find a way to download my apps or Kindle books to the new tablet. And of course cannot buy any new Android apps or Kindle books at the Amazon apps store.It is very frustrating! Would appreciate if anybody would let me know how to do this?
asus-transformer|This tablet is amazing with graphics, games and working with documents.Also the design is excelent, but the one i have has a little inconvenient that makes it doesn't be perfect. The tablet i bought has a little but significant white dot in the screen about 3mm diameter. That dot is more visible when i reed documents with a white background. Unfortunately i'm outside US so i can't change the tablet. I'd like to know if i can change this product here where i am in Peru. Thanks.
asus-transformer|Got this to help me in school, but like the I -Pad it's more for Entertainment, has limited Office, Word, and anything else that you might need to get work or school done...I am now saving to get a Laptop computer, gave this to my kids, nice toyPS. it does have some apps that you can BUY extra but even then there limited and smaller programs from the originals.
asus-transformer|So out of the box I was very excited. Then I started installing apps, which at first was a joyful experience. Then crash, and so I uninstall the app. Okay... crash, restart working. Install a few more apps (3 maybe, 4) working great. Put it on the dock crash. Sigh...I gave this product three stars and not one:1. I know someone that has one, and they LOVE it! They are a photo junkie and just cannot get enough battery life.2. I am going to assume something is wrong with mine and return it.3. Honestly Android is just not there yet, but I see why people love it.So for me this didn't work out. I was more frustrated with the crashing and I am not feeling the love.
asus-transformer|Asus makes very good products that you get what you pay for. The product is the best in terms of value for money. Cheap and powerful. Highly recommended
asus-transformer|I got this tablet for my parents after much debate over the Ipad. The Ipad may be considered the best tablet out there, but all i could find better on it was the screen. I must agree the Ipad has the best screen out there. Coming back to the Asus, What makes it a really good tablet.... It has a really good screen too, I feel it's more than enough for a display of this size. More resolution is better but you could be really happy with this. It has a quad core at the heart, with 32GB of inbuilt memory. Add to it the Micro SD slot, make things a lot easier. I don't want to pay more for a tablet just because it has more memory, in these days were you get these memory cards super cheap. I bought this with lots of doubts in my mind, as it was for my parents i did not bother much on the performance and knew it should be more than enough for the casual use they have, like browsing and checking emails and skype.The build quality of this tablet is not something to speak about, but for the price it's built very well and feels good in the hand. this one has a plastic back and which helps making the tablet light in weight. No problems with the GPS, Wifi with this model. The ASUS interface is one of the best i have seen so far, and ASUS has done an awesome job with the updates. The tablet is now running jelly bean with most of the premium devices still waiting for the update, Hats of to ASUS on this. The interface is even more awesome with the update. The tablet comes with a bunch of pre installed apps which are very useful, namely the splash top app to remotely control your computer, the cloud apps. And it works flawlessly when connected to the TV with the HDMI port.Asus has certainly changed my impression on android tablets, Android was doing great on the phones and now with the tablets. I'm going to get the TF700 for myself to get rid of the ipad as it remains unused after i got the lovely little tablet from ASUS, being a android user it makes things a lot easier when all your devices are based on the same platform. Go ahead and try it out, you would'nt regret it. Both Android and Asus have done a great job from the Honey comb days, gone are the days when android was considered to be laggy and unstable.
asus-transformer|After 7-9 minutes this tablet turn back to the home screen or just plane shuts down. I called Amazon and they don't currenty have one in stock so their advise is to chack back in a week or so maybe they can do an exchange then. Online you will find others have had this problem with the tf300-t. I mean big deal if it has problems but I would like Amazon to help me then. I would probably buy another one but from a store that you could go back to if you have problems.
asus-transformer|Very disappointed in Asus. I have a couple of iPads but since I heard so much about new Android tablets and how they are comparable to iPads, decided to buy one for my dad. This was a big disappointment. Right out of the box, tablet was acting weired and unresponsive to touch. Couldn't even finish the initial setup due to malfunctioning touch screen. Tried different things worked for hours but no luck. Very frustrating experience!! So finally put it in the box it came and returned to Amazon. Thanks to Amazon's speedy return process. Will never buy Asus again, seems like their quality control is horrible. I'm not wasting my time on them.
asus-transformer|I ordered this tablet and started my Amazon Prime membership at the same time. I selected next day delivery for $3.99 (I know very inexpensive for 1 day delivery).The delivery was guaranteed to be delivered by ONTRAC by 8:00 pm. To make a long story short, they made no reasonable attempt to deliver the item, didn't use directory at gate, or the gate code I provided them with (apparently too late). I complained to both ONTRAC and Amazon. Another long story short, got the package dropped on my doorstep @9:30 am after badgering ONTRAC when they called me back.I followed the directions and charged the tablet until the battery was 100%. The tablet did a firmware update the first time I turned it on. I then began setting it to my liking (e.g., arranging apps on screens, etc. I did some browsing, installed Nook app and a few other common, free apps. After having the tablet about 12 hours, it began to operate erratically, sometimes the screen would not respond to any action (swipe, tap, hold, double tab, etc.), essentially frozen. When not frozen, tapping an app would sometimes work, but more often would execute an entirely different app (note they were not at all near each other on the screen). Examples - tap browser, runs gmail - tap any app displays wallpaper dialog - tap settings, first screen appear but could not press anything that worked and could not scroll. Attempted a cold boot (Vol down plus power), after reading posts about the issue; this appeared to work, but did nothing to remedy the problem.I called ASUS tech support @ 1:30 am PST and amazingly enough got through to a live person after about 30 minutes (20 minutes then disconnect, 2nd call only took 10 min). The Technical Support Representative took 5 minutes to be able to repeat the spelling of my name back to me correctly after 10 very careful, slow spellings (also using letter names), kept adding an e to the end of my last name. After reviewing the issue with him, and attempting another re-boot, the tablet went into what appeared to be an endless power up and down cycle. I was finally able to get it to stop, but upon starting normally screen totally frozen. Rep said it was defective and I should send it to them "unless I could think of something else to do". He indicated it could take anywhere from 4 to 6 or 8 weeks and I would have to pay shipping. I asked him what the "something else for me to do meant" and he said perhaps return to Amazon (duh).I arranged to exchange this defective item with Amazon, trouble free and quite simple to accomplish KUDOS to Amazon. Also Amazon provided a credit for the $3.99 shipping charge because of the issues with the carrier. I printed the label and return authorization and re-packaged everything in the original box and Amazon shipping box and took it to UPS store. UPS store charged me $1.00 to tape the box (about 2 seconds and perhaps 10" tape {wow at that rate $1800 per hour :-(I've already gotten the shipping confirmation and tracking number for the replacement and it's the same delivery company so I've got my fingers crossed and will call them as soon as it's on the truck in hopes of ensuring a trouble-free delivery.During the about 6 or so hours that this tablet worked, it worked fine. I'm a little nervous about the charger connection as it's pretty obviously a bit flimsy and feels somewhat as if it will fall out of the tablet. I'm planning on getting the docking station with keyboard when I have the money so perhaps that will be less of an issue.I'll update about the replacement item.
asus-transformer|Purchased in April 2012. Very good and can agree with the reviews of the most popular written. The one thing I have an issue with is the browser. As others have mentioned, the browser will close for no appearent reason.Other than that, I like it.
asus-transformer|The tablet is awesome...Just a note, the pictures show a bright blue color, the actual color is a nice elegant dark blue.Although its plastic it feels solid... I also bought the Leather Case for the Asus Transformer so you cant really tell the color nor if is plastic.The Android OS... hmmmm... lots of free apps... unlike the IPad. ~_^
asus-transformer|I have seen this unit and I think it does a great job, if you get onethat is well put together. Quality control issues seem to persist.Great features and software for the money make me want to take a chancewith this unit. I will definitely purchase from retailer that makesit easy to return a defective unit, since the lower price of this Asus seemsto come with more quality control issues.My long term experience dealing with Asus tech support is not good.The Asus desktop I have used for a few years has been very reliable.(Although my first sample at a local retailer was defective.)When I have explored the Asus tech support site for software updates,I have found it cumbersome to use, especially trying to downloadupdates. However, I believe I noticed today that they have updating softwarethat one can load onto one's computer that should streamline theprocess.Most of the reviewers who have had to deal with tech support havehad some issues with poor support/knowledge from the tech people,though some people have had better experiences.I think it will be worth a try though I may wait and see if thequality improves. As for that tech support...........I just hopeI don't have to use it.
asus-transformer|I liked Asus TF300 for what it is said it has to offer with recent ICS updates that are been released.
asus-transformer|This tablet should be considered mid range only in its pricing. It's hardware beats that of most pricier tabs. I'm loving mine so much I just pickjed up the keyboard dock today.The only downside so far is the immediate lack of a simple rooting solution. That will come in time however.
asus-transformer|Just received my tab a few hours ago. I bought a acer a510 first but i returned it because the screen had lag that i couldn't accept. Other than that the a500 was perfect. Now I just received my tf 300 a little while ago but i have to make this very clear. How can a company in this day and age get away with shipping a product with such horrible backlight seepage. My screen is horrible i cannot use it in a dark room at all it looks horrible. There are white spots everywhere around the edge. Especially near the forward facing camera. Other than that so far I've experienced a few automatic reboots when trying to use various apps and many system hangs that require force closes. Many more than the a510 for sure. The unit also feels sluggish compared to the a510. The screen sensitivity is very good though. I would keep the unit had the back light seepage not have been so bad but alas it looks like i'll have to wait for another company to make a good tab.
asus-transformer|I purchased this tablet as a refurb from another website. It would not connect to the internet despite having a router connection. After restarting the unit, telling it to forget the router then resetting the password, and even rebooting the router it still would not connect. I was initially going to send it for repair until I read other reviews here. After realizing this is an all too common problem with this particular ASUS tablet I have decided to return it.It truly is a shame. The tablet worked fine otherwise and had a lot of potential to replace my lap top on trips. I thought ASUS made great products but they seem to have left good quality control at the door with this one along with good customer service. They tried to tell me I had to pay to ship the unit for repair when I'd barely had it in my hands for 12 hours. They did offer to pay shipping once I explained I hadn't even had it for 24 hours yet. Still, I shouldn't have had to ask. They shipped a defective unit, they should pay repair shipping. That also influenced my decision to ultimately return it.Back to figuring out whether to get a tablet, netbook or new laptop.
asus-transformer|This tablet did not meet my expectations according to some of the reviews about how much better it is a kindle or iipad or any of the other tablets. I like the screen size and the resolution.I didn't like the fact for web surfing it became very complicated when it came to certain tungsten like shopping on line I only able to view tootle store and any other site was not compatible with this device. I was hoping for a tablet of its size I though it wouldn't be as limiting.
asus-transformer|Dead on arrival. When it plugged in, power button blinked twice. That is it. I paid $365.00 to see a tiny button blinking twice. Called the Ausus. They are interested to know my mailing address, email, etc rather than the problem with the machine. Then asked me to send it at my expense so they can look at it. NEVER EVER buy Asus product - DEAD ON ARRIVAL. Save your money and sanity.
asus-transformer|Bought this tablet because the specs looked good and it had a micro SD card slot. Maybe I got a lemon. The first thing this tablet does when you connect it to WIFI is upgrade itself to Android Ice cream Sandwich (ICS). You do not get a choice, it does it automatically and there is no easy way to go back to a previous version. You have to root it and void your warranty. ICS kills Adobe Flash because Adobe has decided not to write flash for ICS. The Nvidia CPU in this tablet does not like ICS and it cuts the battery life by about half. I would recommend buying something else. Luckily Amazon is letting me return it for a refund be I have owned it less than a month.
asus-transformer|I was very excited to get my first tablet. Everyone else in my family had theirs but i still had not found one and was determined to get the very best on the market. The Asus transformer 300 fit the bill. When the package arrived it had a small spider cracks on the bottom right hand corner but i thought nothing of it for the product was labeled "Like New" or perhaps had a problem in shipping. Everything worked fine for the first night but the next day the unit began to crash on me and restart on its own will. Not sure why this happened so i did a hard reset and called the customer support which was terrible and of no help which i could not find online. After a week this problem began to worsen and after two weeks the screen became unusable. I will never buy another ASUS until they improve the quality. I could and am going to buy an Ipad 2 for the same price as the transformer 300 its just not worth dealing with all the possible problems these units seem to have after only a short period of regular use. RETURNED
asus-transformer|Great little tablet--am not getting the 8 to 10hrs. battery life yet--still this is 10 times better than my previous tablet--grafics are great--runs without stuttering when i play grafic intensive games--might be a bit heavy for female users
asus-transformer|This is my first android tablet . I think this one will make Apple scare.It can do almost everything like pc and more.
asus-transformer|I don't know what the haters are doing rating this product 2 stars and 1 star, do you work for a competitor manufacturer or what? You people work for Apple? Stop hating, this product is great for it's price. What do you expect paying only $379.00 on a 10.1" with quad core?The thing I hate was that, Amazon.com lowered the price to $379.00 after the day I purchased it for $399.99 !
asus-transformer|I was in tablet market for quite sometime watching different specs, etc from multiple vendors. I knew I didnt want an Apple product as it was too restrictive for a tablet. For iPhone its fine. But tablet is more like a computer and so need flexibility and openness.So Android was the obvious choice. I liked the 4.x release when I checked out other tablets. I wanted one with quad core processor. That left me with Asus transformer tf300 and Acer a510 iconia (at least for now in my price range). Comparing them both I think Asus had an edge based on the review comments. I also checked them out in local stores to have a look at it. I found Acer to heat up after 5-10 min of usage. The pluses were battery and dolby. But I decided for Asus.I ordered it and was eagerly waiting to get my hands on it. When it came, I immediately opened up to start using it. Upon pressing the power button nothing happened. Tried few times - no luck. Thought the battery may not be fully charged. Plugged into the wall and let it charge few hours. The power button LED came on in amber color which gave me hope.After allowing it to be charged several hours, I tried again. No display. I can see the black color all over the screen. Nothing else. You can tell the difference between the screen switched off and the black color in the screen. I held the power button for several seconds in hope of doing a hard reset. That didnt help. I thought of hitting the reset button using a pin. But then thought, why should I do it. I paid in full for this and I shouldnt have to reset it the first time I am switching on. It didnt feel right. I packed it up and shipped it right back and got the refund.Now I am back in the tablet market - debating whether to give Asus another chance or not. Or go for Acer although it gets warm. Or wait for some more time until Amazon or Google to come up with a 10.1 tablet. Not sure what to do so I am waiting....I wanted to give zero stars. But Amazon doesnt let me do it. So giving one star.
asus-transformer|I appreciated all of the product reviews. I purchased a TF300 ASUS Tablet from the Amazon Store as soon as I read that Google selected ASUS to manufacture their new Tablet. A 10 inch tablet is more to my liking. The appearance and handling characteristic are great. Unfortunately, I have been unable to locate a PRODUCT MANUAL OR A COMPANY REP?My wife purchased a IPAD3 from the local AT&T store at the same time. After she purchased it, they told her to go to the Apple store, 20 miles away,to learn how to use the new IPAD. We did the Apple store trips two years ago to learn how to use the I-Phones.The Kindle Reader was very easy to learn without any hands on instructions. I expected that the use of the ASUS tablet would also be easy. Our problems with using the new toys may be that we are in our late 80's. However we were part of the tech world for part of life.(A Google booster from the start.)LCP
asus-transformer|The design is good and simplistic. However the lag and app failures were too much for me. The concept is very good I just hope it becomes more refined. My nexus is a better performer. That does not say much because I have zero problems with the galaxy nexus.
asus-transformer|TF300 really put the prime to shame! been using this for a week with no problemo!!!this machine will not disappoint. If there's way to installed xp, window 7 or the new comming window 8, this could be my laptop replacement. lol
asus-transformer|I've had the TF300 for nearly a week. I've read nearly every review posted since I bought the device, and I'm amazed how many reviews here offer a non-critical love affair with the TF300. Please people, if the review looks like it was written by a professional reviewer, it's probably nothing more than a carefully placed advertisement. I also suspect that there's an army of people working for Asus voting up these fake reviews, and voting down reviews coming from real people who have actually spent some time with this device.Let's get to the point. There are some things to like about this tablet, but in the end there are some dealbreakers.Pros: (with keyboard dock)- Incredible battery life. With the dock I'm easily getting 15 hrs, which is unbelievable.- The keyboard really is quite good. If you're comfortable typing on a 10" netbook, you will be fine with the transformer. One important caveat: find the key on the dock that disables the trackpad and use it regularly. If you don't, your pointer will inevitably jump all over the screen as you type and sooner or later you will throw this thing against a wall.- A tablet + keyboard combo that doesn't rely on bluetooth, so you can use it on an airplane. That's actually unique in the marketplace right now, so well done Asus.Pros: (whether you have the dock or not)- Ships with the latest android OS, ICS 4.03. I find this latest OS from google a pleasure to use. If you live in the google ecosystem as I do, it is very nice to have native apps for gmail, calendar, maps, docs, google drive, etc. As long as we're comparing this to the new ipad (which is inescapable considering it's dominance in the tablet market), don't forget that Android has an open file system, which is very useful when you're trying to use this as a netbook / laptop replacement.- Device runs very cool. No heat like you typically get from a laptop, so you can take it into bed with you. Even the new iPad can run pretty hot, but I've never felt any heat coming off this device. Major win.- Encryption - you can set a numeric PIN or password to decrypt, without it the device won't unencrypt save for a factory data reset. Cool feature if lost or stolen.Now, here's why I do not recommend this tablet:1) "Browser is not responding. Would you like to close it? [Wait / OK]" Be prepared to see this regularly while you use ANY browser. (Browser, Dolphin, Maxthon, Opera, Firefox - I tried them all - Chrome being the worst.) This gets very tiresome. All the browsers were slow save for the Maxthon browser, which became unstable after a day of use. I'm sorry people, but the browser is the "killer app" on a tablet or netbook, and I need it to work. This is what a quad-core "tegra 3" tablet gets you? Yikes.2) As mentioned in other reviews, let there be no doubt: The screen SUCKS. If you have any experience with the new ipad, you'll probably find this screen to be laughably bad. 1280x800 display with colours that wash everywhere vs. 2048x1536 on the latest ipad. Videos look terrible. Do I have to use iOS just to get a decent screen? Come on Asus. Just listen to the critical reviews here: people are reporting dead pixels, yellowish tinges and light bleed. My device actually shipped with no noticeable defects but I have zero confidence in its long-term durability. And there's no other way to put it, I don't like looking at the screen. It's vastly inferior to my smartphone, my laptop and my first generation ipad. Will I spend a lot of time using this? No.3) Cheap plastic-y construction: the pad and the dock flex all over the place. If you want something tough, this isn't it. Another reviewer mentioned that you can see the colours on the screen distort when you apply moderate pressure to the back of the pad, and yup, sure enough, they do. What if you accidentally put pressure on this thing in your backpack? Great, let's buy an expensive aluminum case and add another 5 pounds to my backpack, no thanks. I need something that's portable and durable that I can take everywhere, not another decoration for my apartment.4) Not a dealbreaker for most people but it is for me: this is no audiophile device. Lossless music files + player pro + dsp pack + Shure SRH440's = very average listening experience. Allegedly the Tegra 3 uses a lower quality DAC than the Tegra 2. No Wolfson chip so no Voodoo Sound app to save it. Oh, and the volume doesn't have smooth scrolling, so the volume goes up and down in chunks, which I detest.Conclusion: Back to Worst Buy... The main dealbreakers being the poor browsing experience and the flimsy construction. Unfortunately, as much as I love android I just don't feel this is a good purchase long-term. I see this device lasting 6-12 months maximum.UPDATE:I lasted 3 weeks with this device. I've decided to return it, and wait for the Transformer Infinity, which is expected to have a better screen and more solid construction, and - hopefully - an improved browser experience. To give credit where it is due: the transformer is amazing as an instant-on note-taking device. It is my preferred device for email, calendar and google drive. It just doesn't cut it for web browsing however. Despite two firmware updates in 3 weeks, the browser is still unacceptably slow. If you expect to do web-browsing, this is not the tablet for you.
asus-transformer|I bought this unit for development. I would not buy this for a personal everyday use, because this is an Android device, which is an inferior product to the Apple iPad. This is a product for people who has never experienced a real Apple iPad and thus, sadly do not know any better.Hardware:This is not an iPad, no matter how hard it tries to be one. Compare to iPad this thing is heavy, the interface is cumbersome, jerky and ugly. The text looks awful on this screen, I can count the pixels from which the letters are made, it does not charge off the USB if connected to a computer. It has to be connected to the wall instead.When connected to MacBook in "Media Device File Transfer Mode" it does not appear to mount the storage. (Other android devices do with no problem). It has cheap plastic feel to it because it has a cheap plastic screen instead of the glass like on iPad. This tablet does not have a mini USB port so you have to use the cable that it came with and if you loose that cable - tough luck. By the way the cable connector suspiciously looking like the old iPhone and iPod connector. I wonder where they stole that idea from.Preloaded third party software:It comes with a bundle of pre-installed third party apps you do not want and did not ask for and you cannot delete them. Quantity of the pre-installed apps does not make it up for the quality one comes to expect after using the real thing. In Apple world we have millions of apps to choose from the App Store and those are mostly high quality apps. It is our choice what we install and what we do not install on our units. In Android world the manufacturers and carriers like to festoon the unit with third party software which is rolled in to the price of the unit and then called "free" or "value added". If you have to "add value" to the unit, it tells me that it had no much value before the "value added" stuff was added. The Google Play lets anyone upload an app and thus even though there are seems to be plenty to choose from, the tablet version of the apps are really stretched out phone apps. Not impressive at all. Asus pre-installs some apps for you, but do you really need those? If you do not - you cannot remove them.The security:On Android device you have to agree or not agree to the security warnings when the app is installed. (too late for the apps that are already installed on it by Asus). Most people do not check what permissions an app requires and just accept them. If the user does not accept the permission the apps is not installed. In Apple world the app asks the operating system to use something that requires permission and the operating system asks user to grant that permission. Thus the user can disallow the app to root around the address book or use the location services or read SMS etc. Thus the app continue to with limited functionality. For instance, I can use Yelp but not let it user my location. In Android world I can only choose to use Yelp and thus let it know my location or not use it at all.Stock software:The music player is just not nearly as nice or user friendly as the one on iPad or iPhone. It looks like a 16 year old high school kid wrote it in a lunch brake. 0 designer's thought went in to it. The email client is ugly and cumbersome to use. The browser needs work, compare to iPad it feels like some beta version of some prototype project that was abandoned by developers before it's completion. The sites do not render properly, the stolen pinch zoom or double tap does not take me to where it should and the web graphics look pathetic. All and all web pages look ugly on it and the responsiveness of the user interface leaves a lot to be desired.Asus hacks:The software keyboard does not work right in the numeric only fields. It supposed to switch to the number only layout but ASUS puts their paws in to the Android OS and installs their own keyboard that will give you the same layout when you focus on a number or date field. You have to hunt the settings to find that you can switch to the default android keyboard that works properly.Looser Experience:The first thing the tablet did after booting up it found it's firmware update, it updated itself. I opened Netflix to see what it would look like, it opened and promptly crashed presenting me with the ugly mail client where the bug report was attached, but no email address was set in to the "To" field. What am I supposed to do with this bug report?Developing on this tablet:In development mode when you plug the cable to the computer it immediately mounts the SD card either in camera or in data transfer mode, there is no charge only mode. Thus SD storage is not available during debugging. Which is somewhat annoying for development on this unit. Also the DDMS does not connect so you cannot take a screen shot.Conclusion:So to conclude it is a cheap knock-off made by the lowest bidder out of inferior materials and low budget workmanship. It was designed by someone who got kicked out of the arts school for copying some one else's home-work, it is heavy, the battery last about 5 hours if you actually use the thing, it is rubbish for development, it is overpraised, it is ugly and exhibit sluggish performance.This is something that general public does not understand: the processor speed and memory capacity is meaningless if the operating system that runs on the device is a bottle neck. But people buy this rubbish and leave good reviews because they have not had an iPad in their hands.If you want a tablet get an iPad. If you want a brick to toss across the room get this tablet. It's flight characteristics are not so bad when tossed just right.
asus-transformer|Forget all the negative comments about this tab. This is clearly a front runner in the tab market. Runs smooth and everything is wicked fast. Screen is great, no idea what everyone has their panties in a bunch about it not being the brightest screen available, I even toned it down to about 40% brightness. Overall you are not paying for the apple name, but you are getting a quality product, and for less money none the less...
asus-transformer|Update 5/2During the last couple of days I have noticed a few issues. When scrolling on a page a gray line displays at the bottom of the screen and fades to a pale yellow line. Also, scrolling is often very slow and glitchy. Another issue is the page freezing and then a pop up stating the web page is not responding. I will monitor the performance over the next few days and hope for some improvements.On a positive note the wifi reception is wonderful. I changed the channel on my router and now I have 4 or 5 bars when I'm over 40ft from the router. I downloaded the app Wifi Analyzer and it helped me to improve the performance of my home network.____________________________________________________________________________________When I first received the tablet it would not power up and I thought I had a lemon. I charged it about 7 hours and it was good to go. I was forced to upgrade to ICS after playing with it for an hour, and I have to say I haven't noticed any changes or improvements. The plastic back does have a cheap feel in comparison to the TF201, however performance appears to be the same. The TF201 has a better screen and very weak wifi (The iPad 3 has the best screen). Wifi is working very well, fluctuating between 2-3 bars @ 30ft away from router. I haven't tried to use GPS yet. Overall I think this is a very good tablet.
asus-transformer|The battery life is amazing. I leave this thing on for weeks without having to recharge it.The device is built well and the keyboard is very nice.-consAndroid is a disappointing OS, it is really good for wasting time, but don't expect this thing to be good for work.
asus-transformer|Realmente me parece una excelente tabla con respecto al precio valor, muy buenas prestaciones gr&aacute;ficas y una imponente autonom&iacute;a, procesamiento de datos potente ademas de ser muy ligera para el tama&ntilde;o, r&aacute;pido acceso a dispositivos de almacenamiento secundario como tarjetas micro sd o conexi&oacute;n usb, en pocas palabras cumple las expectativas.
asus-transformer|My son received this after mom told him if he passes his ham exam she would get him one. He is enjoying it every day.
asus-transformer|The product that i ordered was 32GB, but mine is 16GB. I have used this tablet for 2 months already but I don't even know it until my brother want to buy one. My brother asked me to check how many GB my tablet is, and then i noticed that mine is 16GB not 32GB. After that i contacted the seller and requested a refund, but the seller said what they can do is give me back 50 dollars or give me a 32 GB card. Just want to let other buyers know, if you guys buy the tablet from this seller, please check it is that a 16 GB or 32 GB.
asus-transformer|For this Asus tablet, I used a screen protector and case for protection. But, it did not help. In less than a month of regular use, the screen cracked. It made the tablet unusable.Reading the product description again, the screen for this Asus tablet is not the Gorilla glass.I have a 1st gen IPAD for the last 2 years. The IPAD screen is still perfect.
asus-transformer|After disastrous event with ASUS Transformer Prime TF200 (with all that delay, cancellation and quality issue), I was praying that ASUS would do better job with this model. Price target was encouraging, and so was good availability throughout retailers and e-retailers. I placed an order, did not receive any delay response, and it arrived right on time. Then the horror struck yet again.+Good:Speedy, mostly jitter free performance.Good size of built-in storage, complemented by microSD slot.Wifi works, range is good, and so is GPS.Blue (only color at the launch) plastic back with good amount of texture. I know some people took a hack at this as "cheap", but I am not sure about that. Prime's metal back was bit too slippery for my liking.Quite thin, similar dimension to Prime.-Bad:First hour is painful due to seemingly endless amount of updates all huddling at once.Dock connector. It has bit of cheap feeling to it.Speaker. Single slot, on one end. It is ok on portrait mode, but weird on landscape mode.Contrast, or lack thereof. Display looks washed out in high brightness, and simply too dim at low brightness.--UGLY!:Quality Control, Quality Control, Quality Control. My God... does anyone at ASUS know a thing about Quality Control? Do they have a factory full of lint floating everywhere? Yet again have I been struck by stupid display issue. With Prime, it was stuck/dead pixel. With TF300, my first one had lint stuck in between outer glass layer and LCD display. Needless to say, I was seething. Yet another round of return-and-exchange debacle. amazon made this painless process, but I was not a happy camper.Light bleeding. This is bit of toss up as it is mostly noticeable when screen goes dark, but it is present and does not require keen eye to identify it. I suspect that ASUS might have gone even cheaper route than original Transformer on display assembly as I haven't seen original having this many complaints on light bleeding issue. It does not ruin your movie experience nor is it enough to make it unusable, but what bummer.Rumor mill is busy chirping about ASUS/Google superpad in few months, and I thought about staying put in order to wait for one, but after seeing new batches of tablet and playing briefly with Samsung Galaxy Pad 2 7.0 (only downside being 1024x600 resolution), I was more than ready to give tablet another try. I will happily use this until I pass it along to some, but this is not "Be all, do all" product in Tablet. That would be certain "NEW" product built by a company only holding onto billions of cash.
asus-transformer|Update again: I'm really loving this tablet. Was worth returning and getting giving back the lemon (those things happen) I'm still very happy with it.Update: Amazon was amazing about returning and sending a new one. This time, without a thought, it turned on. I'm enjoying using this tablet. I really like the flexibility of turning it into a netbook with the keyboard. I'll be testing it out this weekend at work and next week when I am away from my laptop completely. It charges up very fast and works for quite a bit of time. Overall, I'm very pleased once I got one that turned on! :)I was really excited that this finally got to my house today. I went to get it out of the box and to plug it in thinking that it would need charged. Charged till it was "green" , unplugged it, and there was nothing I could do to turn it on. Press and release, press...s and release, And then the HOLD it down till it comes on method. So maybe I think I need to charge it longer... which i do and then I plug it into the dock and charge the dock and the tablet at the same time. Again, they finally show green lights (which I assume means charged) nothing happens any way I try it. So, right now they are plugged in...and will be all night. If nothing changes in 8-10 hours I'm sending them back. I'm not sure if I want to try to get a replacement or bite into the apple. I'm an android girl all around. It better work in the morning...if it does, I will update my comments.
asus-transformer|Have the tablet for 1 week and never owned one before. The tablet's appearance, responsiveness, functionality, sound, and display are all reasonably good. For me as a first time tablet owner who also never uses a smartphone, it requires some getting used to. But, overall, I am pretty satisfied with the purchase.There is one problem, however, with the GPS. If I set destination and driving direction at home before my trip, the GPS does its job flawlessly. Once I am outside, say at my destination and would like to return home or go to a new destination, the device has not worked a single time after quite a few attempts over different days and hours. The device would still identify my location through the satellite. But it hangs with the message of "getting driving direction" after I enter needed address. Once I return home, it acts as expected again, which made me wonder maybe this GPS requires WiFi connection to set driving direction. If so, that would be a major disappointment.Some other reviewers mentioned GPS function and no one seems to have similar issue. I thought perhaps it is a user error and I sent an inquiry to the ASUS technician who responds to reviews at this site. The person helped me with a few other questions (thanks for the prompt response!) and suggested I could try power off. It did not solve the problem, unfortunately. If anyone has suggestions, I would greatly appreciate them as I hate to return this machine which otherwise works quite well.Update 13May2012 -Apparently, typical tablet users do not expect this device to function out of box like a standalone GPS. Thanks to those who commented on my review, I tried a couple of suggestions. Trial version of one commercial application does work well. Given this experience, I upgrade my review to 4 stars.
asus-transformer|This product worked just fine, for two days. It was dropped from an easy chair onto carpet, a drop of one foot, and the screen cracked. Now the touch screen is useless.....useless. I called support, went through all the hula hoops only to find that this is not covered under warranty, and to repair it is over 200 dollars. This product was not treated as a ping pong ball, it was treated gently, and it accidentally fell an astounding one foot onto padded lush carpet and now is not even a good paper weight. There must be a problem with the quality of their products for this to completely fail so easily. Carefully, use your own judgement...and buy the insurance if it is offered...because Asus will not stand behind their products.
asus-transformer|I got it as a birthday gift from my wife at the beginning it worked ok then it started to do problems like the browser was crashing and put me back to main screen or stuck and i must to turn it off and start from the beginning.sometimes im not touching the screen and it just gets crazy like Windows pops up and i cant do nothing but turn it off.Don't buy it!!
asus-transformer|Tablet works well but I would not buy again due to proprietary plug. I cannot find a charging stand for it. I think this is unacceptable.Plus, no 5GHz wifi is a deal breaker.
asus-transformer|This product has worked great for the month since I bought it. Buttons are easy to use and the layout is perfect. Just make sure you realize this is not an Apple product.Can't wait to get my hands on the keyboard next.
asus-transformer|I PURCHASED ONE OF THESE UNITS FOR FRIEND AND THEY ARE VERY PLEASED WITH IT. THEY HAD PURCHASED AN ARCHNOVA WITH SIMILAR SPECS AND IT DID NOT WORK WELL, MAYBE EVEN SOME WOULD CALL DEFECTIVE. WE SENT IT RIGHT BACK AND WHEN THEY ISSUED OUR CREDIT WE ORDERED THIS UNIT. IT HAD ALL THE FEATURES THEY WANTED AND THEY PREFER AN ANDROID TABLET TO A WINDOWS TABLET. I PREFER A WINDOWS TABLET TO THE ANDROID TABLET BUT THAT IS JUST A PERSONAL PREFERENCE. I HAVE A VERY NICE SAMSUNG SMART PHONE THAT OPERATES WITH ANDROID AND IT IS GREAT AND IT IS FAST. BOTH ARE ACTUALLY GOOD OPERATING SYSTEMS. THIS TABLET HAS MANY EXPANSION PORTS. THE LATEST BLUETOOTH AND LATEST ANDROID OPERATING SYSTEM. IT ALSO COMES WITH A QUAD CORE PROCESSOR WHICH IS NOT VERY COMMON IN OTHER MODELS AT THIS DATE. SO BUY ONE AND ENJOY IT AND AMAZON HAS THE BEST DEALS ON IT.
asus-transformer|http://www.amazon.com/Multi-Functional-Docking-Station-TF300T-TF300T-DOCK-BL/dp/B007SHJIP6/ref=sr_1_1?s=electronics&ie=UTF8&qid=1335351221&sr=1-1The keyboard dock for the transformer prime tf201 is different from this one. Pls take note. had to do a long search to get it. thank u
asus-transformer|I bought my 1st TF300t through TigerDirect.Com only to return it after 2 days of use.Reason: would not recognize the device via the usb cable connected to a computer (I tried 4 computers I happen to have an extra usb cable which wasn't the problem)I bought my 2nd TF300t through Amazon.Com. Once received I tried the USB connection to computer and worked perfectly. Though I returned it 4 days later.Reason: after a couple days of use and letting the battery die, the device would not charge. I tried a hard reset, cold reset, and different charger...oh, and I also tried the charger in the freezer trick.I bought my 3rd TF300t from Amazon.Com and received it 2 hours ago and guess what? I just told Amazon I am returning it.Reason: Same issue as the 1st one, will not recognize the tablet via the USB cable while connected to any computer....AGAIN!I feel stupid I let it go this far, I should have thrown in the towel with the 2nd one failing on me. Please learn from my mistake and stay away from this model tablet.
asus-transformer|I bought this tablet for my son for his birthday and for the first 2 weeks it was perfect! I researched all of the tablets and waited anxiously for this one to come out, which it did, 3 weeks before his birthday. As I stated above it worked perfectly for the first 2 weeks and since...well let's list what has gone wrong.1) Cannot play Netflix movies on the tablet even though before I bought it I made sure everything said we could.2) After the first update on the tablet the screens started freezing in the middle of games, on the internet, etc...it is really annoying and very difficult to explain to your child why it does that when they are just trying to enjoy their new tablet.3) After ANOTHER update the tablet started skipping...it would pull up random games even though you didn't even click on that game!!I have tried numerous things to fix it and NOTHING works. I want to return it but of course my "window" to return has expired. I have not called customer service yet as I keep hoping they will fix these issues with another update. BUT the fact that my children are playing on my ipad more than this tablet makes me want to get my money back for it and go buy another ipad for them!!Right now - this tablet is horrible - hence why they are only getting 2 stars from me - if i could give it a 0 I probably would since we really can't even use it right now. I would rate it 5 starts if it worked the way it did when we first bought it! As I stated before - it was PERFECT (with exception of no Netflix) - but now it is a waste of money!!
asus-transformer|This product is seamless except if you don't have a Gmail account it doesn't allow you to continue with the setup. [[ASIN:B007P4YAPK ASUS Transformer TF300 T-B1-BL 10.1-Inch 32 GB Tablet (Blue)]
asus-transformer|I love this protector. I work in very harsh environments such as deserts in west Africa and 200 miles offshore. I has done a good job.
asus-transformer|I ordered at launch. Maybe is my bad luck. The product every so I often freezes after you do not use for periods. So there was a ritual of 15 minutes flipping it, turning it sideways, screen often unresponsive. Seems after it "warms" up it works fine. But is a tiresome to do that every so often you don't use and power up. Returned product and tried my luck by getting another New one. The new one 2nd even worse, screen would flash red borders had a red f rame constant. There was also a dot on screen that followed were you'd touch., which I thought wasn't normal. Then I tried camera, wouldn't switch from photo to video, error message " unfortunately camera stopped working" .....really? Maybe its just bad luck for me but I won't recommend this buggy product to anyone.
asus-transformer|I bought this tablet I think the second/third day it came out for my brother-in-law who is volunteering (teaching English) for a school in a rural village in Nepal. He has been living there for few months and will only return to US in about a year from now. Just after few days he got it, during a conversation I found out that the screen was all messed up. Can be seen here ([...]). The whole left edge of the screen, there are strange lines about 2 to 5 mm long all over from top to bottom about a mmm apart. Almost like bar codes from top to bottom. They started appearing about two days of taking it out of the box. He also told me that he has been super careful with the device, so this is not a case of mishandling.Now that the tablet is in Nepal I can neither return it nor claim a refund because it's so far away. To make it worse, the school he volunteers for is a plane ride away and it costs about $60-$70 (around that)just to get to Katmandu, even if there is a ASUS repair and warranty claim center. So, that's not an option. Now he has a defective tablet that he can not exchange and is doomed to have it the way it is. It may or may not be a good tablet, but in my case it sucked and it made me look like I bought something cheap for him. I am not saying he is ungrateful, but that's just the way I feel now. This was my first ASUS purchase in my life. I hear ASUS makes good products. Now, I am not so sure about it.ASUS needs to step up its game.
asus-transformer|This is my revised review after the second unit arrived defective. The tablet is reasonably functional, but quality of construction is very poor, on top of spotty manufacturing process and failed quality control. My first unit had a defective camera with auto focusing problem. The TF201 model, which has a well-known problem with WiFi and GPS signals, has a better working camera (8MP back camera), but the GPS signal on TF300 is still very poor compared to other tablets such as Samsung Galaxy 2 7.0in. The second unit has a screen defect: the touch sensitivity is inconsistent over the surface. This means when I entered letters from the pop-up keyboard, some keys would not respond at all! There were also some dead pixel problem.So, while my experience in dealing with Amazon has been great, I think ASUS needs serious improvement on their quality control because 2 out of 2 TF300 I've received have some serious technical issues.Contacting ASUS customer support was extremely painful. It's difficult to get through to a live person and when I did, the quality of the tech was shameful! ASUS contracts out to some company in Jamaica for its support. And the customer care department ("highest level customers can reach to for tech support) in Fremont was also a waste of time. All they could do was to give me a "case number", but NEVER followed up on it. They gave me a run around when I tried to reach the management.I would NEVER buy any products with ASUS label on it again!
asus-transformer|received my TF300T on Thursday and it would not turn on nor charge. Even after following self diag information from Asus, it would not charge.Followed product return tabs from original order with Amazon, and WOW am I impressed! I knew I was gambling by ordering on release day, and lost, as the tablet was DOA.Contacted ASUS and verified it was not something I was doing/not doing, and followed their suggestion of returning to Amazon. Painless return; for my first return in years of purchasing from them. I received notice of new order at same time I got confirmation of return. I will be receiving my replacement by Tuesday.... now that is customer service... I was expecting that they would wait until they received the DOA tablet (Amazon paid) before shipping new one and am pleasantly surprised with their return policy. I'll wait for new tablet before review the product, but felt compelled to review this great customer service.
asus-transformer|I got this with high expectations. I had considered the Transformer Prime, but had heard a lot of people had issues with the wireless and GPS. When I took it out of the box I was immediately disapointed. Regardless of what anyone else tells you, the plastic does feel cheap. When you hold the pad firmly-not hard just firmly enough to hold onto it, you will notice a bleed through of your finger impressions on the screen. The plastic case gives and bends. And this is without applying a lot of pressure, or handling roughly, just firmly enough to hold onto the thing.The screen is dull and washed out. I returned it the next day and purchased the Transformer Prime. It is absolutely great. No wifi issues. The build is solid. It is beautiful to look at and the screen is fantastic.If you've never owned a tablet before The 300T might suffice for you, but if you've ever had any kind of other tablet you will know immediately that it is an inferior piece of equipment. Spend the extra 100 and get the prime.Amazon was great about processing the return though. They really made it easy to send it back. Their customer service is just about the best!
asus-transformer|Although I loved this tablet, there have been no improvements of screen bleed over the previous Transformer TF101. I got a tablet with a dead pixel and I can't do anything about it even after running the pixel repair software. Since I've moved out of US there is nothing i can do but to use it. But if these flaws would not have been there then its almost as good as the prime even though its plastic.Recently I gave my laptop for repairing dead pixel and mic in India and the service is pathetic! They will make you wait for hours on the phone and take months to repair your tablet. They are usually confused as to what is the status of your product and have no fixed date of delivery. I have no clue about after sales support in US but if you are planning to use it out of US I would ask you to stay away from it, the service is a disaster. Other brands offer better after sales service than this.
asus-transformer|Ok so this is my first tablet and so far it is an awesome tablet. I have read the reviews for several tables (Ipad, Samsung Galaxy, Motorola Xoom, and more) and most of them had there issues but when I found out this one came out, I read alot of positive review and so I decided to buy this one and Amazon sent it to me in two days and I have been loving it since then. I still haven't really played with it, but I am impressed so far. I wish they sold more covers to protect the Asus but I guess I will do with the sleeve that I have.
asus-transformer|The Good: Amazing screen, fast wifi, and if you install the "keyboard" it includes a docking station, and you can add up to 64gigs of additional storage on top of the 32gigs that are in the unit. The keyboard also gives you USB connectivity so you can access your flash-drive on the spot too. That was a really nice add-on. The audio is also pretty good on this (WAY better than my wife's iPad).The Bad: For $450 (I got mine with the keyboard as a package deal) I was expecting a lot more functionality. DO NOT expect to be able to perform any kind of real work on this thing... even with a keyboard/track-pad installed. The hardware/software just won't do it. I tried to use it to modify some google docs and it was SOOOOOOO painfully slow and tedious, that I just gave up and waited til I got home to update them. The reality is this is a unit made for (1) playing android games in amazing colors and hi-def (2) watching TV and movies, and (3) playing on facebook and doing some basic web surfing (although this too is painfully slow). If you like to read, you'll have to download a better e-reader than what comes with it (which is nothing). I finally settled on the kindle reader, and have been super happy with that.I guess my point is... if you need a machine that you can work from this will not suffice, and if you're just wanting a color e-reader, there a lot of less expensive options out there that will satisfy your needs. This unit is targeted at a specific demographic... spoiled "kids" who play tons of android based video games and play on facebook all day. It's overpriced for a reader, and under-powered for a work machine... so that really makes it a high priced toy. Especially when you factor in the fact that it only comes with one charger cable that is really flimsy and only 2 feet long... You're going to be adding at least $20 to your first order to get a longer cable for the charger. You'll also be spending a lot of time downloading apps, because this one comes with NOTHING useful pre-installed (not even an anti-virus or e-reader... I mean NOTHING!!!).**** UPDATE **** If you buy this tablet, expect to be ordering another power supply immediately... the one they ship with the unit overheats and fails. They run from $15-$45 here on amazon (which is a bargain compared to the in-store pricing). I have thus reduced my rating to 2/5 based on the continuous nickle & dime BS associated with this unit. It's a never ending parade of extra purchases just to make it useful.**** UPDATE **** The unit ships with android 4.0, and then after about a week it'll auto-update to 4.1.1. This will cause ALL KINDS OF CRAZINESS!!! The unit will appear to be broken (the screen goes crazy and you lose control of anything you're doing with the unit)... In order to reconcile this, you must perform the following acts... (1) Perform a "factory reset" on the unit. If you have the keyboard and/or use memory cards, it is recommended that they be installed at the time of this action (I don't' know why). After that has completed, you should then perform a "hard re-boot". Once this is done you can go back and update all of your apps (they won't disappear, just require re-updating) and then place all of your shortcuts again. If this does not "cure" your problems then you have something else wrong. I found this info out by surfing the forums and reading a lot of second hand knowledge. It appears to be one more pain in the @$$ associated with android based tablets.***** FINAL UPDATE *****This thing has turned out to be total junk. I have tried numerous things to fix it, and it has just turned out to be worthless. The screen becomes severely erratic and unresponsive (kinda pointless to have a touch screen device that wont' respond to your touch) and the unit has become unusable. I nticed that most of this occurred after the "upgrade" to Jellybean (android 4.1.1). It seemed to subside after I did a factory reset of the device (in the settings menu) but then less than 3 days later it was acting ridiculous again. If you have to perform this operation every 2-3 days, then WHY IN THE FRAK (!?!?!?!?) would you pay $400 for it??? That's just piss-poor ... especially when other manufacturers can offer tablets with almost-identical specs at half that price???Bottom line is this unit was disappointing in EVERY aspect except it's visual presentation. I don't know how you may judge something, but a shiny turd is still a turd... I don't need super HD graphics to check my email, read books, and surf the net... and this thing doesn't have the power to run any games that I would play, so the video power is completely wasted by a unit that won't utilize any of it. The only thing you can use that power for is watching movies in HD... and I have a TV for that... so it's a total waste of money. The only reason it gets 1/5 stars is because they don't have an option for 0/5. Sorry ASUS but your product is total junk.
asus-transformer|Where should I start, I heard this was a very good tablet , nice processor, very fast, good battery, reliable.My first experience: the device was completely broken after 10 days, and yes it was too late to get my money back.So I waited 1.5 month to repair the device. They've changed the motherboard they said.Everything seemed to work fine.. Until the device began to reboot without a reason or sometimes just stopped working.Browsing was another problem, "Browser doesn't respond: wait or end task"; I tried opera, firefox, chrome, nothing helped.My old single core 1 GHz xperia neo smartphone never hang when I was browsing and browsed faster... strange?Okay fair enough I could live with. Till today!The device just doesn't want to charge anymore... The battery stays at 0%... even when the keyboard is connected.The device was repaired on 10.10.12 so you might ask yourself."3 months and a half and it fails again, with a new motherboard?"This is a typical example of the "Throw-away society" and a lack of quality!I don't think anyone should buy this tablet!
asus-transformer|I bought this tablet with my little happy face, but when arrived and i connect into outlet ..... didnt work the screen (black) but the system is fine because can be connect to pc and the pc detected the device.This tablet was the worst bought in my life.
asus-transformer|This tablet was supposed to be fun, but it's been an expensive headache which to me means an expensive mistake. The issues are waaay too deep to get into here. However, below I've tried to summarize my frustrations about this company and this product:1. There was some over the air firmware update and update to the new version of Android that wasn't communicated to customers ahead of time. The result of the update is a system whose data ports are now buggy (odd) and a touchscreen that has completely stopped working making the tablet useless. Troubleshooting gets nothing accomplished.2. It took many, many, many times of trying and extremely LONG, LONG, LONG waits (had to hang up a few times to try later) to get an actual person on the phone to assist me. He was rude to say the least but also very apathetic to my needs. He gave me directions to do the same troubleshooting I'd already done on my own that didn't work (I told him this and he didn't care). I went through his erroneous directions until I realized that he didn't know what he was doing. When I finally figured out he was trying to get me to do what I'd already done, I tossed his directions out of my mind and just executed the function on my own (this took like ten minutes of frustrating conversation to get through). Of course the reboot didn't work so then he asked me to just wipe the data. I didn't want to because I would lose all data of course and the connectivity ports and touchscreen made any attempt to back up my data impossible. I went ahead and wiped the data (sniff, sniff) which basically cost me both past and future time and money. My touchscreen began working for about ten minutes then froze again (what it's been doing since the firmware/software update). This whole process so far has taken about 32 days from the time I noticed a touchscreen problem (I waited a couple of weeks since the blogs indicated Asus would likely fix this issue quickly over the air and since I had heard the customer support was bad) to the time I was able to talk to a representative and wipe the data. Now I guess I have to go through the pain of calling back and sending the product for repair. I'll update on how that goes.3. Researching the blogs and gadget websites indicates that software and firmware problems are a recurring theme for Asus. Apparently in January 2012 owners of this same tablet also went through frustrating technical issues. I have read that everything from system crashes to hdmi and usb port malfunctioning occurred then too. That was the icecream sandwich update I guess, and I'm guessing this one is what they call "JellyBean" or something like that. Looks like Asus technology is just sub-par and/or that Asus and Android rarely if ever communicate. It has been hard to find good info on Asus tech problems which means that they probebly try hard to keep problems like mine quiet. Thank God for bloggers.4. Sort of unrelated, but perhaps not, my docking station also went kaput during this same firmware update time. It cracked and popped open slightly on one side like something inside disengaged and came aloose. Of course I dared not try to depress it back into place. I left a review on that too...I find it amazing how these products cost so much but break like they're made in China...I guess I should research if they were...the lady I spoke to on this issue from Asus was also rude and unenthused about her job. When she put me on hold (for a long time) the recording about the warrenty information conflicted what she told me, and she was unable to provide data on pricing. Why did I ask about pricing? Because she said that it was strange that that happened to my docking station and that if THEY determine the break was MY fault then they will contact me to notify me that they must charge me for the repair. It felt like she was saying that I'm a liar or something. I mean, this item isn't expensive enough for me to tell this dumb of a lie...Since the docking station is only about $130 I questioned whether sending it off to possibly pay for my own repair was not worth the time and money since apparently I have to pay for my own shipping to get the item repaired as well (that was the warrenty contradiction I was talking about so she or the company itself is the liar). Sending a $130 electronic item and insuring it to make sure the shipping itself doesn't cause damage is itself expensive these days. I ended up paying for that and crossing my fingers that they don't try to charge me. I'll update this with the total cost of repairs including shipping when I find out, but back to my point--Why can't they at least estimate pricing when they tell people they may have to pay for the repair? I guess because they have to do diagnostics first, but I guess what I'm really trying to say here underneath it all is that the lady from Asus gave me the feel like she saw me as her adversary and took an adversarial approach to the docking station issue. I like being treated like a paying customer when I call tech support and not like I'm going to have to fight.Bottom line: I wouldn't recommend this to anyone unless you don't mind frustration (and wasting time/money) everytime there is an update, but I'd still caution that for so much money my gut feeling is that these products are made cheaply. Of course this is my layperson opinion based on my own experiences, and perhaps I happened to get a lemon tablet AND docking station, but logic and the laws of probability makes that unlikely. I'm going to see if Asus fixes everyting completely then try to sell the tablet and docking station both during the Christmas season. I just want rid of the headache and wish I could tell Asus to keep the tablet and refund me. I have a few friends with other products that seem to work much better, but unfortunately they don't have all the features that Asus does which is why I took a chance and went with Asus in the first place. I have decided to wait another year before attempting another tablet purchase...it seems the technology isn't quite there yet no matter the company.OK, so I'm obviously frustrated and a little mad, but to their defense the tablet is pretty cool when it's not malfunctioning and when you have connectivity. It's just that those are two HUGE hurdles that overshadow the coolness of the product. I actually like the tablet and hope they get their crap together in the not too distant future. Honestly though, I'm secrectly hoping Google/Android will come out with a good competitor before then.UPDATE- Was out of town for a week and when I returned (as of Oct. 1) my screen seems to be working again without pause...(so,so glad). We will see how Android 4.1 works on this from now on. Still waiting to hear about the docking station issue I mentioned.
asus-transformer|The price is high, but not as bad as the Prime. If you're looking for something comprehensive like the iPad I would recommend this. Especially if you needed something that supports Flash. It is a small thing but it played a big part of my choice to look beyond the iPad.If you're looking for a device for reading only, this is waaaaaaaay more than you need. If you're looking to use this outside you can't see anything on the screen in direct sunlight.To summerize, if you're looking to do a lot with your tablet I would highly recommend the TF300 especially at this price. If you're only looking to dabble, you can go a lot cheaper and still have some fun bells and whistles with the Kindle Fire and at a much better price.
asus-transformer|Arrived with a busted pixel. Sent it back for an exchange. Am waiting to write the full review until I get a working one. Very disappointing so far. Amazon lowered the price $20 after I purchased it. :(
asus-transformer|Edit:Asus resolved the screen flicker problem with a firmware update so I am updating my rating from 1 star to 4 stars. Since installing the update nearly 4 days ago, the screen flicker has not re-appeared. I was seeing it every day prior to the update. Asus had said via email that the update would resolve the problem and they were true to their word. While I don't think the device should have shipped with this flaw (numerous people experienced it), it is good to see they support their product. The only thing keeping me from rating the tablet 5 stars is the screen brightness. In a sunlit room (forget about outdoors) you cannot see the screen very well. Otherwise - great tablet.Original post:I have had my TF300 for a little less than a week. I joined the Transformer forum and started seeing posts about a screen distortion problem related to the unit. This has happened with my device 3 times now. After the first two I contacted Asus and they had me do a factory reset and assured me the problem would be resolved. After getting the unit set up once more - it happened again. I am now awaiting a response from Asus.It is unacceptable that a product fresh out of the box has such a significant problem. Don't take my word for it. Before you purchase this product do a search on TF300 screen problem and look at the large number of people on the forum who have seen this issue. Imagine how many other owners that are out there who don't belong to a forum.
asus-transformer|Update: I gave this another few days, and really tried to work through the unresponsive touch, and the lags, stalls, etc. Nothing helped. I ended up returning it. Asus, you've gotta get all that quad core processing to work with android better! It's like a V8 engine with running on flat tires.I really wanted to like this tablet. I'm a big fan of android, and I own an iPad. The web browsing on three different browsers lagged, stalled, and crashed. Integrated video was choppy. Even YouTube videos. And it wasn't touch responsive. I would press buttons a few times before the tablet would compute the demand. Just not ready for prime time.
asus-transformer|About time, was waiting and waiting for the Tegra 3...This is the tablet I was waiting for,did many many hours of research now it's all mine...
asus-transformer|Asus TF300, I owned it for about a month before I sent it Back. I gave it two stars because maybe tablets are not for me. My wife and I decided to get tablets for "V" day. We got her the Asus TF101 and I decided to wait. None of the other Tablets were matching up on price, so when I saw the TF300 for the same price for the 32G, I jumped on it. Price wise it was a good deal.One of the first few days I had it, the letter "a" just kept rolling across the screen like it was stuck. It took me a few minutes to actually be able to get the tablet to turn off. Once I turned it back on, it was fine and it never happened again.It had a GPS, but the only time it would show me my location was when I would connected to a Wifi signal. I though I should be able to use it in my car like a GPS, but I guess not. I work in the back of the plane and my goal was, I thought it would be cool to be able to see my location when flying across the ocean.I didn't like pecking with one finger to get typed out whatever I was doing. I downloaded a swype like keyboard, like what my phone has, to make typing quicker. It seems different on a cell phone compared to a Tablets because of the distance of going back and forth across the tablet screen. Yes, for the Asus you can buy the keyboard and attach it to the tablet, but then I might have well just bought a laptop (which is what I'm looking for now).I tried a couple of games on it. I did like some of the flying games with the sensors it has to be able to tell how you're holding the tablet. But really alot of the games, all you're doing is moving your finger across the screen to interact with the game, I found it boring.Battery life, I felt like it didn't really last all that long before I was having to recharge it, maybe five hours. of course it depends on what you doing and in the bottom right corner, you could bring up a little display that would show if the GPS or wifi was on, etc. but there were several other symbols that I had no idea what they meant and I couldn't really get them to stay long enough in view, because they would slide back over out of view. There were like 7-8 symbols that displayed, but only half of the were vissible unless you slide over to side to see the other symbols.There were very few documents that came with the device, maybe if they had something that came with it that explained more of the features and how to properly use them.The last straw was when I was using a website to search for airline tickets for our vacation. I had typed in the three letters for the airport but the tablets was acting like there was noting typed in the provided field.I was wanting a tablet because I though they would be faster to use. They are a little faster than a laptop when first turing on, but I'm not impressed with tablets and am now researching which laptop to buy.
asus-transformer|I must say this is the most pathetic tablet out there. costant problems with the screen and it seems to have a mind of it's own.
asus-transformer|I was very shocked with the poor screen quality and color depth. The colors are faded and dull. I was very disappointed. I have richer colors and much better picture quality on my cell phone. I wish I would have purchased an Ipad2 or a samsung galaxy 10.1.
asus-transformer|I thought I would buy a tablet rather than a laptop for its portability but I am living to regret my stupidity. First, after 12 hours charging first it, then the so called 15 hour battery/docking station I also bought, it would not turn on. I had to find a pin small enough to stick into the "reset" hole just to finally get it on! There appear to be no apps loaded on it, despite a list showing up when I poke on the All button. There are no directions on how to open them. The manual essentially just tells you how to turn the crappy thing on and THAT IS IT! Waste of $500- Run don't walk from ASUS products! If I could give it 0 stars I would.
asus-transformer|On paper this seems like a great tab i was trying to decide between the galaxy tab2 10.1 an the asus transformer .tf300 had issues with 3 .tf300 slow browser apps hanging up switched back to back to galaxy and i know on paper the galaxy doesn't measure up i put them both through their paces
asus-transformer|I bought this for my wife last week. She is very busy, so I set it up for her. After playing with it for a couple of hrs. She told me that it froze in FB several times, while opening photos and trying to post on her groups.She likes the concept (she has a Droid Bionic phone), but she preffers an ultrabook. She doesn't think that the technology on this item is there yet, in comparison to her laptop.We went to BestB to check the Asus Zenbook that was on sale for $949, but they have been out of stock for weeks.I guess I'll wait for the new Zenbook with the Ivy Bridge CPU next month.
asus-transformer|It looks like I am gonna be the first person who write a 1 star review.....As TF300 been released from amazon, I pre-ordered it right after I hear from it. And here I just finish drop off the return package to the UPS and write a pretty objective report(or I think...)what's great:1. Tegra-3 processor, 4 core.1G Ram(some said it is 2G), 32G storage. since I am not a gaming person, I would like to leave speed part blank since I really don't think I tested this. Price-wise, this is THE most worthy to buy tablet.2. ICS 4.0. A OTA is available right after you turn on the tablet. right now it is running at ICS 4.0.3.3. Wifi works great, so does GPS. the indicator does not seems so accurate since it sometimes shows "poor signals" while it says excellent in the setting page.what is not so great......1. screen:Asus down grade the screen from IPS+ to IPS form tf201. It was not a significant difference, but it is becoming hard to read under the sun vs. tf201 is nice and clear. Color is not perfect, in my opinion. it is turning to be to over bright that some of the pictures would loose details.A big problem of the screen, also is the reason I decided to return it, is this. refer to this video:([...]). I have a same problem as shown on the video, on both the original one and the replaced one amazon mailed me. I am not too sure if it is a problem on the design or due from the software, since I upgrade my tablets once it come to me. But I don't want to waste time to give another shot since it have be present on 2 trys.2. plastic back:It does have a same size as TF201, however the plastic and the circles on the back makes it looks fat. Also not as stable as TF201. the gorilla glass is removed from this tablet, that make it feels soft. I mean, while you are holding this tablet on a corner, it feels bent for a small angle. On the left corner of mine, it clips when I am holding it with one hand. I result it from the softness of the back material.3. file system? (not so sure, may due for my wrong operation)In it's file, there are some sample pictures and musics. It took me a whole night to try to delete those files. and irony, I didn't find out it comes back after I reboot. Also, while I was trying to copy me music file to the tablet, several times, It shows a copy window but not copying. I'm in Windows 7, by the way.Thanks for great service from amazon. Tablets comes fast and did not give me any worry when I try to replace or return it.(returning the second one, hopefully not...)So, I am not recommending this tablet right now. problems might be solved after several batches. Just like the Transformer prime, TF201, It does have a great processor and strong capacity on gaming. But if one is not in to gaming or if games you play does not require too much. better not to try this product right now.
asus-transformer|I bought this to use as a director's monitor while I'm shooting. The first day of shooting, I put it in my bag next to my macbook pro (both had neoprene sleeves) and when I took it out, the screen was GONE. The item has been used at home very lightly, no dropping, no hitting, NOTHING.And the first day when I needed to really USE it, it was gone.Not only it kind of ruined my shooting, it also made me look unprofessional to the crew and the actors.I could not even delete my personal data when I returned because I simply could not access the device at all, had to change my gmail password.The lesson I learned from this experience,NEVER TRUST A THIN TABLET FOR REAL LIFE PROFESSIONAL EVENTS.
asus-transformer|ASUS Transformer TF300 T-B1-BL 10.1-Inch 32 GB Tablet (Blue)I tried this and returned after 4 days. ery stressful to use. Want a site then to run the site they do not tell you want application you need to power the site and down load, Also then becomes a browser issue, one site in partiular(as if you are suppose to know needs the Dolphin Browser, but ehich one . There about 30 dolphon browsers. Then sometime you need to swith to desktop view from regular view> Who knows? Not a big fan of virtual keyboards. Drove me crazy. I will take a nice fast PClaptop anyday over this. I admire anyone that use this this and not be violentlt stressed. My high Hopes were dashedASUS Transformer TF300 T-B1-BL 10.1-Inch 32 GB Tablet (Blue)....not also sold for 349.99 at Microcenter
asus-transformer|I received my tf300t from amazon yesterday. Right out of the box it turns out to be a disaster!! WTF!! touch screen unresponsive right out of the box from ASUS!! Even chinese tablet can do better than this. Totally disappointment. And I have to return to Malaysia on Monday. I have no choice but to ask for refund. The leather case that i bought will be a total waste!!
asus-transformer|Screen is not responsive. I got one a week ago through bestbuy and it was not working properly. Returned it.
asus-transformer|Not recommended, this is a useless piece of technology. I am stuck with a non responsive screen for weeks with no solution except to scrape it. Be very careful and think twice before buying it. No stars for this junk. only giving one star as the stupid system would not accept my review without a star, ha!
asus-transformer|FACTORY RESETS WONT SAVE THIS JUNKAn honest review from a unhappy customer. Let me start of by saying maybe I got a defective unit, but at 350 dollars ++ there is no room for failure.Tablet seems slightly flimsy with the cheap plastic back. Updated the software to the latest ICS.Downloaded Time Warner application, started application, crashes tablet... Auto reboot.Tried to copy some movies to the tablet via USB, over 20 attempts random reboots each time. Downloaded ASUS software, rebooted pc seemed to fix issue.Tried to play installed MKV files, NO SOUND. Downloaded player from Market ... Crash and rebootWrite this review and return tablet for a refund, purchase Ultra notebook OR Ipad 3Done1 plus with this table - It boots up fast, but thats will be needed for the constant reboots
asus-transformer|I spent many agonizing hours waiting for my new ASUS Transformer Pad TF300. The day it arrived from Amazon, I unpacked it, put it on charge - as suggested, and waited some more. When I finally was ready to use the device, I was disappointed to find the device would not turn on. No matter how much I trues to hard boot,soft boot, etc. the device would not respond. I'm not happy about the device, but I am very impressed by Amazon. They dispatched a new item as soon as I sent the return request. Thanks Amazon! Bad ASUS!
asus-transformer|I ordered my TF300 on Sunday and I got it in the mail the next day, and I chose free shipping, so that was very awesome on Amazon part.However, for the product, I can only say... it's ok.I got this tablet for my mom, who is an elderly and doesn't know any IT stuff (doesn't even have a smartphone). Just wanted to let her play some brain/memory app games to give her brain some "exercises". So, I thought a decent Android tablet should be sufficient for such purpose. I didn't want to get a super cheap one because I wanted to make sure the tablet performs well so that she can play without screaming "What's wrong with this thing?" or "Hey! come help me!!" all the time (looks like this tablet doesn't help me prevent this). when you get something cheap, you get what you paid for.I downloaded a few high rating memory games, the Market app crashed several times. It was quite annoying. But, what's more annoying is the tablet crashed several times too, and it hasn't been 24 hours yet since the delivery.But, when it's not crashing, the speed is fine. the color and screen is good. The back camera is good too. Well, again, it's been less than 24 hours, I haven't explored or observed everything on this tablet.If this tablet is for myself, I'll definitely return it and bite the bullet to get an iPad. Now, I'm still considering whether I should return this or not because the crashing really bugs the heck outta me. And I didn't get it on sale.would I recommend this? right now, I'd say no to IT people. For people who doesn't care, sure, why not, but it's not cheap though.I'm just very disappointed!!!!!!
asus-transformer|Pros:- Reasonable price- SD card extension- Free office software suite- Good cameraCons:- The screen surface is not perfectly flat. There are some irregularities.- Slow. I have an iPad2. When I press the same link on the browser each at the same time, iPad2 shows the web page's contents faster.- Cannot work with MS Bluetooth keyboard 6000. I had to buy the docking keyboard because of that.- Docking keyboard's price is not reasonable.
asus-transformer|If there were a way to give 0 or minus stars, I would have done it. Please don't buy this product, read the forums first. There is an issue with rebooting, and it looks like some Transformer tablets suffer from it, and some don't. If you are unlucky to get the one with rebooting issues, which means it constantly reboots, with no rhyme or reason, even fresh out of the box, before you install any new apps, then there is nothing you can do short of returning it and getting a new one. And then yet again your new one might suffer from the same issue, it seems to be quite a prevalent problem.
asus-transformer|HOW CAN ANYONE RATE THIS TABLET 5 STARS? Unbelievable. Spent an hour in Best buy playing with one of these yesterday, just to make sure I don't want to return my Acer A510 to switch. The 300 performed fine, but the CHEAP CONSTRUCTION was just a deal breaker. Hold the tablet on both sides and flex it in an upward arch just a little bit towards the screen.... what happens? First, the tablet does actually flex EASY, and the screen distorts. Now take a finger and press with light/moderate pressure on the thin plastic back...... the screen smudges/distorts in that area, just like a cheap laptop. Also, how can anyone rate a tablet with serious light bleed in dark scenes "5 star"? Naive. That must mean there will be other tablets that earn 6 stars?? My tablet does not flex, and I can't press hard enough on the back to get the screen to distort (my Acer a510). In other words, the Transformer 300 will need to be transported and treated like its breakable. I'm not afraid to put my Acer in a full backpack, or lay other things on top of it while its in the case. Imagine if iPhones had flimsy plastic backs. Also, my screen DOES NOT have light bleed, dark scenes in movies are DARK.
asus-transformer|Opened the box, peeled off the plastic covering, plugged in to charge, turned it on but was confronted with a black screen. I tried a variety of button presses but it still wouldn't turn on. I decided to plug the connection into my PC and it recognised the device, allowing me to browse it's files. Amazon are sending me a new one (thank you Amazon) and the replacement had better blow me away. This is the first Asus product I've ever bought and it's NOT a good first impression at all.Received replacement. Edited review after 1 week of use:My experience seems to be in line with many others in that when it's working, its a great little companion; Graphically intensive games run smooth, video playback stutter free, wi-fi and Google services running as they should do. Like others, I'm beginning to run into issues that shouldn't arise out of such outstanding hardware; Netflix constantly freezes, Web browser freezes, Gmail freezes, screen tearing on one of my favourite games.Having said that, I'm confident that this is a software problem and ASUS will release an update soon.Pros:- Ice Cream Sandwich when it works- Good solid hardware. I don't get people's issue with flex unless they're really trying to bend it!- Outstanding wi-fi performance- battery life is as advertised. I'm getting 7-8 hours solid use before charging- MicroSD expansionCons:- apps crashing / freezing- minor screen tearing issue- speakers not as capable as I'd have wished. My wife's Kindle Fire is louder!Upgraded from 1 star to 3 with potential for 5 should ASUS issue a proper fix.
