asus-padfone|i absolutely love my phone and get so many compliments on my phone. i would absolutely recommend this product to anyone
asus-padfone|I ordered this phone and absolutely love it! It is such a good deal when you compare how much is costs for what you get in comparison to the Samsung Note or all other name brand phones out there that cost an arm and a leg. It works with at&t pay as you go unlimited service and wifi. I havent had any problem getting anything to work on it yet. All apps and everything work perfectly. I was weary to buy this phone because it seemed too good to be true, a legit smartphone for around $200, but I am so glad I did. I really do love it. I would review all of the features and functions, but if you go to youtube, you can see reviews already out there which show it exactly for what it is. I definatley recommend this phone if you want an awesome phone for a good price.
asus-padfone|This phone has not met my expectations in relation to its capacity to process data. I transfetred my number from a small Samsung and the Samsung processed a lot faster on same sevice plan. Overall, it is worth the price, if not less if possible. Its capabilities r great. Just isnt fast.
asus-padfone|Is this some bootleg phone? I looked all over the internet to see who makes this but cannot find anything.does anyone know?
asus-padfone|its best mobile in world ,big screen internet every thing work good ,camera also very good and you can see every thing in this mobile so many type game ,live map its very good .
asus-padfone|languages &#8203;&#8203;that this phone works? bring SpanishI need to know if Spanish language brings to buyI look very good for the views and the price but I need that answer, thanks
asus-padfone|The phone is exceptional in terms of its multi-functionality, the internets connectivity is excellent, but the phone lacks wifi-hotspot within.
asus-padfone|First of all this review is taken from the standpoint of value. There are things about this phone that aren't as good as the Galaxy Note 2 but then again you are only paying about $225 without a contract compared to $650.The screen of the phone has a great resolution at certain angles, it gets kind of dark and shaded if you hold it at the wrong angle. To get the best picture, the top of the phone needs to be held slightly farther away from your face. Call quality is good and the phone is surprisingly smooth for only having a dual core processor.The phone has a "reset" option that will clear out the RAM and generally help with the speed of the device, this should probably be done once a week. The phone actually has a fast "boot up" so it's not that bad. This won't delete any of your saved files just temporary stuff that you don't need.It takes decent pictures and videos I am very critical in this respect so they are probably pretty good compared to some other devices. It says in the settings that it takes 8 megapixel photos but I haven't checked that yet.It links well with the android marketplace using my existing Google login. It is large but let's face it, you know that when you buy it. It's not as user friendly as some higher end devices and it takes a little getting used to but I didn't mind it for the savings.I am using it on AT&T and it works well with their edge data net. I am going to be changing to Straight Talk and I will update this review once I know how it works with that service, should be the same as AT&T. Overall this is a very nice phone for the money!Update 1-7-13Something else I should mention, and I apologize for not saying this sooner, I do not have 3G service where I live. I will be traveling to a 3G area this weekend and will update this with the results. Also if you buy this phone and have a hard time getting the data to work, give it time. It took the phone about a half hour to "learn" the IP and connect well for data. There should be shaded arrows in the signal strength indicator, if they are there it will work for you.Update 1-15-13I was in an area with 3g service this weekend and the phone changed to a different mode and began downloading faster. It has an 'E' displayed next to the signal strength indicator normally. It changed to an 'H' and started clocking 3g speeds. I also found an area where it changed to a 'G' and started working at even faster speeds. I'm not sure what that means, maybe 4g? I know the area has it but I didn't think this phone could use it. Don't take my word for it but the phone was downloading very quickly. That should be it for the updates, I will continue to answer questions in the comment area. Thanks for looking!
asus-padfone|I order this phone with a little draw back due to lack of reviews. I own, Samsung Galaxy II and Samsung Galaxy, Iphone 3, so I have &#34;been trained&#34; to expect certain things and be able to put up with a lot of crap from the &#34;big companies&#34;. Apple tights your hands behind, Sprint is not far from them, they ask you for more and more money for each functionality. T mobile used to be behind but a better company, nowadays.So here is the new Pad Phone. Pretty big but GREAT for reading the WEB, We pay so much for premium and barely can see what is on the browser, slowly moving from page to page etc. Email and Internet is good to the device. The video player is great, 16:9/4:3 full screen and even more a little window pop up after you push the home sign, it stays on top and let you navigate and do other things inside the phone. Signal with a T mobile Sim is good. Camera is good as well. Do not expect a Canon quality it is a phone camera for God sake but enough for pics on the road and sharing great moment.One thing you have to get it and accept: leave it alone when it is plug in, it just can not handle many function at that moment.I think this is the reason that you are getting 2 battery for a good coverage of the day regardless of the plug in charge or not.Would I recommend this phone? YES, I have no perks for writing this, but I am sick of all this big Corporations overcharging and on top of that keep you as a milking cow.
asus-padfone|I had been playing with this phone for the past few days and Iam having a blast. I also purchased this device from Edgecutter because they were one of the two people in the US that sells this phone. I am by no means a phone guru but I have nothing but high regards for this device I have placed my tmobile sim card into the device and the phone works great except that I can't get 3G on my PADPHONE while I got it on my tmobile phone. I will be switching to NET10 to see it works so that I can get 3G speeds. The phone did come with everything advertised and the camera is pretty good as well, but like a said before I am no phone guru so I am the capabilities of this device impresses me.
asus-padfone|I have been using it for 2 weeks and it works just fine. It works in 3G and 3.5G in Mexico (with Telcel and Movistar). It does not work with Iusacell because I think they need a CDMA phone or a different band. Check that the band is the correct one for your carrier before ordering because is missing 900Mhz and 1900MHz for 3G/3.5G. It does have 850Mhz and 2100Mhz only. If you are going to using only for GSM (2G) then you will have no problem because it does have the 4 bands, however is not worth it to spend on such a phone only for GSM.It looks like the Samsungs Note II but larger. Looks good quality. The difference so far is the prices (savings of $400). The difference will be with the upgrades for Android if needed. I have not found a support site for it so far where I can get upgrades. I only have found on glitch in Android so far (it turns the screen off when calling very seldom so I have to power off and on again). I will call the seller and check if they know of any support site where I can download an upgrade when available if needed. So for now is 4 stars due to this.
asus-padfone|This phone looks very nice and has a huge screen, but not so huge resolution.... Come with a couple batteries that are bigger than many phones... lol... With that said, the performance was poor. It was slow to respond to swipes and touches. I could not call several phone numbers as it would error saying the numbers were not valid... no clue what that was about. Even when a called from one of those numbers successfully, I could not call the number back, even from the call log. Just crazy! It worked well on WiFi as far as speed is concerned, but I could not get much from the mobile data. It does not appear to have 3G/4G frequency needed for AT&T. Looks like the best I could receive was around 125Kbps at that wasn't consistent Yeah it sucked...If you are looking to use mobile data, please know your frequencies because I did not. Unfortunately, this had to be returned... Good luck!
asus-padfone|WARNING: Do not Get stuck with a piece of crap! and waste endless frustrating days like I did as you may not test these issues UNTIL IT'S TOO LATE! CAVEAT EMPTOR (Latin for - buyer beware!)FACTS:1. I ordered this PADPhone 6.0" AMOLED Screen, Android 4.0.9 OS MT6577-1.2GHZ Black Color on February 23 2013 from Amazon for my Dad.2. I am very familiar with the Android operating system: I own a Samsung Galaxy 2 bought couple of years ago,right here from Amazon.3.I manage a android software development team for mobile application development. (by virtue of our work we techies tend to be more patient with technology when it comes to making it work).4.Previously, I have ordered from Amazon and been very pleased with the products sold here till I placed this order based on the "Great Reviews".QUESTION: Am I the only verified Amaazon buyer of PADPhone 6.0" AMOLED Screen, Android 4.0.9 OS MT6577-1.2GHZof who has documented these problems (since most others have written just GLOWING reviews????)ISSUES:WATCH OUT FOR THESE: (Test immediately)1. CHECK YOUR SCREEN: I noticed that it appears to me as if the seller sent me a used product. (which I would even be glad to overlook considering the hours (days I have spent trying to get this piece of junk to work!). The charger tip seems slightly bent but I would have been willing to live with those superficial inconveniences provided the product performed as promised.2. CHECK IF GPS TRULY WORKS: I downloaded several compass programs from Google Play Store and the GPS would not work (I have the same compass programs on my Samsung galaxy 2 working). I spent 5 days trying to trouble shoot it to no avail. Do not be fooled if google maps work because it uses cell towers for triangulation as a substitute gps. (DONT BE FOOLED BY GPS ICON blinking) verify that it WORKS!3. TEST Wireless Connectivity ASAP: To this date I am fed up (today is April 9 2010. The wifi locks up and when it works it work intermittently. The settings screen lock up at the most inopportune time as well4. BLUETOOTH CRAPS OUT: I've spent 2 DAYS trying everything to get it to work with ANY blue tooth device. It detects a bluetooth device intermittently and freezes ???5. QUALITY: This product was not shrink wrapped. Batteries are wrapped like a piece of used chocolate in a silver foil---! Just how did this phone make it through quality control! May be I am dumb but I don't see a website, a tech support number! try a Google search on PadPhone! as of today April 9, 2010 there is HARDLY any support or search items to be found!QUESTION: My question to you is How in the world are people giving glowing reviews for this product!!! Am I the only one who had a bad experience with this product? Are these reviews by individuals (who have posted positive reviews) truly verified Amazon buyers of this product?Please do yourself a favor and atleast test the 4 of the 5 ISSUES that I have documented immediately upon receiving the PADPhone 6.0" AMOLED Screen, Android 4.0.9 OS MT6577-1.2GHZ (also is it really 1.2 Ghz??)CONCLUSION: I am returning this product and I am very disappointed as I was mislead into believing that this was a good product when my experience has been clearly otherwise. I hope your experience is a positive one.
asus-padfone|This phone is big ! Nice clear 6.0&#34; screen, solid feel. Comes with a spare batteryand a case. The case actually doubles as the back cover of the phone so you savesome room.The wireless and Bluetooth work well, call quality is clear on both ends.Not sure some reviewers are complaining about speed for. This phone worksfine for me. Sure it's not as smooth and fast as a Galaxy Note. If you want something assmooth and fast as a Galaxy Note, then crack open the wallet and buy one.For the money, you are getting a really nice device.
asus-padfone|had reservations at first but once i received the phone, I was quite pleased, it was everything they said it was and more, i tried net10 service at first, wow what a disappointment in Vegas so know i ordered a sim from Solavei see what happens but yea never again will i purchase from the buy ripoff guys, the only issue i had was you have to assign a ringtone to each contact because it will not ring from the default ringer until you pick one, and the als-calibration had to be done twice, because every time i tried to make a call the screen would go dark and vibrate then reboot, but issue was fixed after i emailed the seller and they advised me on the fix. i would highly recommend this phone if you are looking for a 6 inch phone and don&#34;t want to pay the enormous prices then this is the ticket.
asus-padfone|Ok. I really had to exercise the art of PATIENCE when waiting for this phone to arrive. After taking 31 days to reach me, the phone so far has been worth it.I have not gone to a prepaid company and had it activated but i called T mobile and they said they would be able to do it if I brought it in.It came with headphones, 2 batteries, charger, etc- but no case :( However, a screen protector was affixed to it already and it fits so well I hardly noticed it was on there! Feels sturdy and not hollow- nice big, bright screen. Sleek black- not cheap looking at all. Cameras look crisp and come out well.Google account verified and loaded in seconds. Play store is authentic. So far, so good and im really happy! Thanks to the seller for putting up with my incessant emails as well :)UPDATE- If you're on the East Coast, 'H20 Prepaid' service (a smaller prepaid company within AT&T) works well on this phone. The IMEI was valid and they were able to set me up within 10 minutes after T Mobile had no clue how to work the phone. The data is pretty fast, Im surprised. The sound is clear too. No echo, no lag.) Im impressed! Everyone wants to know where i got it- The iphone has nothing on this, trust me. #TeamAndroid
asus-padfone|What I received thats different from that is stated.1.0 ghz CPU suppose to be a 1.2ghz (complaining cause the 1.2ghz would make a big difference compare to just the 1.0ghz)Android 4.1.1 suppose to be 4.0(not complaining)512 Ram2GB internal storage3600mah Battery (received 2, not complaining)I received my phone a couple of days ago and have been tinkering with it ever since. The box shows a orange phone but mine's black. The charger was DOA. All the micro USB at the store wouldn't sit inside they keep popping out or wouldn't charge. I had to somehow put a piece of form inside and made sure the micro usb doesn't pop out to be able to charge it. After doing my research I learn that theres a unusual longer micro USB that I can only find online that might work. I did contact the person i bought it from if I can get a new charger and he was very nice about it and is sending me a new charger. Slow response and sometimes it would lag. Data is slow. Can't pick up 3g cause T-mobile use a 3g frequency that this phone don't have.There is a great review on the same phone thats on the orange color one I wish I would of read that review before I bought this phone. There are other websites that sell this product at a cheaper price and I regret not looking around before I buy it here. Other than that I like the phone so far and loving the free case that came with it.Will be waiting for my new charger, hopefully everything goes well.Update: After using it for about a week. I found out that the headphone jack doesn't fit with the standard US jack and it keep on popping out. The proximity sensor keeps acting up on me. My screen would blink when I get a incoming calls and outgoing calls. I found no way to fix it. Very disappointed in this phone.
