tablet|This is a terrific product. My wife bought me one foe Xmas and suddenly it turned into ours. She now has her own and my sex life has decreased because it's very addictive.
tablet|My screen cracked within 6 days of having this it fell exactly one inch and bam iPad cracked but I digress this is a awesome device and pages looks better here than on my computer it is great for productivity and just plain fun and games I love it just I wish it wasn't so fragile
tablet|The good: Apple's iPad 2 is dramatically thinner and boasts front and rear cameras, FaceTime video chat, a faster processor, and 3G options for both AT&T and Verizon.&#8232;&#8232;The bad: The iPad's screen resolution hasn't budged, photo quality is mediocre, there's still no Adobe Flash support, and ports for HDMI, USB, and SD all require adapters.&#8232;&#8232;The bottom line: The iPad 2 refines an already excellent product. Its easy-to-use interface, vast app catalog, and marathon battery life bolster Apple's claim to being the king of tablets.&#8232;Overall, I would recommend you buy this.
tablet|I have the white iPad 32gb with wifi. This product has changed the way I do thing for school and at home. Now instead of lugging around a heavy laptop, I can take this to class and have all my books, notes, and the internet with me. It has made studying a lot more streamlined.At home, the iPad is excellent. I love that I can add a new interactive level of entertainment to some TV shows!Overall it's another solid product from Apple.
tablet|Without a doubt, my iPad is by far the most useful and FUN electronic purchase I have ever made. I wish I had purchased it before spending money on other products, which are nice, but not as wonderful as my Apple iPad. This statement is coming from a 71-year old who has had NO problems with it. One more important thing........AMAZON is a great company to work with. You can even speak to a human if need be. I am sending this via iPad since my 2- year old computer is being repaired!!!!
tablet|I love playing games, searching the web, typing things on my ipad2. It is quite a bit lighter then the original ipad.
tablet|I love my IPad! I still have much to learn about its full features but it's great for web browsing, checking e-mail and social networking. I purchased the wifi one because I don't need another monthly expenditure. However, it's great for books too. I can't wait to save money by purchasing e-textbooks instead of getting ripped off by the bookstore at my school.
tablet|After owning an iPad 2 for several months, I have to say that it's overhyped and I can't recommend itInitially, it seemed wonderful. I had all these plans and apps to transition a lot of my daily tasks to it, such as news, reading, and notes. However, one by one, I stopped using the iPad for each different task because it's inferior to my other devices in each category. When I read news, I'm either already at my desk and computer already, or I just want to whip out my smartphone and read a quick article. In terms of note-taking, the software options for notes and document editing on the iPad are absolutely awful compared to full PC programs. Furthermore, don't expect to use the touch screen for any real amount of typing. Its auto-correct is very prone to messing you up without you noticing. The list goes on.So sure, it's a multi-functional device, but it's basically the worst of all worlds. It was fun at first, but as soon as the novelty wore off, it just became a chore to use the iPad for anything compared to other methods. I eventually realized I was only using it at all to justify my ownership of it, rather than for practical reasons. At last, today, I found it collecting dust in my room and turned it on to discover that I hadn't used it at all in a month.Yes, it is a good looking, small, lightweight device. Yes, it has some useful applications. But for me, your average office worker and college student, is it practical or useful? No.
tablet|"Looks Brand New, No scratches on screen or back. Clean screen, Runs fast. Seller shipped immediately. This is a gift and all parts came with the original box (various inspection stickers on box). I was skeptical about buying used from Amazon and an unknown seller but I am completely satisfied. I've used it for the passed 4 days now (product arrived in 5 days-including weekends). Works great!" seller got a perfect score. Shipping was safe with tamper tape untouched. Very pleased.
tablet|I love my new IPad and I would recommend it to anyone who likes the ease of getting on the internet, reading emails, and reading e-books.It's a hot commodity in my household and everyone wants to use it.Worth the money for lots of enjoyment time with whatever your computer needs!
tablet|When we recieved it it did not work and we had to send it back in order to have it replaced. When we recieved what we thought would be a replacement it was the same one they just repaired what was wrong with the original one. They were very nice though and helped resolve the problem.
tablet|Got this for my daughter for Christmas. She is using it for college and loves it very much.. She can do sooo much on it.
tablet|I bought this for my wife after getting her a Kindle Fire (1st Gen). She loved her Kindle Fire for reading but I found her playing games and video on my iPad. I bought her this and now she rarely touches her Macbook Pro. She still prefers reading on a Kindle Paperwhite since 7&#34; tablets/E-Readers are so much easier to hold but for everything else she loves her iPad.
tablet|I have had every android tablet on the market, from the acer aconia tab, to the samsung galazy tab, to the blackberry playbook, all the way to the amazon kindle, and now i have the ipad as well. The ipad is noce, the app store is nice, the screen is big, but i like it. I have it in an otterbox defender series case which makes the tablet seem heavy, but the protection is well worth it, and the case's weight I became accustomed to. This is a great product, woth a lot of features, and completely worth the money. But there may be a few cheaper sites to find it (cowboom) but that is only sometimes. I received mine from amazon and am completely happy and pleased. Awesome tablet.
tablet|This iPad was listed as being new. It froze after less than 3 months and when sent to Apple for repair, I find out that I am the second owner.SHAME ON YOU AMAZON!! From now on I will be very, very careful when buying anything from Amazon.
tablet|We love the compactness...reliability and the speed with which it runs. Great for travel, around the house or around town. Still need the laptop but the iPad is an awesome fillin.
tablet|I have a kindle and a lap top and a mac and an iPhone. There really is no comparison between Kindle and iPad so I won't go there but I do think that this ipad could replace my PC. It does everything that I use the PC for and it fires right up instead of having to plug in and boot up and sign in etc. Yay
tablet|I am absolutely in LOVE with my iPad 2(: I couldn't ask for more. Apps Flawless, movies flawless, screen& pictures are amazing!!!!Likes1. Screen2. Resolution3. Keyboard4. IMessage5. Battery6. Build Quality7. iOS GeniusDislikesHaven't found any!!!!!
tablet|I was very excited to get a great deal on a 'new' IPad 2. I called Amazon to make sure that the item was indeed new. They assured me that yes, it was. I received my 'new' iPad 2 today and surprise, surprise, it was filled with apps already, and still had someone's else photos and emails in it. Had it been advertised as used, I would have expected this. This seller needs to be clear about what he or she is actually selling. The fact that they did not even remove the previous owners information made it worse. Beware of this seller!!!!
tablet|I have a Galaxy phone, so I thought lets try apple. Like it a lot, but most of the apps are paid, in galaxy they have a &#34;black market&#34; so.... My mom's galaxy tablet has on the camara FLASH to be able to take pictures at night, this one doen't. that's why I'm giving it a 4 stars. SHOULD HAVE FLASH ON THE CAMERA.
tablet|We were very skeptical to purchase a refurbished Apple IPAD but when we received the IPAD you couldn't tell if it was new or slightly used. We have had it about 2 months now and is working like a charm! Great product and MUCH cheaper than a new one!!
tablet|I did quite a bit of research before finally deciding on buying the iPad 2. The iPad was easily my last choice of all tablets when i started my search, because i have had a bad history with apple and i swore off all of there products. I noticed a trend when i start going deep into the reviews and previews of competitor tablets, and that trend was that everything hoped to rival the iPad. There are decent alternatives, but unfortunately the iPad is still the tablet to beat.I choose the iPad 2 of the iPad 3, because for the upgrades from the predecessor were not of any interest. I take photos on a dslr, and if i want to watch HD videos then i can watch them on my laptop.So far i am guilt fully enjoying the iPad 2. It has proved to me more useful than I envisioned: It's productivity apps work across multiple platforms, it's home to one of my favorite card games (magic 2013!), and it's internationally user friendly (chinese gf).My biggest complaint is more on the OS and hardware side of things. I wish that the iOS allowed for exporting files to an external hdd. That would have made this product prefect for me.
tablet|I must admit that I was a little scared to buy my iPad from any other seller than directly from Apple. Received my Ipad way sooner than I expected which was great! It arrived in its original Apple packaging and I was also able to get working without any issues whatsoever! It's a bigger version of my iPhone and is really convenient when I travel. I don't need to worry about the "extra weight" from hauling around a big ol' laptop. Love it! Love it! Love it!
tablet|I am very happy with this purchase!! Not only did it arrive quickly, but it was in very good condition as promised. I could not be happier. If i am in need of anything like this again I will definitely buy from this seller. 5 stars well deserved. I am enjoying this ipad....purchase was well worth the money!! Thanks
tablet|this product is basically a benig phone that you can't call on. I love it a lot! Its light and thin so easy to carry and there are so many apps to enjoy. It is very easy to get internet from it then from my laptop and I think its the technology of the year! You've got to get this. If you don't, you don't know what your missing!!!
tablet|Well lets see, the graphics are amazing, the memory is ample, the music playing is wonderful whats not to love. The only thing i'd say is that it feels a little over priced (like all apple products). I recommend you buy this and get the two year insurance plan from Geek Squad and a case for the back and a cover.
tablet|We chose to buy the IPad because at the time I thought it was important to get my son familiar with technology and I knew that there were a lot of educational apps that we could download for the iPad. So far our whole family absolutely loves using the iPad. We are always looking for a new application to download. This is a great piece of technology because the whole family can use it. My daughter who is 2.5 and my son who is 4 have absolutely no problem using it. My husband and I also use it for many different things. The best thing is that we can take it in the car and the kids can watch videos off of Netflix. We have a screen protector and a case on our iPad and it has been very durable. The kids have dropped it, stepped on it and carry it around with them and it doesn't have one scratch on it.
tablet|Love the product. got it before the estimated arrival date which is next. Shipped on the same day i ordered it. Ipad was new and had original packaging. Everything on it functions and im loving it. Deff a good buy. Good product. Got this ipad 3 stylus and a leather case for 590 something. totally worth it.This really comes in handy if your a college student like myself.the screen is big the keyboard is bigapps are lovelybattery life is pretty good (last long)i got this instead of the new ipad because itscheaper than that ipad and still a good product.Books look awesome on here.Con: Apple doesnt have microsoft office (they do have apps like keynote,etc which are somewhat like word,etc.) but i suggest everyone buy quickoffice pro hd. its price (20 dollars in the app store) may bug people but its cheaper than microsoft officeYou can use excel,powerpoint,word,etc. i use it for homework.10/10
tablet|I actually prefer the iPad 2 to the iPad 3. While I adore the new iPad's high resolution screen, the iPad 2 perfectly suits my reading, gaming, and productivity needs. iPad 2 is also lighter than the new iPad.
tablet|The iPad 2 is exactly what I needed. I chose this version over the "new" iPad due to concerns about heat generated and battery life. I am not an intense gamer or power user, but want to be able to keep in touch when I am gone somewhere and also be able to log in when all the other computers and laptops at home are in use by other family members.
tablet|I received my order as promised and very happy with my ipad2. It's exactly as it appeared online and the product performs to perfection. I also took it to Apple Store and everything checked out. I'm glad I purchased my ipad2 & the price was affordable too.
tablet|well i really do like this product!! i do think that the app store needs more interesting and fun games but the ones they do have are okay.....i use it all the time for everything! i even typed a script for english class on it although i couldnt find out how to print it! anyway ovrall i think if you have the first generation you dont need to upgrade because my freind has it and she says its just fine!!!!
tablet|For a Windows only user, this is a pretty good transition to touchscreen based computing. Best feature for Windows users - SUPERFAST BOOT TIME EVEN WHEN POWERED OFF. There are a few hiccups though. Cut, Copy, and Paste can be tricky. Transitioning between applications are fairly easy by pressing the home button twice. Another issue is usb. It's pretty much non-existent. Some forums state you might get lucky with your usb device using the camera connection hookup from Apple, but the only file types that can be read are pics. The biggest complaint is the same as many windows users going to an Apple product - NO FLASH. Overall it's pretty good, but I recommend the 32 gb over the 16 gb if you have the money like most Apple veterans tend to have. Added on 10/17/12: It's been 6 months now: An issue that unfortunately seems prevalent among many ipad users is the home button losing responsiveness.
tablet|I got this for my wife, but have not been able to pass it on. Of course, I needed to "check it out" and now I will have to buy one for her. Love it
tablet|As someone who loves gadgets and still rebels against getting the latest thing, the iPad 2 at a reduced $399 was the route I took when the new iPad came out last week. After converting to an iPhone and iMac last year, it seemed the logical next step.The true selling point is its portability. In bed, on the couch in front of the TV, and definitely for traveling-- this is a great accessory for checking email, Facebook, and browsing the web. The interface is simple and the display is great.The cons are minimal. As an e-reader, the backlit display is hard on the eyes, so I find myself going back to my Kindle with its e-ink screen. And I find myself reminded that the iPad is probably closer to an iPhone than a computer because it limits some of the videos you may want to see since there is no way to get the Flash Player plug-in, which so many sites require. YouTube and Netflix, however, work just fine. Although it was a bit frustrating when I paid for in flight wifi on a plane yesterday and still could not properly load a Netflix video.Overall, though, the iPad does exactly what it says it will do, which is giving the user a computer experience more personal and portable than a laptop. I have photos on it to share with others, church materials, kids books and games, magazines like People and Reader's Digest, and the all important Facebook app.It is more of a toy than a necessity, but what a fun toy it is!
tablet|Last year I made the leap from a laptop to the iPad 2 64gig on the AT&T network. I still carried the laptop incase there was something the iPad couldn't do. After 9 months i only had to takeout my laptop 6 times and that was for download files onto a memory stick to load onto a server I was working on. that is the only drawbac on this wonderful device. If apple ever makes it where you can plug in a usb stick and download files directly to it. The laptop as we know it will be a dinasuar.
tablet|Delivery : I have to admit,The seller was not joking about it , I got my item way before expected . One of a kind experience! Thanks so much for keeping your word and professionalism ! Product: I wish and I hope I'm not speaking too soon ( cross fingers) My iPad 2nd Generation is working good so far ( today 03/15/12 is my 1st day with it ). Thanks again for my Apple iPad 2 MC980LL/A Tablet (32GB, Wifi, White) 2nd GenerationSold by: That's What I Like . That's exactly what I said when I saw the package when I received it ! " That's what I like " LOL.PS.I know that you and Amazon will have my back in case something comes up ! I have being a customer of Amazon for so many years , I'm so happy about it ! I strongly recommend Amazon for your choice of ONLINE shopping ! Thank you to all Amazon employees !
tablet|I love this product and am hooked. Apple is quality. I had no trouble learning how to use it, it's pretty intuitive. I've been loading it up with apps and it has opened up a whole new world. Portable in it's case, a take everywhere device. It takes the place of my laptop for cruising the internet.
tablet|Bought my IPad from Amazon about 2 months ago and love it! Went with the 3G to demo a product to different businesses and didn't want to rely on wireless being available. Extremely happy, love it.
tablet|I love my iPad, there's not enough time in the day for me to be on it! I'm. Amazed at what this can expose me to, I can read about what's going on anywhere in this world, I have so many games, magazines,books, bibles, news papers and broadcast news, read and send Emails. I wonder what more the next iPad will have to offer. I ordered this iPad used but to me it's brand new. I'm 69 yrs old and still learning, I love modern tech. Thank you Amazon .com
tablet|Product works perfectly, I have no complain, it pick wifi quickly and updates itself every month, in fact I'm using it now to write this review.
tablet|My husband and I are seniors and we wanted a I-pad to use for Skype and Facetime. Our children walked us through the process and we love it! My husband enjoys crossword puzzles and uses it to help him with the puzzles.With practice we are becoming to like it more and more each day. It's easy to use and we use it every day to check the weather, news, etc.. This was a perfect item for us &#34;older folks&#34; to keep up with modern technology and keep in touch with family and friends.
tablet|That is why I chose it over the newer models. I also bought the camera adaptors which work just fine. I highly reccommend themfor those who want to load photos directly from a digital camera. Get a word processing App (I like Doucuments2) and you can load text/data also. I have not tried to transfer video directly from my video camera but I plan to see if that is possible. Glad I bought the 64GB model.I have an i-Pod Touch for when I need a very portable small, pocket size lightweight device. However the battery life on the Touch is short compared th the i-Pad2. Of course one must have a laptop/desktop/printer for the heavier tasks. And now I have the i-Pad2 for medium size tasks with medium portability, increased functionality and plenty of pure digital fun/toy possibilities. The operating system on this device is tried and true and by now has been tested over time. The screen and visuals are quite acceptable to these eyes. If you need more in terms of visuals then you may require one of the newer models. Otherwise the 'improvements' in the generations following the i-Pad2 are mostly cosmetic in this users humble opinion.I save 5 stars for perfection. This device falls only slightly short of that.Highly reccommended.
tablet|I purchased an Ipad 2 because I wanted a way to get my textbooks for class and not have to carry them all around in a heavy backpack. Imagine my surprise when I discovered, not only can I do this, but at half the cost! No heavy backpack, and over the last to semesters my Ipad has payed for itself in what it has saved me in textbook costs. But that isn't even all of it! I created a Dropbox and now I can look at documents for class, or review notes I have created while I am waiting for class. I have also downloaded study help apps and homework apps that keep me up to date on what assignments I have coming up.I also love the plethora of games and other activities available for when I have downtime. If is a lot of fun!My other favorite thing about this ipad is that I can watch movies, tv shows and everything else under the sun. It is crisp and clear and the big screen is wonderful!Love love love this device!
tablet|I was.sort of afraid to spend so much on a ipad cuz.I was.not familiar with tjem and didn't know anything about them but in so glad I did. I love it. There so many cool things u can do. Tons of great apps. Very great purchase.
tablet|It arrived on time and works great. It even had less less little scratches on the back than I expected. It looked almost new.
tablet|was able to pass the IPod touch to the kids, but now find they are sharing my IPad and the IPod so they both have something to play on! Easy to set up and use.
tablet|Being it as used, The power button is quit hard to use. NOT as touchy as it should be. but its good...
tablet|Some things are nice about the IPad. Some are not. It is very maddening to me that the gmail app is so unsatisfactory. My Dad who has had an IPad for a while mentioned before that the email app was about impossible for him to use. Now I know it wasn't only because of his eyesight problem.
tablet|It was a gift for my fiance's birthday. She loves using it. She has used her cell phone, but this takes the place of that and provides nearly every function a laptop would. Save sales tax and buy it online.
tablet|I know the IPAD 2 is not the newest but this unit has always done what I need. I needed more memory so I bought a second one and my last one is being used by someone else. Great deal on IPAD 2 as well, now that the others are available. I have never had a problem with the screen on the IPAD 2 so really don't see the need for the high res on the IPAD 3 especially when you give up the battery life in exchange. I know people with the IPAD 3 that would go back to the IPAD 2 if they had it to do over again. - My opinion
tablet|very good not englhis only spanish .... ...... ...... ...... ...... ..... ....... ...... ..... ... ... ... .... ...
tablet|Why spend all the money on the latest model when this one is so similar? We opted for a used iPad, with 64 gb of memory. So happy with it. Fit many movies on it for our kids as well as ALL of my hubby's music and videos. Hubby happy, kids happy and wife is happy. What more could you ask for?
tablet|This is everything I expected and more. Very easy to use and understand. Fast and no problems. Nice clarity. Good sound. Apple makes the best. Would recommend it over any other tablet.
tablet|My first one got stolen, and if I had to say there's room for improvement, they could work on some security app that would taze the person holding the IPAD if it were stolen, something basic like that. Otherwise, it's so easy to use and the ICloud thing saved me. I had just been on a trip with my old IPAD and all my photos were on that one. Luckily it had updated just before getting stolen, and all the pix were on my phone as well. Very happy camper!
tablet|Ian in love with this device, it's quick very sufficient.The shipper sent the product out very quickly. I do all my schoolwork on it& the battery life is awesome
tablet|Purchased this as a replacement for my OG IPAD and couldn't be happier. Would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a great tablet.
tablet|It works great love it. However going forward I would not by a cellular device I would save the money and purchase only a wifi device saving a lot of money. Free wifi is everywhere.
tablet|I bought this iPad for my two sons who are 5 and 3 because I was sick of them changing the settings and doing weird stuff to my laptop even with windows live family safety installed. This was my best purchase of the decade. The parental controls are amazing. I have Safari, iTunes, App Store, etc. all disabled. They have about 13 movies, 64 apps (mostly educational apps for letter tracing, coloring, baby Spanish, and so on), 28 books, and even Netflix for the weekends. They learned how to use it VERY QUICKLY! Within a day of showing them how to do stuff no more than once, they've pretty much mastered it. I have an Otterbox Defender case on it because they do abuse it quite a bit. When watching Netflix I hook it up to the TV so they don't have to worry about holding it. When we do leave the house and are away from WIFI they have plenty of content to keep them happy, esp in the car on long trips.I have an iPhone so I haven't use it for myself yet. If you have PC and are used to Windows 7 you will feel the iPad is extremely limited on what you can do. The onscreen keyboard is very awkward for my small hands when typing because the letters are so spaced out. My WPM drop dramatically on the iPad but pairing it with a Bluetooth keyboard I imagine will fix that problem, except that I've yet to see one that comes close to my Windows Keyboard. However, I just installed Windows 8 on my PC and I hate it so much I am considering selling it and purchasing an iPad for myself.I'm also saving up to get one for my 67 year old daddy whom calls me weekly asking me how to get the sound and video back working on Skype and how to get back to his FB page on his laptop. Some people just don't need a lot of settings to control!
tablet|I have had the 5.1 for almost a year. The lack of flash/adobe is now driving me to google. The device is OK but too many of the websites I visit use flash player. The workarounds are also a nuisance. There will probably be frustrations with the google device but I have had it with Apple.
tablet|Upon receiving the Ipad we had taken it out of the packaging and went to charge it. It wouldn't charge so I had sent in a rating and note to this supplier to have them contact us or advice us of next action. They immediately called and was completely helpful and understanding. It turned out the ussue had nothing to do with the purchased item at all. The ipad wouldn't charge because the outlet in the house was not working. Thanks to this purchase....we were even able to find out that we needed to get that outlet repaired.Thank you for your immediate attention and i do apologize for any inconvenience or possible reduction to your excellent service.My intention was never meant to do that but only have you contact us to advise how we could fix this issue.Many thanks,Steven Sousa
tablet|Was in the market for a tablet to be used during a planned international trip. I didn't want to lug mt 17" laptop through airport security and on to my destination. After considering cheaper options, including Samsung Galaxy and small 10-12" notebooks, I decided on the Apple. I've been using Apple IPOD's Classics for many years to store my ITUNES music library to play while at home, during trips and in my motor vehicles without any issues during the warranty periods and beyond. After speaking to both friends and family as well as reading reviews here on Amazon I decided to purchase the IPAD 2 16GB version. It's my first tablet & all I can say is it functions perfectly in my home using a refurbished Netgear 3500 wireless router for WIFI and a Bluetooth keyboard case from Trent also purchased here on Amazon. Screen resolution for the IPAD 2 is sharp & using the Safari browser for accessing my emails & internet browsing is easy to get acclimated to. For those who wonder if they should purchase the Apple Care extended warranty I suggest no unless you are planning on dropping the IPAD on a hard surface!
tablet|Awesome, what can I way, item is awesome and was brand spanking new when I got it, I expected a returned item to have the initial item shrink on iPad to be missing, but it wasn't it was great, amazingly fast shipping, super seller!!! Very trustworthy in the descriptions so don't worry, what you're seeing you're getting. Thanks so much!!!
tablet|This is a case of moving up from an IPhone to an IPad! Only issue was it was received witha dent on the corner, even though it was in its packaging which did not appear dented. Itfunctions as advertised and the screen size is so much more readable than the phone.
tablet|We recently ordered the iPad 2 from Amazon for our Daughter-in-Law's graduation from San Diego State University's graduate program in Nursing. We were very happy with the ordering and delivery experience. The iPad 2 is a viable alternative to the iPad 3 if pricing is an issue. The only sacrifices are in not having the Retina display and a lesser megapixel camera - the iOS software and apps are all the same. iPad 2 dimensions are the same as iPad 3 so all iPad accessories are transferable. We opted for the Verizon 3G version even though our daughter uses AT&T cell phone service. You can do this because iPad 3G service can be activated without a long term contract and in general Verizon's data coverage is better than AT&T in our daughter's service area.
tablet|My mom recently bought this ipad and loves it. It is well worth the price and is alot of fun playing. There are soo many things you can do such as watching movies, playing apps, searching the internet, listening to songs, overall its just a wonderful item to have. The screen and color is beautiful, and movies come out wonderful on the screen.
tablet|I love my iPad and find myself using it everyday. I wish I would have realized that it didn't have the 3G before I purchased it. I would recommend making sure it has 3G just so you can have the option.
tablet|Happy with the Apple iPad. Plenty of storage for my Wife's needs and having the Verizon data plan should give very good coverage.
tablet|Cant go wrong with an Apple IPad. What else can be said about this product that has not already been stated? For Less than $399 it was a steal! One definite is that this ipad2 is much more than what the average user will ever need!
tablet|We chose to buy the IPad because at the time I thought it was important to get my son familiar with technology and I knew that there were a lot of educational apps that we could download for the iPad. So far our whole family absolutely loves using the iPad. We are always looking for a new application to download. This is a great piece of technology because the whole family can use it. My daughter who is 2.5 and my son who is 4 have absolutely no problem using it. My husband and I also use it for many different things. The best thing is that we can take it in the car and the kids can watch videos off of Netflix. We have a screen protector and a case on our iPad and it has been very durable. The kids have dropped it, stepped on it and carry it around with them and it doesn't have one scratch on it.
tablet|Using it all the time. Learning to use it as a reader and ALL the other things it can do! Enough for me! good service from this dealer!
tablet|I am extremely happy with my iPad 2 purchase on Amazon. The item was exactly as described and arrived within a couple of days! Super easy to set up with Verizon and I have used it tons in the week I have owned it. Can't believe I didn't buy one earlier but the price I got was well worth waiting for...got a fantastic deal!!
tablet|It's not the router . Our laptop , and 2 iPhones work fine and pick up strong signals while the ipad 2 struggles to connect to networks even whilst sitting in front of a router . And it's not out router.. It's pretty much all wifi , whether my home, my parents or friends homes the thing struggles to get 1 bar . and as for 3G many times it says there's no SIM card detected . Doing much research I come to find out its a common issue with ipad 2 and Apple seems to not want to own up to this glitch .take it I. To apple and yes , they admit its a faulty antenna or wiring issue and its $250 to fix ( keep that in mind if you buy a refurb or pre owned w/o warranty ) I stumbled across an apple message board to a thread 130 pages deep of people all complaining the same issue . Just be aware that the ipad 2 when it does feel like working , is pretty great , but its temperamental and you'll never quite know if it will be a good day or a bad day with your ipad . The only temporary resolve is flipping it in and off airplane mode to stop it from freezing up, which I tend to do about 5 times a day . When it works , I love it .. Guess that's all I can say about that .
tablet|Pros: This is the best tablet out there in the market right now.Cons: the screen is really fragile and you should buy a cover the same thing you buy this.
tablet|This is my first tablet device, so I don't have a lot to compare it with. But except for some difficulty with some web forms not responding to touch input, it has been a great solution for someone who doesn't need a laptop, but wants to do some writing away from my desk.
tablet|This product worked great and was a great deal. Adaptable and functional, this product opens up all kinds of possibilities for entertainment and more functional applications.
tablet|I am still trying to get on to all of its wonderful qurikesIt is the first touch screen application that I have used..
tablet|The iPad 2 is the most fun item I've bought in a long time. It's very easy to use. I've become addicted to it.
tablet|My daughter has been wanting one sine i got my first one. She is going to go nuts on Christmas morning and am so glad i was able to get her started as a Apple consumer.
tablet|One of the best items on the market. Great for Students becauseyou will never need another sheet of paper with Apple iTunes Apps.
tablet|I always thought the iPad was kinda stupid. It seemed like an overgrown iPod touch and nothing more. My mind is now changed. I live in a very rural area and internet service is 80-90$ a month and extremely slow. So I had an idea &#34;hey, what if I use the 3G on an iPad as a supplement to wifi in my area. Turns out Verizon works great in my area and it is only 30$ a month with NO CONTRACT. I had no idea you could get 3G without a contract, for me that really sealed the deal. Now I am using Internet that is actually FASTER then wifi in my area! Since in am savings 50-60$ a month, the savings will pay for the device in 10months and end up saving me hundreds upon hundreds of dollars. I love it!The Internet is surprisingly easy to navigate and the touch keyboard is much easier to use then I thought it would be. If you are in an area where Internet is pricy and all you really do is surf the web, consider getting an iPad as an Internet device. I am pretty sure you can tether it to a laptop anyways and use Internet.For me, the iPad is an important, practical and HUGE money saving device !!!
tablet|Owning both the iPad 2 and iPad 3, there really isn't much of a difference unless you use 4G/LTE or want to play the very very select few games that run better on the iPad 3. The iPad 2 doesn't heat up. The iPad 3 does. The iPad 2 is a bit thinner and lighter (not much but notable). Contrary to what I'd expected, the 2540x1480 screen is almost useless. You still browse the web at only 720x1280, and most other commonly-used tasks. Only a handful of games are made for 2540 resolution; therefore, it's practically useless given the iPad 2 is nearly half the price of the 3rd and 4th generation (which are both too similar to distinguish). While the A4/A5/A6 processors differ, it doesn't translate into real life differences in overall performance for watching videos, mail, web browsing, etc. IMO the iPad 2 is s till the best tablet to come out in the past 3 years given that it's about half the price as those of its successors.
tablet|Ok it took me a while to jump on the Apple bandwagon, but I finally did. Although I purchased a used Ipad2 (didn't want to still pay 500.00) I have to say it is worth it. I have 2 kids 8 and 4 and as I told my father, there is just something about a device that you hand to your 4 year old and he can figure out how to use it. He definitely knows more than my husband. I use it for games e-mail, news. My kids do games, math, watch Disney shows and fight over it, so much so that I might have to get another one but I am still not willing to spend full price will probably still look for a used model, works great for us.
tablet|What can I say. It is a overpriced Apple product and works as intended. Buy a Kindle fire HD and go out and eat with the savings.
tablet|Since there are a ton of reviews already talking about the specs and such of the iPad 2, there's no need to rehash them again here. Instead I want to share my experiences living with the iPad 2 for about a year now.The main use for this device has been web surfing while sitting on the couch in front of the TV. There's no doubt that we're moving to a multi-screen world and it's nice to be able to look something up on IMDB.com when watching something on TV or to check your email during a commercial break while watching a ballgame. It is not my main web surfing machine, I don't have the best eyes and I'm addicted to my 24" screen on my desktop, but the iPad does nicely for light web use.As an e-reader the iPad 2 isn't horrible, it's just nowhere near as good as a Kindle which means the only things that really get read on the iPad are books I have in PDF files, such as a Photoshop manual where having a nice color display really helps. We've read some magazines on it, but the screen is really too small to make the a comfortable experience for me. Your mileage may vary here as some people I know love reading magazines on an iPad. For me, that experience will be better when there is an iPad that has about a 12" screen size.One thing the iPad is really good at is playing videos. With streaming apps getting better and better, like the HBO GO app, it's making the iPad more and more useful. It's nice to be able to take your content anywhere you want in the house. The screen is absolutely beautiful for playing video content, and once again for extended viewing I'd like a screen that's just a tad bigger than this current one.The performance of the iPad 2 is very nice, everything feels snappy and I've really never felt like the processor was being bogged down while using it. It feels very nice in the hand and is very sturdy.There is no doubt about it, tablets are useful and they're entertaining but I don't see them ever replacing desktops or laptops for me. I do a lot of design work though, so my needs are different than most people. If you're looking for something to check email, surf the web and catch some video content then the iPad will be perfect for those needs.The bottom line is if you're going to get a tablet it's still hard to beat an iPad.
tablet|I have never had Apple products except for an iPod. My daughter & son in law talked me into switching to an iPhone 5 and getting an iPad. I am impressed. How did I get along so long without an iPad. And the service was fast and exactly what I expected it to be.
tablet|Product is fine, I just have a regret concerning documentation, there was nothing at all. Otherwise, quality is perfect. I recommend strongly!
tablet|The purchase was smooth and the item arrived on time and works great. I have been wanting one of these for a while and was not sure with so many tablets out there, but it was a good choice, highly recommened!
tablet|Excellent product! It lives up to everything it is said to be. My son saved up and bought this himself. He could not be happier with the product.
tablet|I love this ipad easy to use and can carry lots of books with out the weight of a book.Great purchase.
tablet|We were very pleased with the price of this Apple iPad 2. The iPad2 is new, white and wonderful. Of course, we have to learn the tricks of operating it, and I hope to get some help from my 4 yr old grandson. I've taken some delightful photos and videos and am excited about the facetime prospects.
tablet|The Apple Ipad Truly Amazing Just about two months ago I earned my Apple Ipad 2. It took forever to save up 600$ but is was worth it! I am able to do so much on it I am able to read, play games, go on the internet etc.One thing that i enjoy is the screen is very clear, I personally don't have any problems reading or seeing anything! One thing that I enjoy to do in my Ipad is read quotes and sayings. I love how fast i can save them. My computer takes forever to download things like that. All you have to do is push one button and you are done! One other thing that i love about the Apple Ipad 2 is that you can set up a lock so nobody can get into it (like my little brother). I am the only one that can get into it! I love it. I think the ipad 2 is truly amazing! You can do so much on it. You can do the same things that you can on a computer, maby more! there is really nothing I dislike about the Ipad 2. Also I don't have any problems doing, seeing, hearing anything!I think the Apple Ipad 2 is amazing for anyone and everyone who loves reading, playing games, and going on the internet. Any age!
tablet|Every thing I have ever wanted. It's fast, light and very easy to use. To top it off, App store has thousand of apps so I can transform my Ipad in pratically anything I want.My husband has an Ipad too, but ti's the first generation Ipad. And now, he wants to use mine all the time (of course, it's way faster than his)...
tablet|Glad I went with the 32 GB, I need the space for my pictures and music. It has been a learning curve to all the things the iPad does but a very easy to learn. Really enjoy my iPad.
tablet|I have owned and loved my iPad 1 and waited for the iPad 3 to come out so I could afford to buy the 2. My grand kids and I are all delighted with the upgrade to the 2.I watch movies using the HDML adaptor 2 or 3 times a week and am pleased with the quality and lack of stutters.Both the 1 and the 2 have been used as my primary readers using the Kindle App. I usually read 2 to 4 books a week (I'm retired) and don't have a problem with screen glare. If I'm outside I find shade to read in.It's hard to find anything to complain about but I do find it gets a bit heavy when reading in Bed.A solid Five Star product purchased from AMAZON.COM.
tablet|The iPad 2 is portable and versatile with a great color display and is owner friendly when it comes to ease of use. I read, play games, watch movies, and surf the net with my iPad 2. It is so much lighter and easier to use than a traditional laptop. The Safari web browser is lightning fast and works great for all applications. A top of the line product!
tablet|I have had an iPad 2 for a little over a year. It was a gift and I can't get enough. From what I heard this is just as good as the new iPad. O with this, it's amazing for work play, and sitting in a snuggle watching YouTube and playing solitaire.
tablet|The used iPad2 that I ordered arrived within the timeframe promised and is in like-new condition. It was in the original packaging with all attachments included. The outer packaging was torn, leaving some of the inner package exposed; however, the product was not damaged. As for the iPad2, it is indistinguishable from my 3rd generation iPad, except that it is noticeably lighter in weight, and is thus easier to hold. Having used the 3rd generation iPad for several months, I see no reason to pay the extra $$$ for it over the iPad 2. Unless one has ultra-superior eyesight, the display on the 2 is just as good as the 3.
tablet|Lightweight, fits in my purse, can connect almost anywhere. We carried it everywhere on a recent trip to Greece with pre-loaded maps and metro and museum schedules etc. Took lots of good pictures too. While on a long train ride the kids played games. Good for the whole family.
tablet|Really glad I got a used iPad2 for a cut rate instead of paying almost double for the brand new iPad3. Went to the local worst buy and checked out both of them side by side and not much difference. If needed super amazing retina graphics for some reason, I'd get the 3, but otherwise, why pay more? It works really fast, is SOO nice to have. It's like a digital magazine, email and web browser, and everything else into one. And super portable. So glad I finally got one, it's so nice to have.
tablet|It was very easy to setup and used wireless connection within minutes.I would recomend this to anyone who needs to connect to internet or to copy music from computer.
tablet|By my side from the time I get up until I go to bed. There always seems to be something I need to know, or need to listen to, or need to play!
tablet|VERY nice tablet..has all the features to make it worth the money..love Facetime..i can see and talk to him and my Gkids since we live so far away from each other...fast delivery..very nice..
tablet|After having both for as long as I've had them, I cannot in good conscience recommend this product to anyone that values roughly $450 or more.I originally thought the iPad was as good as tablets got, but it simply is no longer the fact anymore. After borrowing friends Android tablets, I realised the iPad was utter garbage.Reasons:-email client constantly freezing up-the entire tablet constantly hanging-Safari, the worst web browser EVER created-lack of truely useful apps that are fully integrated with either Macs or Windows based PC's-lack of USB, SD, or any peripheral besides completely proprietary Apple devices-iTunes-inability to reliably surf 70% of the internet-has Bluetooth, but won't connect to non-Apple Bluetooth devices-the apps for just straight suck, i.e. YouTube and Apple Maps-now that my iPad 1 is over a year old it doesn't even want to turn on about a 4th of the time, so planned obsolesence makes this listUnless you have money to burn, or just want your kids to have a neat playtoy because the games are at least enjoyable like Cut The Rope, I recommend getting the Samsung tablet. It does everything the iPad does, but does it faster and more reliably, more all together, and is far easier to integrate with other systems
tablet|I bought this for my grandchildren when they visit and do they ever fight over who gets it first!! The younger ones like the games, the middle one (11 yrs old) likes the program to talk to her friends, and the older one (16) uses it like a laptop, and I like the games it has!! So, there is something for everyone on this. And of course it was delivered on time (actually early!!) and in perfect shape. (as Amazon always does!!) Great purchase!!
tablet|Great product. I love my ipad2. I use it daily for work and pleasure. I'm a owner of a havoc construction business and need to stay connected with my office and my builder, but hate toting around my laptop.My problem with this seller is the price. I buy just about everything from amazon, mainly because everything is cheaper. But I couldn't find a NEW iPad with Verizon cheaper on amazon. $550.00 was the cheapest I could find it on amazon. I finally drove the 15 miles to the apple store just to see. I paid $500.00 even for a 16g iPad 2 with Verizon. It took about 10 min. To purchase and they set it up for me. The best part was it was in hand. No waiting for shipping. This is probably the best and most useful product I have ever bought. Just make sure you buy the actual iPad from apple. All the acc. I got from amazon. The tec support you get at the apple store is awesome too. Plus for free you can set up a business account for free and the tec support is even better and tailored to the type of business u run.
tablet|When Apple and Steve jobs made the ipad 1 I felt like I did not need one since I thought it was just a big iPod touch. So I waited then all the reviews were saying its good, but it did not have a camera. The ipad 2 is the one to get. Its great to look at, its thin, light, big,comes with 2 cameras,the screen is very beautiful, the colors pop. The sound is loud. But what makes the iPad 2 great is the APPS. Any app from cooking to taking the placement test to college to great games like BAD piggies,BASTION,Sonic the hedgehog, etc the app store has it ALL. You can also put your iPhone apps on it and make them bigger to fit the screen, you lose some resolution but that's nothing.Pros.Great lookingThinBig beautiful screenSoftware is greatAPPS anything you came think of.MoviesMusicFace time10 hour Battery life with wifi on.Cons16gb is not enough, apps are using retina display making some apps and games 2gbs per one.Sound grill is in the back you need to cup your hand on it to aim the sound at you.Get credit card ready, you cant have fun on this thing without purchasing apps.When you compare the ipad 2 with ipad 3 all you get is the higher screen resolution the processor is the same and it has a 1 gig of memory on it,just a bit stronger to handle the screen, other wise there are no differences. You can do ipad 2 vs ipad 3 on youtube and see your self.Ipad 3 also comes with a 5 mp camera but has no flash. The ipad 2 cam sucks but it can record really good vid.At the end the ipad change my life and it will help and change yours.Mark my words the ipad (tablets) in the future will replace laptops in like 5 to 10 years.
tablet|the ipad 2 is great works nice and is everything i expected and more love the white color and the screen resolution is awesome.
tablet|I purchased the iPad 2 to replace a Kindle Fire. I wasn't pleased with the Kindle Fire and I was looking for something with a little faster processing speed.Love it. It's fast. It's compact. It's easy to use, easy to clean, easy to find cases for.
tablet|I feel like all the hype around the iPad before its launch made it seem like it was going to be the greatest and most revolutionary thing since the first PC, and then it came out and there was a little disappointment because it wasn't, but now there seems to be this comfortable feeling that the iPad has nestled into our lives. It doesn't change everything, but it's great for playing games, surfing the web, and reading books while you're on the couch, or a plane, or a bus. It also has great battery life, the camera's are a great feature, and even though they aren't the quality, you won't use it as much as you might think. It's not the greatest thing ever, and you can do without it, but it is really fun to use, and I read all my books on it now. Plus, you feel this sense of harmony when you get it synced up with your computer of phone over iCloud.
tablet|I bought an Android-run tablet (not from Amazon) a few weeks ago and tried my best to see its good points. I really liked its construction and novel appeal (had ICS) at first and continued to find reasons to improve it thru updates, useful apps, utilities, etc. All throughout I realized that I spent more time researching online for ways to improve my Android tablet, than the time I was actually enjoying it. There always were issues that had to be remedied and problems that I had to seek fixes for, the most significant of which was poor battery life and frequent crashes. I finally got tired of "babying" my Android tablet and returned it promptly in new condition. That same day I bought an Apple Ipad 2 from a bricks-and-mortar store. Then I realized someting funny: that this was the third time I returned an Android device in exchange for an Apple. First, when I returned an Android smartphone for an Iphone two years back. Second, when I returned an Android multimedia device for an Ipod Touch last Christmas. And now, my new Ipad 2 which replaced the Android. I am enjoying both stability and excellent battery life in my Ipad 2 -- and no more researching for fixes and no more "babying"! Was buying the Ipad 2 more expensive? In terms of more cash out the pocket, yes; but in the long-run, I know that my Ipad will pay for itself. Now, I am not the brand conscious type and would readily buy a Coby or Emerson if it works better than a Sony or Samsung. Though I run the risk of sounding like a commercial, in this case of getting a tablet, the Ipad 2 won me over the Android simply because .........it's TRIED and TESTED and it's THAT GOOD.
tablet|I bought this ipad 2 from Amazon because it was cheapier than buying it from apple. I believe this is the best tablet out. the only thing to beat it is the ipad 3. there are so many features it will take a life time to figure out all the neat capabilities. I can also watch any video format on it with the Goodplayer app from the app store i can also play flash media on it with the photon app from the app store as well. the capabilities of this is endless.
tablet|I bought this for my husband, as a wedding gift from me to him actually, he loved it and we have not stopped using it since it came into our lives. The reason I went to online purchase is because at the time it was really difficult to get your hands on one of these bad boys in stores. I would have had to camp out and hope that there were enough to go around. I couldnt do that at the time (planning a wedding) so I decided to purchase it online. The ipad is awesome. Fast, the battery lasts forever, and it picks up wifi quickly and efficiantly. We love it and use it all the time.
tablet|I was in the process of purchasing 26 iPad 2s over a period of 3 months for my employer when Apple switched to the new model and stopped selling the iPad 2 32GB that I need. Found 8 on Amazon that I took to be new in the box (unfortunately no screen shot saved). I purchased and printed a receipt that also stated that the units were "New." When received I was disappointed to find that they were Certified Refurbished. When I tried to return, the seller started an email argument over whether I should have realized the units were not factory new, then said I should try them out before returning, finally said that if I would return them, he would refund upon receipt. No offer of a label, etc. Afraid if I sent them back I would never see my money. Felt like a bad ebay transaction, not the guaranteed, no-hassle returns that Amazon advertises. I ended up keeping the units. Hoping I don't get fired when they fail to perform. They're ok so far.
tablet|I got my iPad 2 a few months ago and have been using it more than I thought I would. I haven't used any other tablets, really, so I'm not sure how it compares against others.Good:- Graphics- Battery life (about 10 hours)- Relatively light- StylishBad:- The camera- Wi-fi only or you need a model that uses a wireless plan- Touch-screen keyboard is accurate but physical ones are preferable to me.- Fragile? Mine's fine but I haven't dropped it yet. Many cracked ones on eBay thoughI bought a 3rd party smart case and a dock with a physical keyboard and both are useful. I have a laptop and I don't think an iPad is a good replacement for a tablet or a computer but it's good for a quick browse on the internet or to play games or music.
tablet|The Apple iPad 2 has been everything I expected in this Tablet. I have found that the 16GB is giving me all the power I need over the 32GB as I don't download movies and music. The picture quality is outstanding and easy to use. 2nd Generation IPad is highly recommended.
tablet|There is nothing like an iPad. My wife has a Fire after seeing how much nicer my iPad is, she wanted one. I got her the iPad for her birthday and she loves it.
tablet|The iPad is an amazing product. I ordered this iPad 2 from Karen Electronics through Amazon. I got to use my Amazon gift cards toward my purchase. I ordered around 11:00 am and was notified that the iPad had shipped about 2:00. I received the iPad today. 24 hours after it was shipped. Great service. I also saved $50 on my purchase by getting the white iPad instead of the black one. Very positive experience and I love my iPad,
tablet|The absence of Adobe means I cannot retire the windows system yet. It is not Adobe but the producers of products and the cable company offering only those products.Now that we got rid of the only negative, if you have an iphone the learning curve is nil. A few exceptions; the Safari screen is a tad different. Some apps are grainy in the 2x mode. Response time can be a tad slow in comparison to other devices on the same Wi-Fi.I actually played with dedicated book readers before the purchase of this device as that is the primary goal. The top reason for iPad 2 over the readers is the viewing surface. Oh sure on a reader you can pick you r font. However you cannot pick your screen size. As long as this is my reader of choice I though "oh well why not make it the computer as well." So being familiar with the iphone there would be almost no learning curve. I picked the max memory (not that I will use more than a fraction of it) just because if for some reason I wanted more in the future I would not have to worry if it was upgradable or not. I intend to use the blazes out or this iPad 2 until the technology no longer exists. So far I have only used the Wi-Fi part as one little security password and it was actively accessing the net. Will pick 3g if traveling is in my plans. So far there are just too many free hot spots. I may be over planning but it gives me peace of mind to know this animal can communicate with both systems and has plenty of memory.Mean time I am having a great time using this system primarily as a reader.As a reader this by the way does not require Adobe Flash.Owning an iPad as playing around with its potential remids me of the saying form `four quartets' by t.s. eliotWe shall not cease from explorationAnd the end of all our exploringWill be to arrive where we startedAnd know the place for the first time.
tablet|Sam's Club sell this Ipad2 64 for a $170 cheaper than what Amazon sells it for. I would recommend that you do lengthy search before you buy it from Amazon. This also true of the Ipad 32. It is about $100 more at Amazon than at Sam's Club.
tablet|The ipad 2 has really changed the way I stay close to information both personally and professionally. With a wide range of available applications from the App Store and also through my company, I have everything I need to stay productive. Because I also got the 3G model, it works whereever I go in the United States.Hardware: The screen is bright and a joy to look at. Multitouch works very well and instantaneously fast. There is no lag at all in moving across apps. The battery lasts all day long and worked well on 10 hour international flights.Software: iOS 5 is a joy to use and gives me all the flexibility that I want. I wish you could use it as a wifi hotspot but maybe they'll allow that one day.
tablet|I bought the iPad 2 for a specific program to keep my charts for flying. The iPad 2 is great, easy to use and very affordable for all that it can do. I am using it more all the time. My purchase and delivery were flawless. I chose the iPad 2 with 32g because the extra 100 dollars for more storage was a cheap insurance for added space and if you don't get 3G it does not have built in gps which is very handy with the map app.
tablet|This product is amazingly wonderful. No cause for regret at all.Any computer savy without ipad2 is living in the stone age.Steve Jobs is a legend.
tablet|Absolutely love the iPad 2. As it is my first tablet, this review will probably not be of interest to many. Do be careful when installing the new iOS for it. Install iTunes updates first then sync iPad then do operating system update. PC World addresses this issue and will prevent headaches of which people have complained. Still, as a newbie to the tablet scene, I find navigating around a wonderful experience with new-found delights at every touch!
tablet|Who needs a netbook or even a laptop as a second computer? Well at least not me. Two weeks ago I decided to buy an ipad 2, so I went to Best buy and bought one. I have no iphone or ipod touch, I have a imac 21.5, a white macbook and ipod classic, then this was my first experience with IOS, which is super easy to use. Aesthetically it is a beautiful piece of design, no bright LEDs, and only a few buttons. since I bought my ipad 2. I have not used my macbook and it is much more practical to take with me. Common uses are videos, web browsing, email, internet radio and some games, no music stored, because most of my audio files are lossless, the battery lasts 2 to 3 days, not really a heavy use, But still ok .Cons in my point of view:No expandable sd card.No flash on camera.Cameras not very good.Glossy screen.No flash player.Pros:Size is excellent.Software easy to use.Too many appsDesign.Many more accessories than its competitors.Portability.In short almost a great product, and waiting for iOS5 and iCloud.
tablet|I love the iPad, i own a laptop and i absolutely prefer my iPad. Why? Just the fact that when i want to check something out on the internet i just press a button and voil&agrave;! All set. The size is perfect for me because I carry my iPad with me wherever I go. It's very easy to use since you have all your apps right there, not like other tablets that are NOT organized at all. I'm a fashion design student and my iPad has turned essential for me. Whenever i see something i like I save it and I look at it when I need inspiration. It became my notebook, there are pretty amazing apps like InClass and Noteability that let you make notes take pictures, video record, and even make voicenotes so it's very complete to me cause i get to have Everything really organized in my classes. The iPad speed is amazing. The keyboard is very easy to use and responsive! If you're a physical keyboard lover I recommend you the ClamCase. It's set up via bluetooth, and it gives you something the other cases don't; you can put your iPad in ALL angles you want since it's 360 degree!One of the things that concern people is the printing... Just save the dang document e-mail it to yourself and print it whenever you want! So.. Is the iPad useful? It REALLY is!
tablet|We put a SwitchEasy cover on our iPad 2 immediately to protect it, and after many months in a house of 4, it still looks and performs the same as it did in the early days.It's a beautiful unit, with a weight that beats out the other tablets. But really, it isn't the quick loading time, ease of multi-tasking, handsome hardware, beautiful resolution, or even cost that made us get this over other tablets. It's the ability to have so many tens of thousands of applications.I use Kindle app, Moviefone, Scrabble, Netflix, and Groupon all the time.My 3 year old uses Angry Birds, Cut the Rope, and wide variety of educational apps and games.My 6 month old loves Itsy Bitsy Spider and other children's apps with music and interactivity. She loves to send the spider climbing.My husband loves playing with the newest apps like Vid Rhythm (from the company that makes Rock Band).When my husband's parents visited from England, they loved it that the daily crossword puzzle on The Guardian's website was FREE and interactive.We all love getting on Skype to speak to family in other countries. The camera is great and I even took it outside last weekend to show my sister how well my tomatoes are doing.On early weekend mornings, we usually put educational DVDs for my son. However, my husband likes to watch England Premier League football. So what he does is watch it on the iPad while my son gets to watch his DVDs...everyone is happy!It's been stepped on, dropped, taken to the beach, on picnics, and has endured a lot of use with no problems. And through all of that it has given us so much entertainment, access to information, connection with friends and family (Facebook, Skype, email, you name it), peace at the restaurant ("here, why don't you play with Thomas the Tank Engine?"), and something to do while sitting in a hospital (streaming Netflix instead of the $12 daily charge at the hospital).It's absolutely wonderful.
tablet|Responsive and very light. I recommend, however, if you've never used an iPad, or for that matter, any Apple hardware device, you go to Apple.com and download the user manual. Apple's intellectual property security fetish is problematic if you have info on more than one laptop(s) or desktop(s) that you'd like to load on the iPad (music libraries especially). If you're a PC user, then the upload process for images is absolutely not straight forward. Copying photos takes some trial and a lot of error going from PC to iPad. Also, the version of Safari on the iPad isn't similar to the laptop/desktop screen. There's no tools header. Over all, if you want a book reader or an expensive PDA, this is the device for you.
tablet|I've been using a Galaxy Tab with Android OS for the past 7 months and decided to jump on the iPad 2 bandwagon.After a couple months of using it, here are my comments:If you not an Android user, then I guess you may think the iPad 2 is great.I can't say that I'm impressed with the fact that I have to reboot my iPad to resolve an intermittent issue of Safari hanging up, nor am I happy about having to give my credit card details to downloads "free" apps, I could go on, but maybe another time.I like the fact that its much lighter and cheaper than a Galaxy tab; you have the option of not choosing the 3G feature which I seldom use.Overall, its a nice tablet if you don't now what you're missing with Android. My advice would be to test other products before making a decision. I've now given my iPad 2 to my 5 year old and will continue to use my Galaxy tab.
tablet|I'll let others talk about the functionality (as they have done so well here)... I want to address the ergonomics. This is a great product because it is faster and even more important to me... LIGHTER. This is a great gift for your parents or grandparents because it's much lighter than the 1G ipad and it eases the strain on their arthritic joints in their wrists and their hands.As big an improvement as the Kindle 2 was to the Kindle 1.Blows away the competition.
tablet|This is an absolutely indispensable device to own in the professional world. As an officer in the Army, you can't believe how incredibly useful it is to have the ability to access any one of about thirty manuals that I may need to facilitate mission complete without having to tow around the weight (each manual tends to weigh around 2-3 pounds.) I get very excited when I think about all the ways that I will be able to put this tool to good use while on deployment. It just makes life easier, period. Buy it. That is all.
tablet|I can't say enough about this product.Its fast, intuitive and fun.Accessibility is built right into the product right out of the box for various types of disabilities.I am blind and use voice over.Its clean and intuitive and highly functional.The apps are great and I love sinking with ICloud and having my schedule, photos, contacts and data pushed to other devices.The screen reader has multiple voices and they are clear and understandable.Email, internet, calendar, clock, notifications, and much much more are highly accessible for the blind.There are many other apps that can be added to use for work or fun.Looktell Money reader identifies dollar bills, gps apps help with navigation and travel, IBooks is accessible and reads with the voice over voice.I bought a roocase in hot pink to protect my investment and absolutely love my IPad2.I highly recommend it.It can be paired with an apple or other bluetooth keyboard if desired or use the touch typing or other mode of typing to enter data.This is an excellent product.
tablet|My husband insisted on buying me an IPad 2 for my birthday. I told him that I did not need one and I am glad he didn't listen to me because I love this thing. I use it every day. I download books for kindle on it to read, I check my email, play scrabble and Spider Solitaire on it, Use Evernote on it to input my work schedule, and other reminders, use it for work and so many other things.I can even use it to pay bills. It is great. Now that the IPad 3 Has come out he wants one of those for himself.I highly recommend IPads.
tablet|Beware if you already own an iPad 1 and are planning to upgrade. Apple is selling the iPad 2 with the newest OS 5. This iPad comes with OS 4 which means that if youve already upgraded your iPad 1 to OS 5, you cannot directly restore your iPad 1 to this iPad 2. If this is you, save lots of time by ordering directly from Apple.
tablet|My wife bought the 32GB Wi-Fi with 3G black iPad 2 for Christmas. I couldn't have been any happier! This is an amazing machine. I absolutely love it. I travel alot so I will primarily use this for watching movies on the plane and surfing the web in airports...so I thought. Once I opened the package, this machine has been in my lap ever since. I downloaded a handful of my favorite apps, uploaded a couple movies, and threw my laptop to the side! The Ipad doesn't get hot like laptops do, which is awesome. Also, it's so light weight and fast over my Wi-fi.For people who just have to have "flash" just download the iSwifter app and pay the $5 for it. It was well worth it. When I'm browsing the web and cant access a site due to it's flash content, I just input that same URL into iswifter and it's like magic. This is by far my best electronic device I have ever owned. I never knew that the apple interface was so easy to use. The iPad 2 is making me throw away my blackberry phone so that I can upgrade to an iPhone 4 or 4s. Thanks Apple for making an awesome product.
tablet|The IPAD2 has met and passed all of my expectations. I absolutely love it. although I have only began to utilize it, so far the instructions are easy and user friendly. The video picture quality is great. I did not know that I would use it as much as I have. I can track my doctors appointments, household appointments, and keep records and notes on any topic easily. I also love playing games on my IPAD2. This product is great for all ages.
tablet|Ok, I got the latestIPad for Christmas, and I'd asked for a Kindle.I am 60 yrs oldAnd technology basically is leaving me in the dust. Sometimes it isSo stressful that I give up.THIS IS A GREAT THING !!!!After finding out how clever andFun an iPad is (& how unendingly fun itIs to explore and play games on!),I basically only am using my laptop for long documents!Fearful Microsoft folks:YOU NEED AN IPAD!
tablet|I've had my iPad 2 32Gb WiFi for about 5 months now, and it's probably one of the best purchases I've ever made. Ease of use is above and beyond any computing device I've ever had. Yes it's mostly a "consumption device", but that's about 90% of what I do at home. And for the other 10% (sending email, shopping, etc) the various apps work terrific. I barely use my laptop now, and I've ceased bringing it on vacations with me since my iPad can handle everything I would need to do on the road, and does it for longer.Some examples of how I've used it in the past few months:- Sold/traded in all of my programming reference manuals and bought ePub or Kindle versions of them all. My library went from a couple of hundred pounds of books to something that I can carry around with me at all times in my Timbuk2 bag.- Watched "Prohibition" Ken Burns mini-series on the plane to Key West with my girlfriend (that I easily transferred from my TiVo to my iPad). And while I was in the Keys I was able to browse online for activities and book day trips, find restaurants, etc. while tethered to my Android phone.- Played Scrabble / Words with Friends regularly with friends that live all over the country.- Read the news and check my email on it every morning.- Purchase/download all books I needed for grad school.- Used it for almost all of my Christmas shopping this year.- Introduced my family to my girlfriends family using Facetime.- Streamed music from iCloud/iTunes, SiriusXM and Pandora apps.- Used as a cookbook multiple times.- Watched movie on Netflix while plugged into the TV via HDMI in my hotel room on a business trip.Enough said... the fact that I've barely put the thing down since I've owned it is the best endorsement I can give. =)
tablet|The Apple's iPad 2 is a huge hit at our house. My wife got one and I was so jealous I insisted I needed one as well. The uses are almost limitless. Best of all it is great for creating documents (writing novels), surfing the web, listening to music, and playing Apple games. In fact I only have one complaint about the lack of compatability with the Adobe Flash Player. Because of this it keeps you from playing a great many games including those on Facebook and other sites. Additionally certain videos at some sites will only play with the Adobe Flash Player. I hope in the interest of customer needs this will change in the future. Otherwise I am very satisfied with the iPad 2. I even got a Rover App-Controlled Spy Tank with Night Vision to remotely control with the iPad so my wife and I can watch the house and cats remotely. That brings some peace of mind, not to mention the Rover is a blast to play with.You can purchase cases and accessories to attach your iPad to your cars headrest to allow others to watch movies while traveling. There are a plethora of accessories for the iPad 2 so you will have plenty to choose from for covers, cases, adaptors, keyboards, et cetera. There are numerous apps that you can download to make it great for work and/or play. The apps can be free or range up to about twenty dollars on average. Most those I got were free or around four to seven dollars. I use mine extinsively because I can carry it anywhere and I don't have to sit at a desk to work on projects or listen to music and play games. If you're a highly mobile person this is a must have tool/toy.I imagine most students want one to make their homework easier to work on at school or home. Because of the decent drive space and WiFi you can almost do anything that you could do on a full size workstation whether you use a PC or Mac. Since you can even buy cases with keyboards it can easily replace a laptop for a lot less money and portability. Small enough to carry in a daily planner or purse it wins hands down in portability. Since you can now back files up on the web and use webmail it alleviates the headaches of more complex and costly workstation choices. You will still require a workstation to interface with for printing, transferring some files, USB transfers, and certain other functions. But at least when you need portability you will have it.Addendum: Although I am slightly disappointed that the iPad 3 came out on the heals of my purchase, I can't complain really as mine was purchased more for functionality than graphics. One reader asked me if the WiFi was an issue to set up. I didn't have any trouble with it. In fact it's far easier than setting it up on a PC. Once you set it up it automatically goes out and looks for a connection and will ask you which server to connect. The beauty of it is if you decide you don't want to pay a monthly fee is you can just disable it until you want to use that feature again. Now that the price has dropped on them, unless you need high resolution for movies or graphics, I recommend you seriously consider the iPad 2.CA Luster
tablet|I found the price I was looking for at Amazon as usual. The iPad was the perfect Gift and my wife was extremely happy. Trying to keep it a secret was something as some of the small items that went with the iPad2 arrived early and I had to hide them all over the house! The iPad2 came very well packed and was protected very well.As always Amazon comes through with timely delivery and great packing to protect your purchase. I always look to Amazon first when I am looking for the right gift.
tablet|ordered the ipad 2 for my son for christmas and he was very happy with it, hes on it almost everyday
tablet|In November, I purchased the iPad Mini, which, was my first iPad. I was thrilled to death to have it, and after a few months, I knew that I wanted a larger screen and more GB, so, I spent time trying to find out whether or not I wanted to spend for the iPad 4. After some thought, I decided to get an iPad 2, since the mini and this one were built the same. I am not disappointed. As soon as I added the upgrade, I was able to use Siri, even on the iPad 2. I personally can't tell the difference between Retina display or not, so, I am pleased with this purchase. You can't go wrong.
tablet|We use for company purchase and like it! like it, like it, like it, like it, like it, like it.
tablet|I can't find anything wrong with Ipad2. I don't even know why anyone would want Ipad 3 or 4. If your eyes aren't what they once were then don't make the mistake of getting a smaller tablet. This one is perfect. Not heavy. Not thick. Best Apps you can find. I hardly ever use a computer anymore. Now idiots writing virus programs for Windows operating systems doesn't matter. My Kindle Fire books load into this via a terrific App and I can read them with comfort. I can watch movies on it although I rarely do since TV technology lets me do that on a 55 inch screen. But you "can" send video from the Ipad via an "air video" capability and view it on the big TV. World Camera Apps let you see the world live on mounted video cameras. Watch it snow up north while basking in 70 degree warmth in the south. Cool. Push a button and see the total of all your investments and bank accounts. any time. That's the MINT App. Just save up and get the thing. Great technology. Gotta love it. I use it every day.
tablet|I use this iPad for work every day. I am very happy with it. I also got the keyboard folio so it is jus like a laptop. Love it!
tablet|I am so pleased with the IPad it's in perfect condition. I could not be anymore pleased. Thanks so much for a great deal
tablet|I bought this product from this seller which I thought was backed bye Amazon's A to Z guarantee was not. I bought this on dec. 16 2012 had problems with it in march of 2013 called apple they said it was out of warranty ,as it was purchased in 2011. None of this was posted bye the seller . So I am saying BUYER BE AWARE!!! when you are buying from this or any other seller on this site.
tablet|My primary reason for acquiring an iPad was for leisure and for work in the future. I am currently a college student with plans to teach at the high school level, so I knew there would be endless amount of apps that will enhance my teaching in the future. Right now, schools are exploring 1 on 1 iPads with their students because it makes it so much easier to grade and create assignments without the hassle of textbooks. At home, I became sick of pulling out my four-year old Dell laptop to surf the web, watch videos, and just play around. I wanted something that was smaller, easy to travel with, and it had to be a tablet. Now, my Dell is fine for writing papers and all the other obligations that come with being a college student, but for an apple product as efficient and productive as the iPad, the price is tough to beat. The iPad does not replace a desktop or a laptop, but it is a tremendous technological device that is user friendly and fun to play with. Whether it is for leisure or work, there is an application for it. What I like the most is that the ios apple system signals to the iPad when it is time for an update, making it up to par with the latest technology, which in turn betters its efficiency and productivity instantly. With that being said, the ability to access the apple store is what sets it apart from other tablets. Like I previously stated, there are apps for everything, and there are even several free apps that increase enjoyment and productivity. It is a must buy for anyone interested in a tablet for both leisure and work obligations.I also have an iPhone 4 which I use very religiously, and the iPad 2 is an extension of that for me. There are fewer apps available for the iPad, but that's not saying a lot, as there are still thousands available for it, as I find myself searching for a new app daily on the apple store.I have the 32GB edition and have not come close to filling up all the storage space! I think it is the perfect size for somebody that doesn't constantly use it, but for someone that is on it daily at work or at home. If you are going to count on it for everything you do in regards to a computer device, I would recommend the 64GB, but for me the 32GB has been great and I have not run into any problems to this point. In addition, the device is very light, and you can hold it with one hand. Definitely buy a protective case for your iPad, even though I have found it to be very durable.It is very nice to be able to use it like a mini computer. You can access your personal files via google drive, drop box, etc. to increase productivity and bring your desktop or laptop files on the road with you. One nice feature is that you can view websites with a mobile display or desktop display, serving for the benefit of all users. Powerpoints, Word Documents, and PDF's are easy to view with the tap of the finger, which is very beneficial for someone in the business world or still in school.While I thoroughly enjoy my iPad 2, there are frustrations with it. I find myself frustrated with the fact that I can't play Flash. I like to watch videos, especially via twitter and facebook, and a lot of times I am unable to do so because of the software's inability to play flash. In addition, I get frustrated because I wish I could make the iPad my only source of a computer. I wish I could type on word and make a powerpoint as seamless as I do on my Dell. I could do that, but on a college budget you don't want to be paying for an expensive app to make that a reality, but that's also the beauty of it. You could download Microsoft Office products if you wanted to make it your go-to computer device. One thing I would suggest is buying a keyboard for your iPad. I went a year without one, but once I acquired a keyboard it made it that much more efficient to use! So much easier to surf the web, iMessage, etc.In essence, if you're having a tough time deciding on buying an iPad or not, I would highly suggest buying one. Now, if it is between a MAC laptop and an iPad, go with the laptop. But, if you are in the market for a tablet and are looking for efficiency and productivity with a tablet, the iPad is a much because of the apple IOS software and the thousands of applications available via the apple store. The slick design with endless amount of possibilities to increase production with an iPad puts it a head above the rest. Once you begin using an iPad, you won't regret the purchase.
tablet|I swore up and down I'd NEVER purchase an apple product, including things on itunes and the like. So far, I have upheld that promise. However, from a recent car purchase, I managed to obtain an iPad 2 16GB as a promotion. Since my girlfriend had one and I did want some experience with iOS, I figured I'd begin poking around with it rather than simply selling it.The good...iOS is very easy to use and extremely straight forward. Everything is laid out nicely and always a flick-tap away. And most all programs work very well with the unit. Software tends to be clean without too many bugs.Web browsing (just using Safari) is very smooth. Most sites work well. There's the ocational hiccup but it's more from using a touchscreen or the dreaded lack of Flash. But soon enough, sites will probably migrate away from flash and on towards HTML5 (or simply pages designed for mobile/iPads).Usability, such as typing is very straight forward. The keyboard is well thought out and works much better than any I've used. The touchscreen is very responsive too and multi-touch works without a problem.Standby time is awesome and the unit is still functioning (IE gives you push notifications of Skype/AIM/etc)Given the standpoint of say someone's who's very unfamiliar with technology or who doesn't care to spend time "configuring things", this works great. However, that is not who I am...The bad...You are extremely limited. Being closed source, some apps simply are not available as they would be for Android or Windows-based tablets (and I mean x86, not Windows 8 RT) Finding ways to print can be impossible, certain formats may be unreadable, and even simple things such as adding attachments in gmail may be hindered without installing additional apps.No Flash support!!! As mentioned above, things are moving away from flash. However, many sites still use flash there for some sites will not display correctly. You are also limited on sites like Youtube, sometimes being unable to open the same videos you can open on a desktop environment (or even Android devices).Where are my files?! Stuff just downloads. You have no choice where to put them. Download something you don't want to share then start browsing the photos you took using the camera, SURPRISE!Limited connectivity. Expansion is limited to the propriatary apple plug on the bottom. No OTG port, no standard USB, no microSD slot, no HDMI. You can purchase some overpriced devices to give you these functions, but it would be nice to see some of them included.---All in all, it depends on the person whether or not one of these would fit your bill. My girlfriend loves hers and almost never uses her PCs anymore. For me, I'll grab mine for basic web surfing and the like, but if I'm doing much typing or any surfing that requires a fair bit of clicking, I still will grab a laptop over this.
tablet|With the help of my grandson I have mastered use of the Apple iPaD 2..Perhaps more detailed instructions for use of the iPad would help senior adults.
tablet|This device, my iPad2 WiFi 64 GB a gift to myself on my birthday, the 24th of Dec. and for Christmas, is absolutely perfect for my needs:1. Initial set up: The setup assistant worked painlessly and well only a few minutes after I took the iPad out of the box.2. Spent days trying to connect the device to my home WiFi network. Could not seem to get it to connect. Why? My son had given me the WRONG password to unlock the network. When he finally remembered the correct password, I was able to connect my iPad2 to our WiFi network in a New York minute.3. Not being a confident user of high tech, I was more than a little wary of setting up my mail on the iPad since it is always so easy just to access mail on my laptop and my Kindle Fire. I waited a few days before setting up the mail app. Silly me: I simply tapped to the Home page of the iPad2, then tapped on the Mail app, and then followed the setup steps on the screen. As we oldsters say, "a piece of cake." I always used to refer to using Apple computers, etc., as intuitively obvious, but they are better than that. The steps are more than intuitive; instead, they are OBVIOUS.
tablet|Holy Moly am I going to buy another one of these! One isn't enough for our family of five.I haven't compared or looked at any other options. Mostly because this one was a gift to us from a grandmother who wanted to do face time with her grand kids.I have never been a big apple fan because you have to deal with Itunes which is a bother. But it's been worth it to have an ipad. We love it.Here is what I know about it- It is incredibly thin, extremely light, super fast, and it does amazing things.You can use a Kindle to read but you can download the kindle software onto the ipad. You can buy a Nook or another pad and they may meet your minimum standards. However the Ipad does everything those will do and more.Sure it's expensive but if I could afford it and I was wondering if I wanted to spend 'that kind of money' on an ipad because really a whatever/fill in the blank would do fine; I'd go ahead and get the ipad.Well worth the money.Enjoy.
tablet|I got my Apple iPad for Christmas this year and i havent been able to leave its side since. There are truly no limits when using it. I can create and edit any word documents I need for school, watch HD movies, listen to all my music, Skype/ FaceTime, quickly and easily download new songs/ apps/ videos, read books and magazines(mostly at no cost), take great looking pictures, play games... etc. The list goes on and on... and on. The only thing I have had any trouble with at all was installing the new update. I would recommend installing it before putting any media or info on it. It just makes the process alot longer and more frustrating. Reguardless, I think Apple has outdone themselves with this device. It is more than just an oversized/ overpriced iPod. I love my iPad.ps. I recomend getting a Smart Cover.Apple iPad 2 Polyurethane Smart Cover - Gray (MC939LL/A) It protects my beloved iPad very well and is worth more than what I paid for it.Warning: Beware of imitators! They dont work at all and are everywhere!
tablet|This is just one of the most amazing products ever. I have worked both for Compaq and Dell for over 20 years and can remember a time when Apple was on its deathbed...and that wasn't even too long ago! I can't believe that this little tablet can do everything that I need...and do it for 10 hours! The only con that I can knock it on is its inability (Apple locked down) to run Flash. Very nice product Apple. You have made a believer out of this PC guy!
tablet|THE IPAD 3 [...]IPAD 2 [This is by no means a comprehensive review like some of the award winning ones which have already said it all... here's my 2cents.]Unlike the many early adopters whom I typically identify myself with, this time I held out and waited ... for the iPad 2. Through gritted teeth whilst my friends enjoyed the cute novelty of the first release, I sweated out the wait for the version with the itty bitty webcameras and it was well worth the wait. What is the point if you can't skype or facetime?An iPad is simply handicapped without a webcam, well, Apple made up for it with a vengence by having TWO in version 2! One at the back one at the front to toggle between. Making self-photography a breeze to compose and shoot with minimal error. FaceTime, the apple version of skype now comes bundled to facilitate easy "skype-ing" between iPad owners (akin to free video calls on the back of a wifi network). This is video networking made accessible to the masses.This also becomes your camera and video camera for web publishing - the resolution though not the highest is laudable. And the pixel warehouse for your digital camera to download to when one is travelling.Like the iPhone, the iPad further usurps the position of the iPod relegating it further into the abyss of obsolescence - by incorporating a digital iPod inside for portable music & video storage and playback. It is not hard to allow one's life to revolve around this little tablet which makes it both a great productivity & recreational tool. Akin the hp's iPaq in 2004 except much more versatile graphically and with a much improved touchscreen.The plethora of apps available at the Apple appStore is like a digital candy store (hundreds of thousands). So much to sample so much to buy. Brilliant marketing to make it so cheaply available. The volume drive works beautifully during this post GFC era where excesses are a little less rampant and frugality rules the day. 0.99 cents for a shot of adrenalin or seretonin secretion is not an unattractive proposition.Goodbye to clutter as subscriptions go digital. And you get to carry your entire collection (of music, newspapers, magazines, books & photographs) with you wherever you go, all contained within less than 595g of hip and style.However security issues are not yet airtight hence I would hesitate to use this for personal banking or other such usesA Happy Camper =)ps...musicians can now digitally purchase musicsheets and store, transport them in this compact little marvel - reducing clutter, making the entire repertoire portable and easily accompany you everywhere, to practice, to recitals, etc. The only downside perhaps is you get one page at a time instead of the usual 2 page spread.
tablet|Can't say enough good things about this iPad 2! Highly recommend it. User friendly. Loved by the whole family. Bought two for grandchildren after enjoying mine.
tablet|Ma Hon got this for me as an early birthday gift, or maybe it was just a "Welcome Home" gift, kind of hard to distinguish now a days.It being the 3rd Touch Apple Product that I am carrying, the IPhone 3GS and IPhone 4s (an other gift MA Hon Had for me when I got back this time).In capacity, it may not be the top Model, but it serves my purpose greatly. As for connectivity, it is only WiFi, so it can have its limitations as far as access to online informations are concerned, but with the IPhones handy, it is kind of OK.What makes it different from the Iphones and the ITouch is primarily the display size, which on many occasions are far more feasible than the smaller units. There is just so many things that are much better on a bigger screen than it be on the smaller units, net browsing and entertainment, not to mention the Medical Programs that are available in the iTunes store. And that is an other plus for the unit, all being the same brand, they are all synchronized and maintained through a single account, which makes the control of context so much easier compared to having different brands units, organized with different environments and operating systems.As for the connectivity issue, it being only WiFi, I have a HUB that allows me to connect 5 wifi units on one 3G network, and thou I must admit I have not used it that often yet, but it has it's benefits.12/26/2011: just had to add this small remark to my review. I have been in Dubai for the last 3 days, and with my this iPad, I have been able to keep in constant contact with my Hon, via SMS text and voice/video (via FaceTime) ... That being despite it is only a WiFi unit. I have to say, that is rather marvellous ....For the unit, for maintain, a Screen protector is highly recommended. Given the fact that it is a touch screen, even if the protector gets scratched up, you can just replace that instead of having to replace the screen itself. Also, a hard case is recommended, in my case, MA Hon got me a book case, which fold and serves as a stand as well. As for a stylus, a Soft Rubber unit is the best, I have a belkin, but I am sure you be able to find some less expensive ones that serves the purpose just as well.I have had the unit for 10 days now, and have yet to explore MANY options available, but given the fact that I have been using the Apple's units for years now, it is all coming easy. But I can highly recommend it. Surely the Apple products are a bit pricy compared to some of the competing units, but for my needs, the compatibility and access that it offers with the other units that I possess, it is worth the couple of extra bucks. Not to mention the fact that the Apple units are some of the most beautiful and state of the art units that are available on the market, and the drawback of shortage of available softwares.... Well with the ITunes, that is a thing in the past..
tablet|After comparing the iPad with several other similar tablets, found this to be just what I wanted for my wife. She wasn't sure she wanted it, but using it a few days, she nows thanks me every day. What a big hit with her. No problems and would recommend the iPad for everyone.
tablet|This iPad 2 is my first tablet. I got 64g wifi + AT&T 3G in white. I plan to use wifi only and add 3G at times I think I might need it.The iPad2 comes with some fantastic apps. and many, many others are available at the App Store. Lots are free!!!In my case the advertisements about using the iPad2 "right out of the box without the need for a computer," were wrong as I had to set mine up using iTunes on my computer!The browser is fast and no waiting for pages to load. . . with a full signal that is. The weaker the signal on wi-fi, the slower the load but I guess that's to be expected. Dropping even one bar makes a huge difference. Also it's not compatable with Flash which is why I gave it 4 rather than 5 stars.I love the portability, the design and mostly everything about my iPad2. But it IS costly so if you need the functionality of a laptop, this will not be a replacement. But if you just surf the web, check your e-mail and play games you'll love it!
tablet|The iPad 2 is :Thin. LightFast (when you get it). No flash(player :(Jailbreakable (iOS 4.3.3) BUT: Frash soft ware should be coming outHas full hdIncludes 2 cameras. IncredibleI highly recommend getting a key board if your going to use the Internet.You can find tons of apps that only work on iPad 2#1 (kindle is #2)
tablet|The basic iPad gives me: (1) a book/magazine reader (2) an iPod (3) a very convenient camera and video camera (4) web browsing (5) E-mail (6) A virtually limitless number of apps that I can download (7) Very simple and intuitive navigation (8) Pretty good sound (9) Crisp display. I've owned iPods and now the iPad for about 6 months. I haven't had the slightest problem w/ either. Amazing devices. Would I pay $499 for an iPad or $199 for a Kindle Fire? You're right, I'd pay the extra for the real McCoy. The utility to me of the iPad and all of the apps that I have is far greater than $499. Wouldn't do w/o it.
tablet|I must admit I have not tested any other tablets. Nonetheless, ever since I got the iPad, I have been using it for a range of tasks, focusing mainly on reading magazines and books. I travel often, and the iPad allows have everything I might want to read on a trip in one, which also happens to be lighter and more compact than most books out there. The only drawback is that typing on this machine is slow since you have to keep an eye on the keyboard at all times, but this holds true for all other tablets, and its easily fixed by purchasing an external keyboard if typing is essential to you. A must have accessory for this item is some sort of protective case. I have two, apple's sponsored screen protector (which conveniently locks the ipad when shut), and a sleeve for traveling, so that I can easily put it in my backpack when traveling.
tablet|The Apple ipad 2 64 GB Wifi, Black was a good buy. You might consider adding the 3G facility. If you deal with documents,be it for your work or otherwise, you might wish to consider the app - Documents to Go - Premium version.
tablet|extremely happy with this ipad. Bought it for my husband to dink around with and he loves it. easy to sent up and to navigate. much easier to cart around than a laptop!!
tablet|Pros: The iPad 2 is by the best selling tablet out there. Comparing to other tablets the ipad 2 is far more efficient and worth every penny. You have a front facing webcam to chat with all your facetime buddies and if you have an application you can even chat with android users as well! The touch screen is both elegant and accurate to the exact point of your finger. Also with the new A5 dual-core 1Gz processor this will surpass any applications. However im telling you all the pros about the product and I'm not one of those all out apple fan boys I believe every device out there has a purpose but some are more worthwhile for your money.Cons: Despite all the good looks and great hardware and software the device is fragile and you must buy a case for it or its prone to scratches unlike most android device they have a much more durable glass one known as gorilla glass. Also the camera isnt even barely a megapixel the quality of the images are horrible and you have a vga front facing camera.Overall: this is a great buy because the amount of application offered from apple's App Store benefits you more than Androids app store. I have to admit apple's app store has a higher quality of apps and a lot better utilities and such. I use this alot for school so its the perfect tablet to use a researching tool and typing up notes and organizing my work.
tablet|Ok, my wife got the black 16GB several months ago and I inherited a Nook Color which I though would be good enough to use for surfing the web, email, editing and publishing documents, etc... and after several months of frustration, and seeing how well that iPad 2 worked, I decided to get myself one.*WOW*I'm not trying to bash the Nook Color, it is nice for reading magazines and books, not as pleasing on the eyes as the larger iPad 2 screen, but it works. It's probably more of the limitations of the Android OS that is so frustrating to me, and the lack of real world applications for it. Yes it has an abundance of applications, but no real apps to do work it seems.iPad 2 has apps like Pages and Numbers that integrate seamlessly with their counterparts on the computer. On the other hand Android devices have something called Quickoffice PRO which is supposed to allow you to edit and transfer Office documents between the device and the desktop... sounds good, but after paying $14.00 for the app I cannot use ANY document with ANY type of formatting on the Android, and the smaller screen makes it hardly usable. In contrast the only issues I have with Pages is if there is a font that is not available on the iPad, but is on the desktop computer, and I can always find another one that will fit the bill.The iPad 2 is way ahead of Androids in terms of touchscreen recognition. The Android was constantly doing things that I didn't want it to do. For instance I would be attempting to scroll the screen and often times it would instead select an item or link from the screen. That was uber-frustrating at best. Trying to do anything on it was a labor of love I guess. I oft times just got frustrated and moved to a computer to get something done. The iPad by contrast seems to know exactly whatI am trying to do... rarely do I have a touchscreen error.The iPad 2 is sleek, elegant, and has a large enough screen to actually get some work done. Surfing the web is a breeze and despite the complaints about the lack of a flash plug-in, I surf with relative ease. Speaking of flash, yes Androids have that, but it doesn't work very well on them. I struggled on web sites with flash on my Android. Often times the page would not display correctly anyway, so that's kind of a wash. And Microsoft is canning flash in Windows 8 as well. It looks like Steve was right... flash is going away.iOS 5 with iCloud is an iDream (pun intended). I can sync all my contacts, my wife's contacts, calendars, Aperture photos, etc... without any real user interaction. Just turn the services on and go. Makes me re-think that OS X Lion Server purchase I made, but I still need that for the older Macs running Tiger and Leopard on my network, and at some point I will probably turn on that XSAN server to create a local SAN RAID...Numbers files work perfectly and seamlessly between the iPad 2 and the desktop computer, formulas, etc. That's another problem I had with the Android Quickoffice, it would not understand complex and sometimes simple formulas, so I couldn't use spreadsheets on it at all.Generally the applications for iOS are far more mature and polished than those available for Android. The user experience is without a doubt far superior on the iPad 2, apps like Hulu Plus were not even available on the Android which sort of left me scratching my head. I do have an Android phone that has Hulu Plus on it, so I'm not certain why there wasn't one for the tablet, but it rendered what could have been a nice TV show watching device into a useless for TV device.iPad 2 is sleek, sexy, stylish, yes. But it is also a serious workhorse if you are like me and want to do real world work on it. With a combination of the iPad, and iWork.com I am able to create documents on the iPad or desktop computer, save them to iWork.com, and download them anywhere in any of three possible formats (Pages, PDF, or Word). The translation to word documents is nearly as flawless as the other transfers, again, sometimes there is a font issue, but that is rare and is easy to fix.Another problem I had with the Android was the lack of iTunes for it. Much of my music library is still DRM protected and the Android wouldn't play those files. iPad 2 by contrast sync's right up and has every one of my songs available to play, and speaking of iCloud -- I have more computers than I need, and having that many leads to problems like the old "you can only have 5 computers authorized" when I try to authorize another iTunes library to sync my music. iCloud eliminates that problem, your new purchases automatically are downloaded from the cloud. And storage is not really an issue with iPad 2 specifically... get the Camera Adapter kit and you can use all the SD cards you want with it.Back to the iPad 2 - if you are looking to buy a tablet type of computer and are on the fence between an iPad and another, shall I say "knock-off", dig into the details.Some of the Androids may be better than the Nook Color in terms of power, response, screen size, etc... but none of them have a decent office suite or iTunes, they don't have as many accessories available for them, you'll have to use a variety of different services to get iCloud functionality, you cannot use iWork.com with them, Apps are not as abundant and generally are not as mature/polished, syncing with your desktop is a headache - if you can even get it to, etc...Overall this is one of the best, if not THE best Apple product available. I have a lot of Apple products these days due to the ease of use, this one is one of the easiest to use and I HIGHLY recommend it!
tablet|I am late on the iPad bandwagon. Although I have multiple iPods and also an iPhone owner, this is the first time we are getting ourselves an iPad in the household.This is wonderful device. Just like what they did in the IpodTouch, the amazing thing is how they were able to squeezed so much technology in such a small space.By the way, this is a review of the iPad 2. The first iPad, we skipped it completely. There are many tablets in the market but it is really tough to compete with iPad. First, the interface. This is what Apple is known for. The simplicity, usability and ease of use of such a very compliated hardware is a miracle in itself. I have tried other devices that are similar but the most of them seems to be a tad slower and less smart.Another big factor that is strongly going for the iPad is the number of apps availalble in the Apple store. Android is starting to compete, specially now with big online stores like Amazon taking the challenge. Still, it will take some time to really match the number and the quality of the apps in iTunes. Apple is also known for being strict in approving apps being sold in the App store.Funny thing is, what made me pull the trigger to finally buy an iPad despite the high tag price is the HP Touchpad fiasco. I ordered one when it was advertised for $99. I was ecstatic to have my order received and placed through Barnes & Noble, only to be notified the next day that my order was cancelled. Due to frustration, I walked in to the closest Apple store and got me one.What really amazed me is the usefullness of the tablet in education. I have heard so many times that it is good for kids who have autism and one of my kids was diagnosed with autism. He is so focused when playing with it.My kids have DSs but most of the games are just for fun and entertainment. They get a little bit of learning at the beginning, but after that it is repetitive and just time waste.There are amazing educational apps like the following:- Word Bingo- Math Bingo- Teach Me- Presidents vs Aliens- Stack the States.- Brainquests series- Write On (for learning cursive writing)NO FLASH:iPad2 still does not support flash. There are Aps that you can use to play flash on websites like iShifter, etc. It is not perfect but at least it works.SKYPE:One of the advantages the iPad2 against iPad1 is that now you can do video calls with Skype or Yahoo Messenger.
tablet|I had been debating whether I wanted a Kindle or an I-pad. The Kindle is a terrific product, but I can do so much more with my I-pad that I am glad I spent the extra money.
tablet|I have never purchased anything electronic, I am totally old school. Anyway, after contemplating on buying this or not, I went for it. I can't tell you how happy I have been. It is so convenient, easy to use, easy to buy apps and my kids absolutely love it. they are 3 and 5 and think it's the best thing ever! They want one for each of them. They have spent more time on it playing games than I have used it since purchasing it. I already have 38 kid game aps on it as well as many TV and movies. it's great for the car.
tablet|I love the iPad2. My only complaint is that it does not have flash support.It's really lame that we have to suffer because Steve Jobs wants to fight with Adobe. Good grief! College students still need access to flash presentations since many college instructors provide voice over PowerPoint as flash output via a Web page. There really is no other viable option.Come on Steve. Get with it!
tablet|I got this as a gift. I have always been a PC user in the past. I'm really not a fan of the apple software. It works ok and it does some things, but I think that I like a PC based laptop better. This is really limited with what you can do with them. I watch netflix. . . . that's about it. They have some fun apps for it, but only if you want to pay for them. Kinda seems like a marketing scam to me. Oh well it was free. Thanks.
tablet|Great product. Very light weight. Super thin. Very fast specially compared to the prior iPad. A little slower then the Xoom. The screen is awesome, the colors are so bright. The cameras are placed in off center angles, making the camera usage a weird feel. Huge selection of apps and many more productivity apps in the works.
tablet|I already own a 2nd and 4th generation itouch so I was already familiar with how it worked. My biggest reason for wanting an iPad 2 was I found the screen of the touch too small to surf the web or read a book, I wanted GPS (have to get the 3G model for that), camera (we use FaceTime a lot keeping in touch with family) and 3G for internet access for when we travel and are at places with no wifi. I spend many hours at various sporting practices each week and for the past two years, the touch has kept me entertained (I actually looked forward to practice since it gave me at least two hours to sit and catch up on everything).The iPad has taken it to a whole new level. I have more reading material than I can read (books, magazines, email, etc.). I love Netflix and HBO GO and I use it to stargaze at night (it can control my telescope through an app). The entire family likes it so much that It's made the touches obsolete. My husband who never liked the touch keeps taking my iPad. The best part for me is that I am no longer chained to the computer. I can read the news and check my calendar at the kitchen table or the over stuffed chair while having me coffee. The only thing I've been using the laptop for is syncing.My complaints are that I can no longer use my computer to charge the iPad (the car charger is also obsolete for the iPad. I had to but a new one). I also purchased two extra long USB cables and an extra charging brick as the cords that come with it are too short to charge and sit comfortably on the couch. I also found that I can no longer use my Altec Lansing speaker dock to play music so that's something else I'll want to replace eventually.I purchased 1GB of data from Verizon for $20 for the month to see how far it would go. I've been pleasantly surprised. I may run out of time to use it before I run out of data. Granted we have wifi at home and gymnastics but baseball, the grandparents, car and the doctor's office do not. I thought streaming Netflix and HBO GO would use all of it up but it hasn't.
tablet|I received the Ipad promptly and in excellent condition. No problems with the setup and everything worked out of the box. Added the leather cover, (ridiculously overpriced for what you get), also bought screen protectors, (impossible to install without at least a few specks of dust to frustrate you), and a protective rubber plastic case to go over the back. I did have a few instances where once you turned off the cellular modem you could not get reconnected without turning it back on and rebooting. However, that has not been an issue for the last several weeks and the modem gets turned on and off several times a day. Either i have been lucky or they fixed the glitch. There is no help manual to accompany the Ipad. I located one through Apple's support site and downloaded the .pdf to the Ipad. I would strongly recommend that anyone looking to purchase an Ipad read the manual while they are waiting for the unit to arrive. It is not as intuitive as I would have liked for someone who is not familiar with Apple products.
tablet|Not much to say that hasn't been said...Its a bit thinner. A bit lighter..Same SHORT battery life if you have your screen to brightest. Still no Flash or USB. Camera is Ok, whatever (It is not an option that I care about) ****BUT It is MUCH FASTER**** with Double the memory!!! .I use it with a 4G Samsung Wifi Hotspot through Verizon and Ipad 2 is seriously fast! I use the original Ipad Apple case as I like it the best even though it fits loosely. I store the cloth and some papers behind the ipad2 to take up the extra room...I was able to sell Ipad 1 in a day. I'm happy with Ipad 2 especially the faster processor....PS I will NOT buy Ipad 3 unless it has Flash Player...........UPDATE...AFTER FIVE MONTHS THE CAMERA WILL NOT WORK...WILL RETURN IT TO APPLE STORE ASAP...Naturally when returning item I called and asked if they had my model, they assured me they did...I made an appointment...THEY DID NOT HAVE MY MODEL...I was furious...and it showed...one repair specialist Mike kept asking his manager for another....finally they coughed up a brand new model...I realized that when you return you're malfunctioning iPad they'll only give you a refurb....I was incredibly angry and persistent...they finally unwrapped a new box and handed me the brand new iPad (not the box)......I'm surprised at Apples poor customer service....But the brand new iPad works 100% better than the last one....Can't believe I waited months to return it...But they don't make it easy to do
tablet|I love my new iPad2! But I was very disappointed with the included accessories. The USB cable is frustratingly short. The iPad seems to need more power than my USB ports provide, so it won't charge that way. Therefore I have to plug it into the wall, and the ~3ft cord isn't long enough to have the iPad on my desk or in hand while it's charging. I currently have my iPad sitting on the floor in my office so it can charge. Not a very useful location!The USB outlet connector is also frustratingly designed. It has so much mass above and below the prongs that, when plugged into a power strip, it covers outlets on both sides of the one it's plugged into. It's nice that the prong set comes off (to make it interchangeable for sale in other countries or for travel, I assume), but a rotating prong would have been helpful. Other products I've bought have had that basic usability.Overall I gave this review 4 stars. I love the iPad itself, but I can't easily use it the way I want to without purchasing additional accessories, such as a longer USB cable.
tablet|Apple fans are loyal (almost to the point of being fanatic) and are a loveable enough lot but one that can get quite upset if one pans an Apple product.Believe it or not, I've come to praise the iPad 2 but with some modest reservations.I was an early adopter (standing on line the day it went on sale and patiently waiting for it for almost 5 hours). Naturally, I was impressed at how quick and easy it was to use. A lot of thought has gone into the product and it shows. Instant on (I have the magnetic cover) is a bonus and the screen - large and crystal clear - is not so much a selling point but rather a "how to" example for other tablet manufacturers to follow.The Apple store in the meatpacking district of New York City has a qualified, and very friendly, staff who set the unit up for me while they answered my various questions. Considering that they had been doing this since 5 PM and it was now after 10, that is a lot of dedication for one staff! The most amazing thing is: they were all quite proud of the iPad 2. It says a lot when the company employees are that loyal.And the iPad 2 deserves such praise. The product is, in short, wonderful. Light weight yet with a solid feel to it, I plan on taking mine to Europe shortly. After you turn it on, the balance of the iPad 2 is self-explanatory. From the opening screen of icons, the touch screen makes it almost too-easy to take the product that seriously. But it is a useful tool what with a Calendar, notebook, iPod, photo studio, etc. Naturally the much hearalded APP STORE is there and works fine and at a lightning speed. Although I wonder about the "10 hour battery life" claim - it does manage to work long enough to please the most diligent of users.Where the iPad falls short is in the area of productivity. Much discussed, and a sore point, is the lack of a USB port. In todays day and age, that is almost an unforgivable sin. I did get the hook up so I could download my pictures (it works too - and, again, it does it so fast and so effortlessly that it is a minor miracle). There is something almost childish in the decision not to include at least one USB port especially after the loud fracas that happened after the release of the first iPad. FLASH is another sore point and, frankly, one that I don't understand. There is some conflict going on with the world of APPLE and flash so we don't have it. This makes it very difficult to surf the web. Safari is quick but without flash, it misses one of its major components. Again, and this is just my feeling, this is something that could have been corrected quite easily - starting a year ago with the original. Now, the iPad 2 (and the original version, I'm sure) can still do quite an amazing amount of work without these two features but as they are considered standard, it is a puzzle as to why the iPad 2 did not have both of them installed. Also, the lack of a port decreases the iPad's place in the workforce. How can you install, let's say, OFFICE MAC? The system can print (via Bluetooth) so it could be used as an Office-on-the-run (held landscape, the keyboard is quite easy to do some very fast typing upon - one could produce an awful lot of work on it but . . . without a CD drive to install programs, it makes it difficult).Other than that, the unit is nothing short of brilliant. Reading books on it is a pleasure (in most cases the iPad 2 is lighter than a paperback so that is saying a lot) and the wide assortment of apps makes it a standard tool that nearly everybody should own.
tablet|I feel like I might be the only person in the world who does not like the Ipad 2. Basically, its functionality is somewhere between an iphone and a laptop. The first issue that I have with it is that it is expensive and does not fit in my pocket. That means that if I go to town, I really can not take it with me because I would be afraid if I set it down or took my eyes off of it for a minute it would get stolen. I can not walk around holding it all day, so pretty much I have to leave it at home. When I am at home, I have a computer in just about every room, so really dont know what I need the ipad for. It does not really do anything that a computer does not already do.When I travel, space in the carry on bag is a premium. I tried travelling once with this, and leaving the laptop at home, and it was a disaster. It will handle routine email, but if you need to edit a document, or interact with a web site that has flash, you are out of luck. I went to Africa with this instead of a laptop, and ended up on the phone for long periods trying to get someone back in the states to handle the business items I could not do on the ipad. So, when I travel if I already have to take an iphone and a laptop, what niche does the ipad fill?In optimizing my carry on for travel, I take an iphone, a small laptop, a good Sony camcorder, and the canon powershot elph. The ipad gets left home.Bottom line is that I would not buy another one.
tablet|Pros- The design is great. I love how thin this is compared to the first model. Not bulky at all and very easy to carry around. Also, it looks very sleek and modern.- The battery life is wonderful. I use my iPad 2 for hours on end and by the end of the day, there is still more than 50% battery.- Facetime is a great feature. My boyfriend and I Facetime daily and it's just like being there with him. Really cool and great for people who want to video chat with their family or friends.- Great resolution. Nearly every app and feature of this device is crystal clear. Better than an HDTV.- There are literally thousands of apps that one could download & lot of great free ones.- Very fast internet that NEVER freezes or force closes. Even the most detailed, memory eating web pages will load in a couple of seconds.- You could view many websites at once. With the iPad 2, you don't have to close your Yahoo! e-mail to access your Facebook. With this, you could open up several tabs to multitask.- Fast touch keyboard that is large enough to not make mistakes. I take my college notes on this daily and it's fast enough and easy enough to keep up with even the fastest-speaking prof.- Good memory space. I only got the 16GB and I'm very surprised at how much data it holds.Cons- The camera is ABSOLUTELY horrible. When I went to take my first picture, I couldn't help but notice the graininess of the camera. So, if you're looking to purchase this & do a TON of photography, I wouldn't recommend it. It's worse than a 1990s digital camera. Less than one megapixel.- Sometimes the screen rotates without me flipping it. Not a huge deal but it could get annoying.As you can see, the pros definitely outweigh the cons. Overall, it's a good device and a smart buy. You could practically use it anywhere and for nearly everything. Very glad that I purchased this.
tablet|How much do I love my iPad2? Well, as I joke I tell to friends, my husband is threatening to name it the corespondent in our divorce suit. That's only a half joke. I've had this wonderful piece of personal technology since shortly after it was released in April. It goes absolutely everywhere with me. I commute on the train to work, so I got the 3G version for connectivity when I am out of wifi range. With AT&T, it is a reasonable $25 a month for 2 gigs of data transfer, and that is more than enough. And I can turn the 3G plan on and off on a month-by-moth basis if I don't think I'll need it.This thing is so much more than its specs. Here's what I use it for: My email, both personal and work; reading Kindle and iBooks; reading the NY Times in the train, as well as checking about half a dozen other news sites for the latest information; reading magazines in their full-color glory (I recommend Zinio); watching movies and TV (Netflix streaming, Hulu Plus, ABC, You Tube and more - it's been a godsend since last week's hurricane, which lunched my living room TV); participating in discussion forums and blogs; checking Facebook; shopping, shopping, shopping; checking weather; getting maps and navigation; having video chats with friends; using Skype for landline calls when I was in Spain and couldn't use my iPhone; playing with jigsaw puzzles, my favorite time suck. There's much, more more, but I'd be here all night.I know that other Android-based tablets can do most of these things and can even do something's that iPad cannot. But I love the look and feel of the iPad - it feels very light in my hands, even with a leather cover. And I love the incredible range of apps available from Apple. Some Apple-haters would accuse me of "drinking the Apple KoolAid" and let them. All I know is that this is the best piece of personal technology that has yet been invented.
tablet|I absolutely love my ipad2! I had debated for months about getting one. I was afraid I would be wasting my money. After having it actually in my hands, it's one of the best purcjases I've made! I use it all the time as an ereader, computer, ipod, playing games, etc. The.ipad2 is definitely worth the money!
tablet|I absolutly LOVE my IPad 2 I can't really think of anything that's wrong with it, besides not being able to have Flash- but you can pretty much get an app for anything like that! I also bought the Smart Cover, very useful-I always have it on! However it doens't cover the back-I just ordered a few days ago the SmartSleeve from BoxWave, I have heard that it is a good buy, I would suggest something like that! The camera works very well, I am helping my sister plan her whole wedding through our IPads. I bought mine thorugh WalMart, but you never-the-less Apple products are very trustworthy~I didn't even get coverage. Very good product, and would strongly suggest it for anybody that is on-the-go, has kids, my grandparents use it sometimes also! It's great for work too!
tablet|I really do enjoy the iPad 2 it has an amazing display and it is super fast. Very lightweight and sleek design.the cameras work extremely well in the light, in the dark it seems to be fuzzy. The other day there was a problem with the volume rocker and Apple did a very good job at helping me fix it. Now it works with ease. The battery is very very good it lasts 10+ hours sometimes if I use it correctly it will last days. This is the best tablet on the market. I'm actually writing the review on it now which brings me to the keyboard. It is very responsive and comfortable to type on. At first it is hard to type but once you get use to it you will type pretty fast. In fact I'm better at typing on this than on the computer. It is just so much easier.if you get this you will agree. The bad reviews are wrong. Those reviews were probably written by the companies with other tablets just trying to bring their tablet to the top and Apple's to the ground but it will NEVER HAPPEN. Apple is the best brand of technology out their. Don't hesitate to buy. They go very quick. Apple even shipped it quicker than 1 week. Than I got it in 1 week. Although I had to wait it was well worth it. I originally went with the xoom but it was to slow and was delayed. Plus the iOS software is just plain better and much simpler. The Apple iPad 2 is great for all people, chefs, business men and women, teachers,or even the stay at home mom. Always fun.
tablet|At first I was a bit hesitant about purchasing the ipad. When the first generation came out I had no interest what-so-ever. It wasn't untill a cople of weeks ago I did some heavy research on tablet pc'. Comparing different models ect. What made me ultimately get the ipad was all the reviews I read on it vs the play book, and the samsung galaxey tablet. I really find that I use it every day, and that was one of my biggest concerns. I play games on it, have a bunch of books I love on there, as well as music, besides web surfing, I use it as a personal journal. I don't regret my purchase and it was worth every cent. However I don't recommend.buying the smart cover. It doesn't give enough coverage, instead I purchased a product from hear called roo case and I love it! I also got a anti-glear screen protector. I highley recommended this product.
tablet|Whether you are a Windows user or a Mac user like myself, you will find that the Apple's IPad 2 is incredibly easy use. Heck, I taught my grandmother how to use it in an hour and she has no grasp of technology whatsoever.CustomizeOne can customize the placement of their applications based on how often that one uses them, by category, by favorite, or however ones wants, you can completely customize the order of your apps.Camera and WeightThe IPad 2 is thinner then its predecessor as well as lighter, it also includes a front and rear camera which makes video chatting via Facetime efficient. However, the quality of these cameras are nowhere near the standards that one expects to see from a piece of technology, especially at the price that Apple charges. Apple cites that the small mega-pixel camera is the result of a thin design, which I understand. I do not use my IPad to take pictures, I do however carry it everywhere. It's thin and light design enables me to slip it in to that last little space of room in my backpack without adding much weight.Media and GraphicsFor those of you that are on the go, you can use the IPad for games, music, videos, and even writing word documents. I however, do not like watching movies on my IPad, because any movie that comes from Itunes is only in wide screen format which makes the actual movie frame very small. That and the not so great quality of movie graphics, makes me reluctant to do so. The graphics on the IPad 2 are good when not watching movies, when watching they are are not terrible but they are not great, and can be vastly improved.The KeyboardWhat bothers me the most about the IPad 2 is the keyboard, the letters are shrunk so that the keyboard can fit, but it was not done proportionally. The lack o a quick transition between symbols, numbers, and letters makes note taking inefficient on the IPad 2.
tablet|The main reason I purchased an iPad 2 was to be an ebook reader. The iPad supports kindle iBookcoursesmart and PDFs so I can easily find any textbook I need. The screen is great for reading in dark and well lighted areas and the text unless very small is easy to read. The OS is amazing and will only get better with ios 5 the apps such as evernote make the iPad the perfect notebook to read notes on etc. Battery life is incredible I can easily go 3-4 days without needing a recharge however I get 10-12 hours with constant use. If you truly want to use the iPad to it's full potential I recommend getting a smart cover it doesn't interfear with docks and cleans the screen as well as works as a great stand. The only downside I can think of is the keyboard it's awkward to use at times and can make you want to shorten or leave out words to type faster (using iPad now). I highly recommend getting an MacBook air and iMac if you can afford it. Using several computer setups I have never found a setup that just works like these 3 put together.UPDATE: iOS 5 brings many more features students will love such a document sharing and iCloud backup over wifi after a full quarter using this device I have had zero issues and my battery still gets around ten hours of actual use before dying on me.
tablet|The Verizon models does not have neither a GSM SIM card, nor an IMEI number. This detail is very important for the buyers outside of the Verizon coverage, or people who want to use this item in another country.
tablet|I have been a Windows gal since the 1980s. I've owned many PCs and one laptop during that time and never even considered getting anything other than Windows. When I got a phone I made sure it ran Android. I was anti-Apple. I thought people who bought Apple products were members of a cult who'd been brainwashed.Hmm. I got an iPad after my partner said she wanted one. I was seduced the second I held it. Wow. Unbelievable. It took minutes to set up. There were no error messages. Everything worked perfectly. The design is elegant, sublime.I never thought I'd own a tablet let alone an Apple product, but I can honestly say this was one of the smartest, coolest purchases I've ever made. The apps are great, the battery holds a charge, and it's an incredibly freaking fun toy.I was wrong. All you Apple people were right. I am now a member of the cult and will probably only buy Apple products in the future.
tablet|What makes Apple a great company is the amount of polish they put on their finished devices that ensure they work and work well. Bugs and other device problems aren't something you come to expect from Apple because of the tireless work that goes into making sure the manufactured parts work together in harmony. This was something manufacturers of other tablets did not do when they rushed their way to the market Apple was claiming all to itself. The result was a number of products, most of which had bugs or other serious performance problems.Anyway, the iPad 2 bulked up a bit from its predecessor. A dual core processor and a little more RAM helped keep this device up with the Johnsons, spec-wise. Usability-wise, it's still as friendly to the user as can be. The interface isn't complicated and anyone familiar with how an iPhone works will have no problem getting into this device right away.Cameras on front and back were added. It's a shame they couldn't get a HD camera sensor in the device because that would make Facetime all the better. As it is, the video quality isn't that great but it does what it says it does and the video chat function works pretty nice. The back camera? Never used it and don't plan to.Then there is the App Store itself. Instead of paying $69.99 every time you need to feed your kid's hunger for a new game, you can drop 99 cents for most applications, whether they are games or educational apps or any of the vast amount of programs created that fit anyone's budget. As tablets become more and more popular, more and more content is finding its way onto the device. ABC has a player where you can watch their new shows in their entirety. HBO has one, too. Doctors are using these devices as they make patient records easily available. Teachers use these to track grades for their classes and educational apps help them figure out what subject matter their students may be struggling with. And these are just two niche examples of what the device can do. As an everyday consumer, you can really shape this device around your life and even find applications that make your professional life easier.For a portable, in your bed experience, this works wonders. The backlight trims when it detects low lighting so your eyes won't strain. The 10 inch screen is more than enough for watching Netflix or other content you can stream (I use AirVideo since I have a lot of media on my home machine and it streams it all -- .AVI, .MKV, .MP4 -- perfectly).If you take this wifi model out of the house and find yourself in places where you don't have wifi access, you can still use whatever apps you have that don't require an Internet connection, or you can play videos that you store on the device. Since this is Apple we're talking about, you can find apps that will play any kind of media so you aren't stuck with just the .MP4 codec that Apple would prefer you use.There aren't many limitations to the device...Adobe Flash support is usually cited among the things people don't like about the device. Good news on that front: Adobe is abandoning Flash for mobile devices (in part because they can't fix the non-stop security holes Flash has) so eventually that won't be a concern. Steve Jobs said Adobe Flash was garbage and didn't get support for it with the iPad. Other manufacturers chose to include Flash but it didn't take long before they admitted it killed the battery life on their devices, while the iPad2 can go all day without needing a charge. Watch movies all day. Play games all day. You don't need this hooked up to a power outlet all the time like you would a laptop and this is much easier to carry around, so the number of situations you can use this device (waiting rooms, long car trips, air travel) goes way up.There are many things to like about this device and there are some drawbacks (no USB support besides tethering to your computer, no HDMI, no Adobe Flash and no expanded memory card slots. But they are few and nearly insignificant when you realize there are alternatives to the roadblocks you think you may face, including cloud storage.This tablet is the cream of the crop. There is some good competition out there but the ease-of-use, availability of 70,000 plus apps in the Apple app store, plus how dependable the device is keeps Apple on the throne of best tablet manufacturer.
tablet|I'm not a tech guy. In fact, I generally loathe having to deal with computers and technology. Unfortunatly, since I own my own business I spend a large part of my day sending e-mails, processing orders, and doing book keeping, so much of my day is spent interacting with technology. I also spend a good portion of my day on the road, and until recently I had to lug my laptop around. Whenever I found down time, wherever I was, I'd have to bring it out, wait for it to boot up, log on to the internet, get my work done, then wait for it to shut down. It got the job done, but it was heavy and awkward to carry around, and uncomfortable to use in the car.I'd been considering switching to a tablet for a long time, and when I finally decided to go ahead and make the switch I researched every tab on the market. I spent a lot of time testing tabs at the electronics stores. Some just weren't very intuitive, and getting them to perform required more effort than I was willing to invest. Some were choppy. Some seemed to crash every 5 minutes.The one that always operated beautifully was the Ipad 2. Unfortunately, my business requires that I watch videos my clients send me, and the lack of flash support worried me. Ultimately I decided I could use the Ipad on the road and watch whatever videos I couldn't get to play when I got home to my computer.Set up was very easy - and I'm not the most computer literate guy. Downloaded Itunes, plugged the Ipad in, and it was up and running. Within an hour the lack of flash support became annoying... Then I did a bit of research and found an App for $4.99 that allowed me to view flash on my Ipad flawlessly! The Ipads one limitation was solved for less than $5.00! Now I have Apps that simplify every element of my business. Maps, record keeping, creating documents...The Ipad is wonderful to travel with. Day to day, on the road locally, it is light and slim, easy to take with my wherever I go. When I need to access records or check my e-mail I no longer have to wait for my laptop to boot up, with the touch of a button my Ipad is up and running, and on the internet moments later.The battery life is stunning... It keeps me entertained and/or productive on long flights, and in hotel rooms in unfamiliar cities.I very rarely use my laptop since I got my Ipad. My Ipad does everything my laptop did for me, only it usually does it faster and easier. In fact, the main thing I wish I could change about the Ipad is the fact that it needs a computer to sync with (though it only needs to do this very rarely)... I wish it were a completely independant device so I could just set my laptop aside completely and let it gather dust.The Ipad isn't 100% perfect. The camera isn't impressive at all. Watching flash requires downloading and using a seperate web browser app (I generally use Safari, overall its a better browser than the flash enabled one. When I run into a flash issue, I copy the address, open the Photon app and paste the address there) It's slightly annoying to have to take the extra steps, but it's not a huge issue.Overall, I couldn't be happier with it!
tablet|I've done a ton of research on tablets, and ultimately decided on the iPad 2. I like the customization of android, but in the end it came down to the stability and the vast amount of apps. Before considering buying an iPad I was wondering why people would not shut up about how many apps there are, well now I really do get it. While some of them aren't very useful for me, there are quite a few i would say that are very well designed and extremely useful and just plain entertaining.I really hated the fact that there was no flash, and no true multiple tasking, but after taking a chance on the iPad I realized I really didn't notice the flash too much, however, the lack of true multitasking can be frustrating at times. The iOS definitely needs an update, but for the first time user it will be a pleasurable experience.The quality of the ipad is incredible, and the experience from startup to actually using the device was impressive to say the least. The screen is beautiful and the screen is extremely responsive. Oh, and not to forget, the battery life is unreal at a true ten plus hours of browsing and streaming video and audio.The Internet browsing experience is very nice, I've had no issues at all. The web pages render perfectly and overall is a blast to use ( even without flash).I would whole heartily recommend the iPad 2 to anyone seeking a device that allows you to browse the web, check email, play games, check and pay bills, loves creating anything at all, or just wants to sit on the couch and watch some Netflix. The iPad isn't flawless but at this price it is very fair for what you get. If you are looking to totally replace your laptop, it's possible, but it just depends on what you really use it for. I personally replaced my laptop with this device and never looked back.Hope this helps.
tablet|Got the product and had problems with it right away. I even took it into the Apple store and it couldn't be fixed. Had to return it to the company and I had to pay shipping and handling back. Also upon taking it in to the Apple store for assistance I paid more for this "new" product than I would have if I bit the bullet and bought one from Apple. Upon emailing the company directly I got VERY unprofessional responses and was not pleased with the customer service I received in the slightest. After buying one from Apple directly I have had no problems at all.
tablet|The ipad2 I ordered from amazon came very quickly, a lot faster than they expected. It was a 32 gb. This was for my 68 year old sister-in-law who has not used a computer. After a few instructions, she was able to pick up and use it, using face time to talk to her son abroad, nephews and grand nephews across the state, skyping, emails etc. She wanted to store pictures in it so we bought a usb cable to attached an external portable hard drive, and lo and behold, it doesn't eve see it. Apparently, apple products are not expandable as I thought. (I used an android operating system from verizon). So she is stuck with pictures in her sd card. So I told her to just store the pictures in sd cards. SD cards are not that cheap though but I don't see an alternative. She does not have a laptop at all. This is my only gripe with the Ipad.
tablet|Ok now Im not rich so I dont have a Xoom and a Touchpad and a Tab and everything else to compare it too, but I can give you my review of the iPad itself.I looked into all of the other tablets too and from what I have found, the iPad was the best. While it does not have flash, I have so far found that to be no big deal anyway. if you absolutely have to have flash for something, look it up on your computer.Typing:Typing on it is not terrible but its not my favorite. I had an iPod touch and was used to typing on a touch screen so that part wasnt a big deal to me. The touchscreen itself is great and is very accurate as to actually registering the button you hit. This review is written on my laptop though because I knew that I wouldnt want to type several paragraphs on the iPad. For chatting on facebook or searching the internet and stuff like that though, it is actually really great.Cameras:Now the cameras are not 100% what I expected them to be. They are decent but are still grainy. Granted I havent taken pictures and then viewed them in normal size yet, so the graininess is just being blown up to iPad size. It might get better if it is shrunken down but so far it seems grainy to me. Really though, its better than not having a camera at all.Apps:Photobooth seems to be the most fun app for showing off the iPad to other people. it was nice that it came with it instead of having to buy it. All of the other apps pretty much work like the iPod touch's apps do, and I love the iPod touch. The email is a lot nice to use now that it is updated.Garageband is great! for $5 its the cheapest and best audio recording software you can get. It was the first thing that I bought and have been playing with it ever since. I like that you can play the instruments right on the iPad and record and edit it all.Safari is a really great and simple browser and it feels really natural to search the web on itiPod is really good too its like having your iTunes library on your computer and being able to go through all of your songs and have it all spread out where you can see it allI bought Legendary Blade II also for a few bucks and it really shows off how great the iPads graphics areScreen:Like I said above the graphics are really really good on it. My old iPod apps have all had to be updated because they are not even close to the quality that the iPad demands to look good. I think that the best way to see how good the graphics are is with books. the quality of writing is better than on my laptop.The touchscreen interface is the best that I have seen on any of the gadgets ive played with. Apple has dominated the touchcreen market and I dont think anyone comes close to them.Smart Cover:I dont know what it will do over the long run but so far it is great! I didnt buy it from amazon so i dont know what the legitimacy of the seller is, but as for the smart cover itself, I love it. the auto on auto off works great and so does the auto align. It looks great on the iPad 2 and it adds practically no thickness whatsoever. I feel like it actually does protect the iPad and it does its job. when it is rolled up and used as a stand it feels sturdy in both positions. I couldnt be more happy with it. clearly it doesnt protect the back from scratches and stuff, but the back is solid aluminum. aside from a few scratches, its not going to hurt it. I dont plan to drop my iPad, but i feel like if i did drop it face down its strong and cushioned enough that it wouldnt destroy my screen either. I would definitely buy it againMemory:I got the 16 gig and it has more than enough for my 600 songs a 125 apps.I would totally recommend this to anyone and if anything changes I will updateThat is all I have but if you found it helpful I would really appreciate you taking a few seconds to hit the helpful button :) Thanks
tablet|I have had this thing switched out 6 times at the apple store because there is always dead pixels on every screen, I mean the black pixels that are annoying, I guess apple is now trying to use cheaper products to save them money and rip us off.I love the ipad and everything but this screen flaw thing is ridiculous.
tablet|An iPad-2 (64GB) purchased by me a year ago stopped working in May 2012 despite having been barely used. Apple, by necessity, replaced it at its Reston, VA store. That brand new replacement iPad failed again within just 4 months (Serial number DKVHG0MNDFJ0). The Apple store in Reston VA refused to fix or replace it, hiding behind a claimed "3 month warranty for (new) replacements. (ref. its store manager, Ingrid H.), even though it was less than 5 months old.Anyone thinking of buying an Apple product should decide for themselves if they want to buy a product from a company that refuses to replace it a mere 5 months after it was obtained new from that company.
tablet|I'm a long time Android phone user, but I decided to give Apple a try when it came to a tablet.In trying out different tablets in person, I found most of the Android tablets to be either too heavy and/or bulky, or cheap feeling.I also found Android 3.x (Honeycomb) to be difficult to use, and the tablets with Android 2.x just looking like a phone under a magnifying glass. The Motorola Xoom appeared to be very well built, but a little on the heavy side.When I tried an ipad after sifting through the sea of Android tablets at the local electronics store, I was sold instantly. The user interface is so smooth and simple compared to Android. I also knew that Apple products are typically less buggy than Android. I've had a lot of difficulties with the bugginess of all my Android phones. I may have been more courageous to try an Android tablet if more of them had support from Cyanogenmod. As of now, there are only two Android tablets (not great ones) that they officially support. Android 4.0 is coming soon, and looks promising, but that's yet to be seen.The ipad is so smooth to the touch, and so comfortable in the hands... it's competitors are no match in initial impressions.After having plenty of time to play with it, I have mixed feelings about it.There are some drawbacks. Every time you download something from itunes (including music, videos, apps, and books) it asks for your password (if you haven't entered it in the last 15 minutes). It even asks for your password when downloading free items. I understand that this was a measure to stop children from running up bills on their parents accounts, but I don't have children, and there is no way to disable this feature.In the appstore, there are a lot of free apps, but I feel there are many more for free in the Android market. I like free apps. I don't like paying huge costs for hardware, then still having to pay for every little thing I need it to do. But that appears to be the case here. I have found some cool stuff for free, though. It's just riddled with ads.iOS 5.0... I guess that's the big thing right now, but I'm not that excited about it. My ipad shipped with 4.3 and I could barely tell the difference after the update. If they were trying to gain Android's strengths with that update, they FAILED. iOS defnitely does have it's own strengths, though.I am absolutely astonished at the battery life on the ipad. I can play games all night, while connected to wifi, and occasionally streaming videos... and by some miracle, I still have plenty of battery life left. My phone (Motorola Droid 3) would not stand for this... it's dead as a doornail before I get to 3 hours of playing games on it.I previously owned a Kindle 3 e-reader, which persuaded me that paper books were still the best way to go.iBooks changed my mind! NO EXTERNAL LIGHT NEEDED! Unlike the Kindle or Nook. You can read in the dark without disturbing your bedmate. It actually looks and acts like an open book, too! I'm so excited about that. When you flip the page, you literally touch the edge of the page on the screen and flip it like a book's page! The screen is very sharp, and brightness is adjustable to levels that are tolerable in the dark or in bright sunlight. Honestly, it's completely worth being 3 times the cost of a Kindle just as an e-reader.Internet browsing is terrific. Much better than I ever expected from a mobile device. All this bickering about iOS not using flash... it must be old news. I've loaded flash content on both Safari and the Dolphin browser (from the app store). What's more... flash appears to be smoother on my ipad than on my flash supported Droid 3.Also worth noting, the ipad docks to my car stereo just like my ipod classic does. The stereo is able to maintain control over it just as it does an ipod (I read mixed reviews about this functionality). The surprising thing... the stereo also charges the ipad (although, I believe it's at a slower rate).All in all, the ipad is great, but I still feel the pinch of the lack of customization that I've enjoyed with Android. In physical form, it has no competitor. I'm happy with my purchase.Cyanogenmod! This is a call for a port! Dual boot!
tablet|I bought the iPad 2 wifi 16g to take with me to Afghanistan. When I first recieved it, it was amazing. It was new, flashy, fast, the charge lasted forever and all my friends wanted to play with it. After about a week or two, the battery didn't seem to stay charged as long. It wasn't that big of a problem though, because I was never far from a plug. When I got to Afghanistan is when I lost all respect for the iPad 2. The lack of constant signal caused apps and updates to half download which left permanent gliches in the programs and the main screen as well, that I cannot get rid of. Problems, that none of my friends with other brand's tablets had. The battery life was almost cut in half and its a hassle to do anything with it now because of the poor state of apps and the whole iPad itself. I would recommend this if you will always have perfect signal and never be more than 10 feet away from a plug.
tablet|I was surprised to see that my iPad2 was defect. However the box was nicely sealed and the item looked brand new. So I mailed in a complaint to the Amazon retail store that sold me the product. I got a fast response saying that I should contact Apple, because it's a factory defect. So I replied on the mail by saying, Why? I purchased from you, so you should handle this case with your supplier (which in this case is Apple). But that did not help much, I really needed to contact Apple online store to solve this problem. So I did! To make a long story short, 3 weeks later and I finally have a new iPad2. Not from the Amazon online store, but directly from Apple. My sugestion is. Don't buy this item from this Amazon store, since there is no benifit in buying from them!
tablet|First, when you guys say 500,000 application, do you really count the silly games as useful applications?For business, this device is Nothing to me. You won't believe how many times I wanted to leave it home and take my MacBook with me again. Believe me, I love Apple products, in fact waited inline for this silly product the second year around, First for iPad and now for iPad 2.It all comes down to this: When things are too simple, things become too complicated. No real, heavy duty operating system. If I specify why this thing isn't working for my business, I will need 5 pages to fill. I have in the past posted a review on how great this product was, but that was before really trying it for business,Its not even okay for simple web browsing and I am not talking about flash blah blah, because I never encountered a website that didn't run on the iPad, but Im talking physically, To hold it down it made my neck hurt, A MacBook is far more comfortable, you look vertically and type horizontally.Again, I wait in line for iPhone, every single version of it, I adore my MacBook pro and can never switch back to a PC but this stupid device, I will never buy again. YUK.Im thinking to buy the new 11.6" MacBook Air instead.Thanks for taking the time to read my review.
tablet|I put off getting an iPad forever. I wanted one SO BADLY, but found it impossible to justify the purchase. Who needs an iPad when you have a desktop, an iPhone, and a laptop? An iPad would be a total waste of money, right? Well, now I finally have an iPad 2, and OH MY GOODNESS, HOW DID I LIVE WITHOUT IT ALL THIS TIME?!?!?The iPad is amazing. You are all familiar with the impressive technical details, I'm sure. Incredibly thin. Unbelievably lightweight. Spectacularly clear screen. Amazing battery life. The list goes on and on. However, the product description doesn't tell you how the iPad will change your life. Seriously, it has changed mine. I have no need to drag a heavy laptop around now that I have my iPad. As someone who rarely uses word processing programs anymore, the iPad has rendered my laptop practically useless. It also has some awesome word processing apps, so if I do need to type something, I can do so with ease, even using a touch screen. It's so nice to be able to pull this out of my bag and have instant Internet access with an amazing screen wherever I am. I have the 32GB version with wi-fi, and have plenty of space to store movies, music, apps, whatever. My iPad is with me wherever I go. I especially love having it handy when I'm at home, relaxing on the couch. It's so easy and comfortable to use the iPad wherever. I am a very happy customer!
tablet|I'm a developer and Android fan who also happens to have and Android phone which I love. So I was looking for the same experience in a tablet, and mostly because of Android being open and the fact that I may be able to apply custom roms, etc. After researching a lot, months ago I found the Androids tablet to be superior, or so I thought, to the iPad. Thats because I compared the hardware specs, usb support, etc. So I bought an Archos tablet first and then a GTab. But to be honest, the experience was never fluid or at least not near to what I was used in my phone. The UI is very laggy and there are too many bugs still. After a while I couldnt stand it anymore and I sold them. I think the problem is the software, Android, which is evolving and is still not ready for primetime, though I do think it will be sometime given the currnt trend.So I decided to give the iPad a try. And it was worth it. The experience of this product is amazing, everything is crisp and fluid, even with less hardware than the Android ones. There's just no way to compare the OS in this regard. The iPad offers the best experience for a tablet today. If you don't believe me go and try one for at least 30 mins. I know that Apple is closed and all of those things I also hate, but still, the experience of using this device is so amazing it outweights other purely inellectual aspects, at least for me it does.If you want a tablet that is fluid, reliable and just works, buy the iPad. Even the iPad 1 will do. If you want to play with roms and don't mind the bugs and UI freezes and basically don't mind spending time debugging usability issues, buy and Android tablet for the nice things like USB integration and openess.For now I'll stick to Android for phones and to Apple for tablets. Let's see what happens a year from now.Hope this review helps.
tablet|I wanted to know what I was missing and apparently it was my money.You're dependent on iTunes and it's junk. Apple products are said to be easy to use but they don't live up to the hype. iTunes expects the user to know what to do. There are no clues as to how it should be used. All of that money and they can't even afford tool tips. I've spend an hour trying to figure out how to put a PDF into my iPad and it's like pulling teeth. A simple task made difficult by a bad design. Why can't I just drag and drop the files using Windows explorer like every other hardware product in the world? Why so difficult?Apple had an edge when they were first to market. Now they're relying on the loyal base and offer no advantages. Pay more and do less. Still no USB or SD card slots? It makes every task difficult.Good for browsing the web and checking email but not much more.I had to try it and regret the purchase.Simple tasks could be A LOT easier.------------------------------------------------------------------After wasting another hour of my life I finally figured out how to put PDFs onto this piece of junk. When I first started iTunes there was only one menu available and it was hidden under a graphic in the upper left corner of the app. I "Added files to library" from the menu and selected my PDFs. This made them appear in iTunes under Books but it didn't put them on my iPad even after several syncs and prayer.The solution(of course) was to select Show Menu Bar from the first menu to get a second menu (File, Edit, View, ...), then I could select View Side Bar to get a third menu I needed to add my PDFs. The first screen they appeared in was also labeled Books but it is obviously something different. After doing a sync the PDFs didn't appear in the Acrobat Reader where I expected them(why would they?) and I eventually found them in iBooks.The PDFs still won't appear in either of the PDF apps I installed. Why not? This makes absolutely no sense. Easy? No.I tried using the iPad search feature but it can't find the PDFs that are on the iPad even though they show up in iBooks. The files are there. Why doesn't search find them? Because iPads are over priced JUNK! Basic functionality doesn't work.Apple products are supposed to be easy to use but they are far from it.Very disappointed. Not designed well and lots of room for improvement. It makes me wonder what they've been working on for the last few years. It wasn't usability.------------------------------------------------------------------The more i use it, the more I hate it. This weekend I received a message from iCloud Backup that has rendered my iPad completely useless. When I tap OK to dismiss the message it keeps coming back. I can't dismiss the message, I can't interact with any apps, I can't power it down, I can't pull the battery. What am I supposed to do? Is this why everybody goes to the Apple store?
tablet|The company treated my return expeditiously and was very courteous. The product was well wrapped and shipped in more than adequate protection. The glass was new and the back was used as per the description. The back was chipped severely on all sides like it fell from a moving bicycle--it should not have been used. Under the glass was a dark splotch about 2x4 inches. Its wasn't subtle--it was a glaring defect. Once turned on, the splotch selected whatever was underneath it. Apparently there was not even the breifest of efforts given towards quality control. The tablet was unusable. A horrible disapointment.
tablet|I found it heavy, larger than I preferred, and very slippery if not inside a leather holder. I did not like that I could not customize the home screen. I also did not like that several apps could not be removed. I sold it after about a month. I felt like I had to play Apple's game. I like android based operating systems better.
tablet|I have to admit I wish i would of thought of the idea of Ipads years ago and would of banked millions hahaIpad (2) are a necessity for everyone ranging from a business man, to a college student to a busy mom to a learning child. Ipads have everything you need all in one and what makes this thing so great is that it works for various and different types of people needs.Ok im from the old school days, remember when you had to carry a planner, a calendar, a calculator, a to do list, a grocery list all in your purse and before you know it, your purse had so much weight to it!!Now ipads have all of that in one and more!!Techonologhy has allowed us this generation to be more efficient and less time consumed by having gadgets like this run our busy lives.Now if you don't have an ipad you may say you don't need an ipad, but I have to say you're wrong! Whether you like to read, watch movies, listen to music, play games, surf the net, do homework, ipad should be apart of your life and will make things so much simpler.FOR KIDS:Ipad is a great learning toy, probably the best one made. It something about the huge touch screen filled with color that makes kids go crazy for it, and with all the learning apps it will trick your kid into thinking its a toy, when their learning and playing at the same time. It amazes me how now schools like elem and middle school will now be having ipads for their students. Its great because growing up i remember having tons of books in a big ole jansport the that weighed my back down.There are tons of apps available for kids and if you want your child to learn or sit still at home or in the car get your child an ipadFOR STUDENTS:If you're in college or even high school having 4 to 8 classes each class requires atleast 2 books and those books add up and are even costly. Ipad 2 can save all that and even save on buying those stocks of notebook paper. ipad 2 allows you to take notes and have all your college books stored on there. Amazing!FOR BUSY MOMS:being a mom is a very busy 24 hour job!!! And as a mom you have to keep up with appointments, doc visits for your child, birthdays, and etc. Instead of carrying a planner, calendar, and etc. Having an ipad and apps for your busy mom. schedule makes life a bit more easier.Ipads are great for every age and even grandmas/grandpas. The huge screen allows us readers to zoom in and see everything clearly.MY EXPERIENCE:At 1st when iPads came out i said i did not NEED one simply becuz Iam always glued to my computer! and than computers wasn't portable easily, i mean yes you can take it with you, but i mean can you slip it right in your purse...no! I never really left home with my laptop because i had to find wi fi and than carry it in its case, bring the plug, it just felt like too much! And than the iPhones came out! I'm like great portability, internet, email check on the go, Facebook, tweet, on the go!!!But as great as the iphones are they are made for that....to be a phone and being on the internet and etc would drain my battery and i need it for calls. but the major drawback for me was the screen, iphone 4s screen seems sooo small compared to an ipad 2So one day my husband convinced on an iPad 2 by getting me one, and i was instantly in love!!as much as I work on my computer at home, once I'm done and i want to relax and read n surf the internet n listen to some music i pull out my iPad 2 and i own a mac. I don't want a laptop on my lap while I'm laying down.And than the portability!! love it i can slip this in my purse, i don't need to bring a charger, case, and etc, just the iPad and I'm out the door.Now ipads shouldn't be computer replacements if you do most work on a computer. Now if you do a lot of homework, word docs, emailing on a iPad i would definitely suggest a keyboard, my hands hurt just typing this reviewI use my ipad for everything from listening to pandora to watching Netflix movies while I'm in the kitchen cooking. Its a great entertainment tool and saves money on electricity instead of having the tv and radio on all the time.Battery Life:When i first got the iPad 2 it felt like it took 2 days for it die even with heavy use, now after couple of months I have to charge it atleast once a day. on heavy use, it can last a couple of hours with no charge. So battery life is okTouch screen:Very responsive touch screen better than other touch screen tablets. You don't have to press hard and it quickly responds to your fingertips!Screen size:I think the screen size is a bit big, but great, I mean you can see everything so clearly and zoom in and everything is right in your face.Weight:I carry this in my purse daily and im not complaining of shoulder pain. It does add a little weight to my purse but nothing where its like omg i have to take this out my bag. In comparison its like having 2 notebooks in your bag/purseCons:Unlike most other tablets they have hdmi ports, sd slots, usb slots ipads have none of those. It would be great if it atleast can take a memory card on its own and not need to buy a accessory to attach to transfer photos.Camera:camera quality back and front sucks to me. The way phones are made now with 8 mp cameras the ipad 2 is in no comparison its camera quality is like a razor phone, when cameras on phones first came out. Like it does the job but nothing to print out and frame up.Overall I think apple did a great concept for technology by creating this and making our busy lives less hectic. iPads can be used for everything from music, to youtube, to web surfing, to email, to word docs, to reading, and so much more. If you're undecided to get an ipad, consider it. I don't think you'll regret like return it back, you ll be too in love. It is a bit pricy but than again all apple products are, and honestly coming from windows for over 12years straight and android phones for over 10 years straight i only regret not going to apple sooner.Its like having a nissan car 1st and driving a bentley after, you'll never want to go back to a nissanI love my Ipad 2, im using it now for this review and i use it every single day! happy shopping!
tablet|My old laptop died after I just bought a new car. I had no way in paying for a new laptop. Since I am no longer a full time student anymore, there wasn't much of a point other than just entertainment purposes. All I really like to do is check my email, watch youtube videos, listen to music, and listen to church sermons and play chess. I wouldn't want to spend a ton of money on something just for those purposes. A cheaper laptop I could have got but they honestly wouldn't last long. So the Apple Ipad was a perfect idea and it works well for the unimportant stuff I like to do off the internet. Well worth the price indeed!!!By the way, I am not trying to be sarcastic. The Ipad is a big help for me. As I have went through periods of depression, I don't know where I would be if it wasn't for being able to listen to the sermons off the internet, nor communicating with my friends through email, and even getting my mind off of things through playing chess and listening to music. I thank all of you at Apple for letting me experience these things at an affordable price.
tablet|When I first heard about the iPad a few years ago, I was shocked. Astounded. Amazed. Being a huge Star Trek fan, I geeked out over the "trekiness" of the product. Being a kid, I fell in love with Photo Booth, and the stupid pictures I could take. Being a person, nothing seemed impossible. And with my iPad, I have made impossible things happen. Things that were never expected or thought of. Things that were out of the question. My two Aunts, who have had no contact with technology, were fascinated by Google Earth and fell in love with Photo Booth. Like a kid. Like me. So, for this review, I will spare you the boring technical details and review the heart and soul of the iPad. Because this product doesn't touch your brain. It touches your heart. When you see how this device can change education, science, literature, technology, and the world, you will be won over. Because this is beautiful. This is a dream.Thanks for the memories, Apple.Andy Pavey
tablet|Wow I am writing my review right now from my iPad. I am addicted to this it keeps me up all night reading out of interest; with all the news and technology apps. The battery lasts me three days sometimes. Overall it is 5 stars!
tablet|I bought this when it first came out, so I bought it from Apple. It is amazing! It has plenty more features than the iPad 1. The iPad has a long battery life, great processor, and is very, very durable. However, the camera on this iPad is slightly mediocre at best. Don't waste too much money on the iPad 3, go with this one.
tablet|Ok, I can't say this item really needs a review, I think everyone pretty much knows the iPad is the master of the tablets. I paid full price for my 64gb iPad and I don't regret it, even as long as it took me to save up for it. I love getting digital copies of movies (like from the bluray discs you were already going to buy) and putting them on this bad boy to take wherever I want. Not only can I enjoy it, but with an AV adapter cord I can plug it up to any HDTV and entertain everyone.Obviously the apps are awesome. There practically is an app for everything. My biggest consideration in getting the iPad over an ereader was the amount of books you have access to. On an iPad, you have access to all the iBooks, Kobo books, B&N nook books, and amazon kindle books through their own app. Just recently I found one negative thing about having an iPad over a kindle. I'm not talking about the fire either, because I really don't know enough about the fire to compare point for point, I'm just talking ebooks here. The Kindle lets you borrow one book a month I believe it is for free (the kindle version ones that are listed as $0.00) if you are an amazon prime member. Until recently, I wasn't a prime member and I wasn't disappointed until I found out that the iPad app for kindle doesn't offer the free borrowing of books unless you have an actual kindle. This may change some day if enough people complain, but as of right now, it isn't offered. So if you are fine with paying for all of your books or you aren't willing to pay to be a prime member, then you have access to more books on an ipad. Oh another cool thing is that you can download the overdrive app which you can rent digital books or audiobooks from your local library with your library card for free. I love the audiobooks because I'm sure you know how expensive they are to buy, and unless I know for sure its a good book, I'm not willing to drop $20-$45 on an audiobook.As for the internet on the iPad, browsing is a breeze, saving pages and bookmarking is a breeze. The only thing is it does have some problems connecting to little mom and pop wif signals for some reason. Its a known problem and I imagine the iPad3 will be better at this. Other than that there are no complaints from me for the internet.Printing from the iPad is so cool, too. Even if you don't have an airprint printer, you can still find an app to print to almost any printer through wifi. I haven't found one yet that I couldn't print on using Print Bureau. Its really cool and after you figure out how to use it, its pretty simple too. I can even print to my huge commercial printer/scanner/network fax machine at work.I also love the adapters for cameras that lets you easily plug and transfer pictures/video directly to the iPad to send or post somewhere online.If you have an iPod or iPhone, the charger that comes with the iPad is much stronger, and charges your other apple idevices much faster than with the chargers that came with them.Overall very happy with my purchase!!!I wanted to add an update, my schoolwork is online and I did find a way around the adobe flash problem so that I can access all of my school assignments and take tests from my iPad. It's like a Firefox app, at least it syncs with Firefox, but it is called mercury. No flash problems =)
tablet|After playing around with it, I have to agree with previous reviews. The only thing I would add is the fact that store managers pointed out to me that the only way to do webcam is using Facetime. This is not true at all. I downloaded the yahoo messenger app and was able to do webcam with yahoo users on Windows PCs. For Ebook readers it is an awesome device. It has all the features of a Nook and if you turn the Ipad sideways (landscape) it will show both side of the pages as if you were reading a real book. I also like the graphics on the way the pages flip.
tablet|It's an iPad! The tablet that all other tablets are measured against.Yes Apple has released the new iPad (or what the rest of us call the iPad 3). Apple Marketing, please think about your naming conventions in the future! But I still love my iPad 2!I use my iPad 2 just about every day. I mainly use it for reading email when I don't feel like pulling out the Macbook Pro. I also use it as an eReader (Amazon, Nook, Safari Books online, MacTech magazine, iBooks, etc). No it's not the retina display. But if you can't afford the retina display this is the next best thing. I can read this one just fine, so no upgrading for me.I didn't choose one with a data plan (would have been 3G when I bought this - last year), but I don't find that I need one. One hint on the data: If you can find a decent mifi data plan then you can just get the wifi version of the iPad and be done with it. Even so, I find wifi hotspots all over the place (including my house of course, which is where I use it a lot).The camera is ok, but I use my iPhone for pics, so I really don't care. They could have substituted the camera for some other feature and I would have been just as happy.It is an awesome game platform as it gives you more space to play with. It also works great with the Apple TV and streaming audio.Yes, Android tablets are catching up, but they still aren't there yet. They don't have the price point of an iPad nor the consistency of the user experience.The iPad is also a durable product: I have dropped mine, and only had small cracks appear on the bezel, with no affect on performance whatsoever. Still I recommend some kind of case. The smart cover is good, but doesn't protect the back. I'm still looking for my ultimate case.I have made it through an entire plane ride (cross-country 6 hr trip) without running down the battery completely.Looking for the best Tablet experience, don't want to have to figure out some convoluted interface? Buy the iPad.
tablet|I have a quick question, why are all the Ipads still so expensive while you can buy them new from the apple store for only $400? here they cost like $450 new. and used like $400, for the Ipad2 at least
tablet|My wife just bought an iPad 2 and I had the Transformer Prime (Android Platform). I have researched for quite a long time before I bought my Prime (since returned) and actually had THREE Android tablets that all just did not cut it for me. If you are on a lower budget, than certainly there are MANY Android tablets out there. If you have the funds, I highly recommend the Apple iPad 2 as it is about the the best "overall" tablet out there. Whether you like Apple or Steve Jobs history or politics, the iPad 2 really is a quality machine. Nothing is perfect, and nothing will please everybody, but in comparing devices, I now have the experience with both platforms and will pick iPad as the best of the two. For the average user, that being the non-technical, non-programmer type, and the person NOT looking for a tablet to replace a PC or laptop, the iPad 2 is a wonder. Yes, it sure has different operating system and is "closed" compared to Android. Yes, it does not support Java or Flash, but these are small issues. If you MUST have Java or Flash, or "hate" Apple, then no matter what anybody says, you will not like any reviews of the iPad 2. If you are a regular "Joe" or "Janet", then read carefully all of the reviews and see that the iPad is a great unit if you can afford the extra dollars. In a few weeks, the iPad 3 is likely announced and the prices for the remaining iPad 2's will likely decreases. When that happens grab one immediately. Of course, if you have the money, might want to consider the iPad 3. People seem to get personal about an Apple product, either love them or hate them. I have no bias, I own an Android Phone and will likely keep it. I own an Ipod Touch and will probably keep it. Since I have an Ipod and have had one for years (since they came out) I am familiar with iTunes and the iTunes Store. If you are one of these people, you will find the interface of the iPad 2 familiar to you. Almost every application I used on the iPad 2 (my wifes) as compared to the Android devices was better. Yahoo and SKYPE Video chat was far superior. I did not use the camera on the iPad 2, but then again, a camera on a tablet is of NO importance to me. Ease of use and quality are, and I choose (now) the iPad 2. I simply like the Apple OS on a tablet better than Android. A huge difference I found with the iPad 2 over Android, is that with the default Android Sync program, I could not SEND an email from my exchange. I could RECEIVE only. After finding this out, and searching online, it is common issue and you need to download a third party SYNC program to accomplish this. The iPad 2 works flawlessly out of the box sending and receiving exchange emails. I almost bought an iPad 2 in the beginning, and after three different Android units, am certainly going to purchase the iPad (2 or 3). Things might just work out better anyway now, that a new iPad will be announced shortly.*****update: I did purchase an iPad 2 on March 7 after the price was lowered by $100. I can safely state again that this is a fabulous device and I highly recommend. If you want a quality built tablet that can do pretty much all you would need, see if you can pick up an iPad 2 32 or 64 gb one before they are all gone.
tablet|I love it but it has some annoying downfalls. These include the lack of Flash Player and the limited ability to print. The lack of Flash is really a problem because there are still many sites that use Flash technology. Really, really annoying.Although printing is only possible with a select few Canon printers, I am not going out of my way to purchase a Canon printer just so I can print from my iPad.The GOOD stuff:The really great thing about this device is when you turn it on, Bam! It's on. No wait time, no boot up time.iPad vs Kindle.Initially I bought the iPad as an e-reader because the experience is much superior when compared to the Kindle. The touch screen is much more book like, turning pages with your finger is much more intuitive than pushing a button. The scrubber at the bottom of the page so you can slide to any page, where as the Kindle you have to push a button or use the "go to" function and type in the desired page. iPad lets you know what page and chapter name you're on rather than just a percent, the Kindle gives no chapter name or page number. Every issue the Kindle has is addressed with the iPad. The color screen is much better than the Kindle e-ink screen.***********************3G and GPS Chip.I am very glad I have these options. When ever you want access the internet in remote areas via 3G, just go the "settings", cellular data and log in and turn on that option. So for the next 30 days at $15 you have internet access.The GPS chip is included with the 3G. There are GPS apps for free, Waze and Motion X GPS Drive for purchase. With the 3G option you need to turn on the Cellular Data in order for the GPS to work.Waze app is free and is pretty accurate but it did give me incorrect directions but it can only get better since the information is user generated. Just driving around with Waze turned on generates information for other drivers. It has voice guidance but does not give specific street names. It is good in showing road conditions, traffic, hazards, etc....Motion X Drive app is 99 cents and just as good or better than Garmin. It has many options and gives two different female voices for guidance, nothing really sexy. It also states the street names but must be purchased for either $3 for 30 days or $20 for one year. It also gives road conditions but Waze probably does a better job.***********************FaceTimeThe Jetsons technology is here. Works well enough but video can be a little choppy at times however I can't complain about the FREE video phone calls.
tablet|First, let me explain the 4 stars instead of five. I find the ipad too heavy to hold when reading. Perhaps that can't be helped. It certainly is not heavy in the real sense of the word. It's easy to carry with you anywhere. But to hold it upright for long periods like you do the Kindle is not what it was made for. So, I read my books on the Kindle.That aside, I used to think the iPad was an expensive toy. I was wrong. I use it for my business and investments and have yet to play a game on it. I get streaming quotes and financial news and instant updates. Apple has so many apps that you'll find exactly what you want. I have lots of fitness and exercise apps that help me keep my health in check.Lots of people have written in-depth reviews on the iPad and I'm not going to try and do the same thing. I merely want to say that this is a powerful device that can put power in your hands and add a lot to your business and personal life.Apple support is decent but you can't get refunds for apps you don't like or that don't work for you. That's a major con and very much unlike Amazon. Also, Apple's site --- iTunes --- is hard to navigate. But those are the only cons I've found thus far.A word of advice: While 16gb is a considerable amount of space for books, etc, you may regret not getting more memory. I do. Just the apps alone (if you buy a lot of them as I did and most people do) take up lots of space. And video uses lots of memory. I didn't think I'd keep many videos on my iPad but I do. I'm now using about three-forths of my memory and I've only had the device about a month or less. I can assure you that next time I'll spend a bit more and buy more memory and you might want to consider that as well.Highly recommended.- Susanna K. Hutcheson
tablet|After being tempted to buy a tablet for many months, when Apple introduced its new generation iPad and, at the same time, dropped the price of the earlier version, the iPad2 by $100 across-the-board, I jettisoned the thoughts about buying a relatively inexpensive Android device with a 7-8" screen and bought the basic iPad2 with the minimal 16GB and WiFi only. Initially thinking that I was buying a new toy, a `novelty', I soon discovered that the iPad2 is much more than that. I use it for dozens of things I never imagined using one for and have become quite attached to it, especially when travelling or just sitting in my favorite easy chair at home.A great deal has been written about the technology and capacities of the iPads, so I will not waste your time reiterating them here. Suffice it to say that this one is the most basic model available. It requires a WiFi connection to operate and its total storage capacity is what seems like a `mere' 16GBs. My focus here is more on my personal experience with my first tablet. I am glad that I waited for the iPad.Being a 65 year old man, my are no longer nimble enough to manage the tiny keys on a Smart Phone nor is my vision acute enough to read things easily on a 3" screen. On the iPad, however, with its 9.7" screen and keypad that is entirely adequate, I have become quickly facile.The limited memory is entirely adequate as I do not download and keep movies and am not an accumulator of music. The memory is needed to manage the necessary receiving elements of the various applications (Apps) that I choose to install the capacities for. Many are free, a lot of them cost between 99 cents and $3.99 and some cost more. The most expensive one I have is called "Pages" and is a comprehensive word processing and office management suite. Compared to the prices of `installable' programs, this is remarkable cheap. Some of my favorite apps are free, like voice recording capacities and "GoSkyWatch", an App that looks at the night sky through the out-facing camera and shows what constellations are there. It is like having my own telescope.The 20-30 Apps I currently have installed have used about 2GBs of the total available hard drive. I don't expect to run out. The exclusive use of WiFi vs. 3G has a pro and con to it. In the Pro column, WiFi is pretty universally available in most places and it requires no paid data plan to access the internet and use all of the iPad's features. On the Con side of the ledger, the device is usable ONLY where there is a WiFi connection available. With 3G and a data-plan, the iPad can connect from anywhere you can access a signal for your cell phone.At this time, for my own purposes, this basic iPad2 has been a rather surprising delight. I understand that the camera resolution on the third generation iPad is far superior, but what I see on this iPad2 is perfectly adequate for me - and, I expect, for most other people as well.The price is right and the product is truly outstanding.
tablet|I bought the original iPad on "day 1", and have really enjoyed it for over a year now. When iPad 2 came out, I thought it was a nice evolutionary step, but not enough for me to upgrade.However, the seemingly small changes do turn out to make a difference. For example, one of my favorite uses of the original iPad was to read various newspapers and blogs while having breakfast. That worked pretty well, but the limited memory of the original iPad caused web-pages to rarely be cached: Following a link and then hitting the "back" button felt a bit sluggish. With iPad 2, this scenario works a lot better. Similarly, FaceTime and video Skype support were attractive to me, but I figured that having an iPhone 4 already would largely mitigate the advantage of having the feature also on iPad. Well, the larger size of iPad 2 makes it much more natural to have my daughter join alongside of me in a conversation with overseas family members. The small weight and dimension differences also have a disproportional effect. My kids use a drawing app that also seems to benefit from the added hardware capabilities (memory-bound, I think) and GarageBand is even more impressive on iPad 2 than its already remarkable power on my original iPad.I had a chance to try some other tablets (Xoom, 7" Samsung, and Nook color), but at this time they're far behind iPad in just about every respect (the Nook color's low weight is nice though). The Xoom's screen has odd dimension when web-browsing or reading (it's nice when watching certain movies, but the experience improvement is small compared to the the reduced experience for most other applications, including non-wide-format videos). The smaller Samsung device indeed feels quite small, and, like the Xoom, it's missing nice applications in just about every major category. Nook color is the least of all these alternatives, but perhaps the most attractive considering its lower price and light weight.
tablet|To start things off, I have both the iPad and iPad 2. I agree with most of the reviews stating "If you own the first one, you can skip the 2nd". The iPad 2 is faster but the iPad 1 is still pretty darn fast. The only only reason why I bought the iPad 2 was for the front facing camera which is pretty cool.For the gamers I downloaded Deadspace, which is designed to take advantage of the iPad 2's enhanced graphics. I have to say it's a good looking game and should start to scare Microsoft and Playstation since Apple is starting to further encroach on the gaming market. I wouldnt be surprised if the next gen iPad is up there with ps3 and xbox 360. The only thing really holding the iPad back gaming wise is the lack of a bluetooth controller, I hate using the screen as a controller!If you don't own an iPad I definitely recommend you buy one, it's pretty amazing :P. Apple has been a game changer for computers and phones for a reason.
tablet|I purchased this item for my wife for our anniversary. I had spend the last several months listening to her complain because her netbook kept locking up while she was using it. So I gave this a try. The price was good, the best that I could find on Amazon, but a little higher than what I found at the Apple Store. But the item was more available than at the Apple Store. I ordered on a Thursday, received two emails making sure that I understood the shipping process, and then it was shipped. I had the Ipad 2 in four days from the date of the last email, which was seven days after the order. Needless to say, it was a big surprise for my wife. She loves it. It is easy to use! The apps load quickly, and are readily available. Since receiving this gift my wife has started using her Ipad 2 everyday. Unlike the netbook which was being used a couple of times per week. A great buy, the delivery was quick and the item works like a charm. We are very pleased with this purchase, thank you Amazon!
tablet|It was with sadness that I returned it - felt like I was returning the Future. But here's why:1) It was too heavy for me to rest comfortably on lap while lying down.2) I had to purchase GoodReader to see if that would work for the main reason I wanted an ipad2 (to dowload and read academic pdfs from a certain website and zip files from another speciality website). I should have done this to see if it was compatable, but by the time I figured this out I had already invested so much time getting this to work right and had had enuf.3) Similarly, i would have to purchase a stylus to see if I could find one that worked for me. I'm used to using wrist movments and finger movements to work for long periods of time - not upper arm movements - so I would have to use a stylus. was not prepared cause I thought my styluses I already have would work on the IPAD4) Worst onscreen keyboard I have ever used. You have to hit a seperate key to make numbers and symbols like @ appear, and then hit the key again to return to letters. Perhaps i'd get used to this, perhaps not. so for, not.5) Similarly, if you can't touch type with the keyboard (you can't, I tried) then why space them out so far from one another? or why not let it be modifyable depending on the needs of the user?6) in the app store the print is too tiny. Much to my surprise, I could not expand it in the usual way. I did not bother to see if there was another way to expand it7) there's something dizzying about the way it switches between screens.8) Apple's official position is that they will not support WIFI conncections that use the older WEP security. Their only advice is to upgrade to WPA which they are happy to help you with excpet they don't care about the problem that then my older two devices would not be able to connect...So if have intermittant trouple with wifi because of WEP, don't count on Apples help. It took me ages to access some firmware to upgrade, only to find that i can't use WPA.9)In the store, the Ipad I tried got so dim as to be practically black. that's what I want for the dim lighting i use it in. My unit does not get as dim as that one. It's probably ok though.10) The final straw was an irrational one I guess...I decided to take a break from figuring things out and watch some stuff from NBC. I had not realized NBC does not support IPAD. the shows are on hulu but why shyould I pay 8 bucks a month when I can watch for free on my laptop. Other people have commented that they are going to start watching more ABC. I would rather find a table that lets me watch what I want.11)and ok, one more, i would also like to upload files to a speciality website, but didn't check to see if there's an app for that...12) I hate all the going thru ITUNES, a behmoth that now sits on my laptop, though i'd probably get used to this.Overall, Apple is really great at creating problems and then offering to sell you an App for that (no usb, no Word, no excel, can't upload or download files etc.). This is great if your main purpose is to show things to people. Big screen and without a cumbersome keyboard in the way.I might try and IPOD touch. same idea, but lighter. so now i'd still have to get goodreader and try again...
tablet|If you buy from Apple, the 3G is either $15 or $25 per month as the SIM is included, but if you buy the ipad with 3G from anyone else, you must go get the microSIM card from either ATT or Verizon depending on what model ipad you purchased. When I went to ATT for my SIM I had to get a phone number account and it will cost $31 a month due to little things they add on. That is $72 a year which is a lot of money to me. Boy do I feel stupid?
tablet|
tablet|There's no question the iPad is an amazing device. Life is better now that I own one. With all the hype about it though I really expected it to be slightly better than it is. It's hard to rate this exactly 3 or 4 stars so I'd rank it closer to four. Below summarizes why.PROs:It's amazingly fast.Amazing battery life and the exact battery remaining percentage icon is a great feature instead of the usual cellphone-like icon showing a quarter, half, etc. Battery life is really one of the best things about it.It turns on instantly and is ready for anything. Shuts down and sleeps just as quick. You almost never have to shut it down to undo a lockup. Notice I said "almost".Loads websites fast, and almost all apps work problem-free.Tons of content available, much of it free or just $.99Built well and damn-near bulletproof case. It looks sleek and you don't want to put it down once you start using it.It's lightweight and I don't notice it getting hot. So much more pleasant to use on the couch than a laptop. If you haven't spent an evening browsing the net from your couch with the iPad, you don't know what you're missing.CONs:Sadly the cons are quite significant in my mind. Doesn't mean I'm taking it back but kind of amazing that Apple didn't address this with the ipad2. First, the lack of flash support on the iPad is HIGHLY ANNOYING. I cannot overstate this. I have read many reviews and talked to enough fan-boys that tell me flash is outdated and isn't going to be used much longer, HTML 5 will replace it, on and on. To that I say YEAH RIGHT. Flash is everywhere. Many major corporations and product companies use flash on their sites. If you cant run it, you WILL miss out on content. I had no idea how big this was until i got an ipad.If you use amazon you need flash. Otherwise forget watching any product videos. To have to move to a desktop because my tablet won't do flash is unacceptable. I have heard that apple chose not to allow it due to battery life issues, but this doesn't seem like a valid enough point. It's probably more than this: political between adobe and apple. Here's a newsFLASH: how about just giving us the option to turn flash browsing off if battery life is the real reason? Maybe I'd rather have four hrs of battery life and be able to watch video than have 10 hrs of battery. This is the most glaring problem with the iPad and if you are in the market for a tablet, do your comparison shopping and check the android tablets before you decide. Wish I had. This is a problem I encounter almost every day.Lack of a back button-there is not always a way to 'back out' of an application on the ipad as there is with other tablets, again namely the android tablets. Sometimes you get knee deep in an application and hit a wall, the only way out is to hit the home bezel button which means you have to close and start the app over. With other tablets you just go back one step. Not a huge annoyance, but annoying nonetheless and probably happens every other day or so.Text ain't that sharp-I thought for sure owning an iPad I'd have razor sharp text just like the razor sharp graphics on the rest of the unit. Not so. Text is just 'ok'. I just find myself having to blow things up sometime to view them clearly, and I have good vision. This may be a little knit picky... Text is fairly sharp as you enlarge and stretch content. I have read some other reviews touting sharper text on competing tablets though.Safari ain't that great either-safari is extremely limited and again apple won't let you have Firefox for the iPad. Basically I think safari provides a far less pleasing browsing experience. My main gripe is that safari will not 'wordwrap'. This means when you zoom in on a web pages the article will stroll horizontally which means extra work to have to read it. (Your home computer will wrap the text automatically, meaning the article or web page way get longer in length, but stays only one screen length in width.... This makes for an easier reading experience).If you do lots of reading online this can get tiring constantly having to scroll horizontally as well as vertically without word wrap. This isn't a problem on the kindle fire and android phones, I presume it isn't a problem on their tablets, either.The war against Google-it's no secret apple and Google will one day be even more of direct competitors than they are now, and I find that gmail sometimes just will not open on the iPad. It hangs up and locks up the unit, and I mean LOCKS UP the unit rendering the rest of safari useless until I can get it to calm down and close out. I have no idea why but gmail is the only website that gives me a problem in safari. It's annoying and I feel unnecessary. it's not my Internet and not my WiFi either because it works on every other computer and device in the house. There is a gmail app, but I share the tablet with other people and kids and I want my email access separately in a browser. Sadly gmail and the iPad don't mix and that sucks.SUMMARY:Despite the gripes above the iPad is still a marvelous machine, albeit not perfect. It's loads better than using a laptop for daily surf and email. You probably won't regret buying one, and if you do the high resale value means you'll have not problem unloading it. If you are a Google or android user, you do owe it to yourself to check out the android tablets side by side before making a purchase. I can tell you for sure that for browsing the net and reading articles, Google's android built in browser is loads better than safari. I think the iPad had been incorrectly assumed as being vastly superior because it's apple, but it has some major flaws.However even with those it is still as a whole a superb machine. It's an amazing piece of technology and far superior for web browsing than a computer or laptop. Just a personal tip--if you're on the fence about what color to get, go with white. Black is cool too, but white will stay looking cleaner (black shows every fingerprint) and will not show little nicks and scratches on the case like black will.Thanks for reading.
tablet|I originally bought a first-gen iPad 3G, and was--eventually--very happy with it. I was a little disappointed with it at first, since it wasn't "magic" and didn't really live up to the hype. But I used it for reading books and watching movies, and slowly found myself using it for more and more things, until eventually it replaced my laptop (which, with my netbook, now sits collecting dust most of the time). Between my iPad and my desktop computer, they cover just about everything I need or want a computer for. As a result, I can't see myself buying another laptop, ever. (Or perhaps I will buy one some day as a more mobile replacement for my desktop.)When Apple brought out the "retina" iPad, they also dropped the price on the iPad 2, and I bought an Apple-refurbished iPad 2 as an upgrade for my first-gen iPad. But this time, I stuck with wifi-only, since the AT&T 3G was (and is) marginal in my neighborhood, and went with the bottom-end 16GB version because I had never used more than 12 GB of storage on the original iPad.For three-fifty plus tax and free shipping, the refurb iPad 2 is a ridiculously good deal. Apple replaces the battery and metal shell--the parts most likely to be damaged or worn out--when they refurbish iPads. I honestly can't tell that mine is a refurb. It looks and acts like it is brand new.The iPad 2 is significantly faster than the original, which I notice mostly while browsing the web, but also with some games. It's lighter, and the battery lasts almost as long. Apple keeps adding features to iOS, so the iPad continues to become more useful. (Thank you, Google, for keeping Apple on their toes.)I look forward to upgrading to a refurbished "retina" iPad when Apple brings out the next generation. But for now, the iPad 2 is terrific.
tablet|So I got my iPad 2 the first Friday of summer 2011, and have been loving it ever since. I use it for school (I'm practically paperless) and for entertainment. I got the 32 gigabyte model because I store a lot of apps, music, and pictures (from memebase, damn memebase.) With out further ado, here is my full review.Hardware: the hardware for the iPad is great. The aluminum body is sleek, strong, and stylish. I feel very confident in the Apple build quality to withstand most of the things I do. The plastic on the iPad is very little, and still strong. It has your usual 30 pin port on the bottom, which is huge and I don't see why they don't make a smaller one. If you liked charging your iDevice with your computer, tough luck. Only a new MacBook Pro or a new iMac can charge the iPad 2. I have neither. All in all, I give the hardware an A+.Cases: A case is needed, however. My case is leather, and I got it for the magnetic closure, but for my use, it just isn't sturdy enough. Right now. I'm using rooCASE Dual Station Premium Leather (Magenta) Case Cover with Stand for Apple iPad 2 / iPad 3 / The new iPad in red; I couldn't find the red one in the product link section. With out a case or with a poor case, the corners will get pretty scuffed up and ugly. Also, on mine, the black plastic color part is kind of peeling. It's not that bad, though. Mind you that i'm a student, so I might do more things than you do. I recommend you get the Speck Products CandyShell Wrap for iPad 2 - DarkLord Black (SPK-A0418). I just ordered it from Amazon $20 cheaper than from the Speck site.iOS 5: I am at iOS 5.0.1, and for some reason, my iPad won't let me upgrade to 5.1. There isn't a huge difference, so don't feel like you are missing out. The iOS is great. Everything is smooth, and the Internet browsing is great with the tabs. You can even split the keyboard in two and type with your thumbs, which is,neat, but not useful until you really learn how to use it. iCloud is also great. Every app I download on my iPhone gets downloaded on my iPad, and vice versa. Really useful. Still no freaking flash, though. There is an app you can download called Photon flash web browser, which lets you run flash programs. Really great for watching FLASH videos, if you know what I mean. I HAD TO! I HAD TO! I'm sorry. That was the dumbest thing ever, but you get what I mean. I rate the OS an A-Battery: I love the battery life, and at school, if I don't use it a lot, I can use it for another day. It has by far the best battery life of any LCD screen device I have. 'nuff said, A+Speed: the iPad is super quick with its A5 processor, running apps like a charm and browsing the Internet sometimes faster than my laptop. Hell. It is probably is faster than my laptop. If you want something fast, it's definitely something to consider. A+Weight: not too heavy, but not too light either. Feels perfect. It fits in my booksack, so it's good for me. AOne thing that makes me rate it 4 stars is the AirPrint or whatever Apple calls it. (my iPad recognized the word and spellchecked it, so I think I that's right) It's complete crap. There are only a select few printers that it can print to, and you have to jailbreak if you want otherwise. It's so dumb, and I print things a lot. I truly hate it. I am soon going to buy the network printing app on Cydia, so that will soon be gone, but still. Bad choice, Apple.All in all, I rate the iPad 2 an A. If you want to save some money, buy the iPad 2 instead of the new iPad, but if it's your starting model and you don't care about the price, go with the Apple iPad MD328LL/A (16GB, Wi-Fi, White) NEWEST MODEL. The only reason to but this one is if you are price-conscious and the new iPad is too much for you. The iPad 2 is still great,but the display on the new one and the better proccessor make it a better buy.
tablet|I've been using the iPad 2 for about 8 months after using the first generation iPad for a year. The iPad 2 is sleeker, much thinner and lighter. These are big differences if you plan on doing a lot of reading on the device and need to hold it for extended periods of time. The camera is a nice-to-have addition. The iPhone 4 has a better camera and is easier to use when taking pictures - the iPad is a bit bulky to use as a camera. Also, for me, cellular connectivity is a must since I travel frequently and can't always rely on a WiFi signal. Cellular data plans are about $25/month, so if you don't need it, you can save a fair bit of money. I might still recommend getting the device with the cellular antenna - you can enable it when you need it and cancel data plans when you don't. Lastly, the question of white or black face... while white is a new option with iPad 2, I actually find the black frame preferable, especially when viewing video content.
tablet|Woman falls in love with a machine. Sounds like the starting line of a trailer for a science fiction movie? Nope... sounds like REAL life! Sounds like I bought myself an Apple iPad 2 MC774LL/A Tablet (32GB, Wifi + AT&T 3G), and have fallen head over heels for it! How did I EVER do without it? This thing is amazing! I keep finding out more and more with each passing day, and falling deeper and deeper! Amazon shipped it very quickly, and made me very happy. Easy purchase and no hassles! Thanks, Amazon! Thanks, Apple! Oh, I just sound like a woman in love! *smile*
tablet|This was my first Apple purchase. I wasn't quite certain what I would use it for, I just knew that I wanted one. Absurd to spend $500? No way. I love it! I start my day and end my day with my ipad in my hand. Anything you want to do - they have an app for that. I love the instant on, 10 hour battery, and the portability. The US Today App is my favorite news source. Weather plus keeps me completely ready for whatever weather is coming my way. Flixter keeps me informed about upcoming movies and DVD releases. Realtor.com is helping me find my dream house. Do I need it? No. Do I love it? YES!
tablet|Let me start out by saying, I am neither a Apple Fanboy, nor a pro-Windows person. I have a Windows phone paired with a Mac computer. So, I generally buy products based on the product rather than the company. At first, I was completely against getting an iPad, since I figured that my Mac could do anything that my phone couldn't. I broke down my favorite aspects and least favorite aspects of the iPad 2 (not software, but hardware):Favorites:1) The weight distribution of the tablet: It doesn't seem to be too heavy, or too light (as in cheap).2) Materials: I was leaning more toward a Android tablet, but the materials that went into those felt so cheap to me. The iPad 2 has a great aluminum feel to the back, with a glossy front. I miss the Gorilla Glass of my Samsung phones though, since I never needed a screen protector.3) Everything just works: If you have ever had an Android phone, you understand what I mean. Occasionally, the Android OS just freezes, or crashes (at least on my previous phone). When you press the home button, there is no lag. This has more to do with the software of the iPad (iOS 5). True, it is more of a restricted OS than the Android OS, but its a sacrifice I was willing to make.4) The prestige that comes with an iPad: This may sound shallow, but I didn't not want to have to defend my position of getting an Android tablet over an iPad. This holds its value long into the future, verses lesser known Android tablets.5) Clean lines: A minimalistic design. Clean cut, very stylish.Least Favorite:1) True, the iPad is very balanced, but it does get heavy when reading after awhile. If you are looking for an ereader and won't be going into the features of the iPad, then don't buy it. Buy the Kindle Fire or another device.2) Every accessory seems to be (excluding a few of course) very expensive. If you want a good deal, you have to be willing to hunt for awhile, buy used, or pony up the extra money to buy the protective case, or screen protector, etc.3) I still feel nervous carrying it around with me. Its a double edge sword... yes, I love the prestige that comes with the ipad, but so do the thieves.Overall, this review isn't going to make someone who doesn't want one, buy an iPad. What I must say is: if you have never used an iPad, don't hate on iPad owners. After using this for awhile, I can't understand my hesitation at first to buy one, or why I waited so long.Advice: rumors are swirling about the next iPad (claims to be iPad 3). Do your research on the rumors or wait, so that you can buy the most up to date out there.
tablet|I ordered a white 64GB WiFi with tan leather cover the first day it was available so I've had it for about 3 months. Now I hardly use my iPod Touch 4 since the keyboard is so much bigger and easier to use. I use it mostly at work on the WiFi network to access sites that are blocked on the company's PC network, for example email accounts I have. At home I love playing the games, using it with my Apple TV to play music and video.THE COOL:The iPad2 is wicked fast.Apps are awesome. So many cool games. Adrenal Golf, War Pinball, Plants vs. ZombiesApps that use GPS are cool. 4 square, Yelp, Google mapsApps for video chat, Skype and FaceTime is way cool. I chat with my friend who has an iPad2 300 miles away over our WiFi networks and the performance is near flawless. He called me on FaceTime from a train station in Beijing and from a Starbucks in China. Truly amazing.Apps for social networking. Facebook, 4 square, twitter, Flipboard is way coolApps for news, Fox, CNN, Free video from Crackle, Netflix if you have itAir Video is way cool - you can play movies in different formats to your HDTV using Apple TV or the HDMI adapter.Dlink has a security app that allows me to view a webcam in my house from anywhere I have Internet.Textfree for iPad for texting.NOT SO COOL:The smart cover with magnets is cool but it's a bit awkward and takes a bit getting used to.The back camera is very low resolution but what are you going to do use an iPad to take photos?The speaker isn't that great. I bought some SoundMatters little speakers which are pretty cool.Overall I'd highly recommend it.
tablet|So I held off getting an iPad until the 2nd generation - why? Because by the time I realized it was more than a 'silly' toy everyone was talking about the 2nd generation.I am VERY glad I did and here's why:1. The 2nd generation is much faster than the original.2. The design, while very similar is more sleek and lighter.3. The cameras are a great addition.Video Skype works great on this tablet - the cameras make showing people things FAR simpler due to the front and back placement.Convenience - I take this to class and with the addition of a bluetooth keyboard I am able to easily take notes in class while carrying FAR less than my laptop in weight.- The battery life is excellent! This thing can go for two days without a recharge! And that's with fairly heavy usage (try that with a laptop!)- The app store is getting better all the time - there are plenty of applications that make using this extremely convenient without having to take the laptop around (it weighs around 1/5 that of my laptop)- even if you bring the charger - it's far less bulky than the laptop charger.This really is the future of mobile computing. The touchscreen is extremely responsive, the machine is very fast - wifi works extremely well.The majority of my iphone apps work on this tablet.The only issue I have is the reflective screen - I am not a fan of the reflective screen and have ordered a matte screen protector - not because I feel it needs protecting, but because I want to be able to read in various lighting conditions.If you waited the first time - wait no longer - very much worth it in my mind.
tablet|I have been a hold out for several years now. I would tell people "I have an iPhone so why get just a bigger version?" My wife wanted to get an e-reader so I decided to put my money where my mouth was and buy a couple of iPads for us. Hers would likely be a casual use device but I was going to try to use mine for business moving to a paperless work style (attempt #1,324 over the course of 12 years of different devices).Initial review was good... liked the device feel, weight, etc. Clearly it looked nice. I was offended at the cost of covers and accessories but I had somewhat gotten over that shock with the iPhone so it wasn't a new shock :) I felt that a lot of the app makers did a good job with their iPhone/iPad combined apps but it does suck to have to buy a separate app for those that don't have the combined versions. But, overall a nice design and fun product to use.But, there's a big but here, it's too fragile and no recourse from an accident. Like many others before me I broke mine. Total bone-head move on my part, not at all an Apple fault in my situation, but if you spend some time reviewing forums you'll see the advice I failed to read. The device is incredibly fragile so even simple (aka not bone-headed) slips, drops, and bumps will leave you with a busted screen. With no attractive means of recourse. One would think that any product with a propensity for a major functional piece to break there would be a repair option. Not the case with Apple. Probably part of the business plan to be honest. I tried to find out my options and costs (secretly hoping for a free replacement like others have touted) but two different stores told me 1) not repairable by anyone; 2) any signs or attempt at repair void warranty; and 3) only option is a "courtesy" replacement for $270 (16mb wifi version). No option for repair internally at Apple, let alone an option more reasonable than spending another $300. I checked and the local repair place quoted about $185 plus tax and the parts I found online looked to run about $150+. For a glass screen!Apple has a unique luxury in that they have a large client base that feels Apple can do no wrong. An Apple "genius" could swing by the house at Thanksgiving and slap the loyalists grandmother and Apple would still be held up on a pedestal - the turkey was dry after-all. So they don't bat an eye if iTunes misbehaves (the user shouldn't have tried to sync contacts), or if they try to connect with Outlook (the user shouldn't consider another product not made by Apple), or consider a good product would have given repair considerations to a critical yet fragile component. The Apple flock is a great thing to have for a business.So anyway, I would say the iPad is a great device. It'd be better if the screen were more widget based like the android options, but it's snazzy, quick, and a joy to use. But, leave it sitting alone on the desk and protect it with your life if you buy it. Otherwise buy an android option for half the price and if you could bust it three times and still be less expensive than the Apple will arguably as good of performance.
tablet|This Christmas I got a Kindle Fire for my wife, thinking it was simple and easy to use for a non-techie. When it arrived, my plan was to set it up to spare her the trouble. I had it working within 3 minutes. It worked easily out of the box. It is shockingly fast. She loves it and I do too. It does a lot more than just eBooks.In turn, she got me an iPad, since I like tech toys and have been a long-time Apple and iTunes user. I worked for hours to get the iPad to do simple things like synch my music with no luck.Apple is now so intent on push marketing, like the Genius function in iTunes, that it interferes with basic functionality.I also couldn't get it to connect to my MobileMe account- apparently Apple sets up new iPads up so you cannot access MobileMe even if you have an account.The "Genius Bar" at the local Apple Store in Reston - which has traditionally been a good resource the few times I needed it - could not help and was manned by people who didn't care and who knew less about the software and devices than I did. They were also rude to my daughter on a visit. So I went with her the next time and got the same poor treatment and not a single problem on my list fixed.Apple is having a lot of success, but I'm concerned they may also be getting arrogant.If you are considering an iPad - beware it may be a time-sink. Depending on what you want to do, a Kindle may be a better choice.
tablet|I have the ipad 4 now and I have had all of the other I pads except the first generation. I am a gadget girl who luvs Apple products. Honestly speaking, there is such a small difference between the 2nd and 4th generation ipads its not worth the upgrade. If you wear glasses and/or have trouble with blurriness and stuff then by all means upgrade to the 3, but the 4th generation is not even a noticeable difference. It does have a faster processor but not Samsung fast, so if given the choice go with the 2nd generation if its a lot cheaper than 3rd generation. If the 2nd and 3rd are close in price go for the 3rd generation.To sum it up1st generation- good for a kid2nd generation- good if you can get it for a lot less than the 3rd generation.3rd generation- good for people who can use every bit of clearness in reading/suffer from blurriness, cant find a good deal on a 3rd generation.4th generation- if you want normal speed service, its not super fast but it is average which is good.Now if you are trying to decide between the iPad and the samsung. You cant compare Apples and oranges. apples are apples and oranges are androids. the samsung is much much much faster and allows you to use flash, but in my opinion that is all. The iPad has several things that are custom to work with iPad and don't function the same on the samsung tablet. If i couldn't have the iPad I would definitely have the samsung.The ipads, all 4 are being sold here for more than it is at the apple store. Amazon used to be my go to place for all apple products but it is a bit ridiculous that a dented,scratched and cracked ipad is being marketed for more than retail or same price as it was when it came out #GMAB maybe the price will come down after Christmas.
tablet|This is still one of the best tablets out there, slimmer than the first model, great touch response and i love the smart cover; the way that aligns and folds for typing and watching.The picture and video quality of the cameras is not that good, nothing compared with the iPhone4 or even the iPodtouch4. i really recommend that you test the camera or look at shots done with this one before you buy.Battery life is pretty good so far is lasting almost all day long with moderate use.Web experience is limited since don't support flash. The maps app is very accurate.In my experience the best apps for this tablet are those of magazines, or newspapers, etc. News and books in general look really good.
tablet|Okay, I have had this for 3 weeks now and I think I have seen enough of it to know it.This is my first Apple product, and let me start by saying YUCK! I have now started calling it crApple. All they do it market this product as if it is the best thing in the world, but it is definitely not.So why 3 stars.Pros:Yes there is some good stuff, but I do not know how unique it is to Apple. Size, weight and battery life is super. You can use it the whole day, and angry birds is seriously addictive. It remembers each network and its settings so that I do not have to manually change proxy settings everytime I move from office to another place.Cons:Everyone has said it but I'll say it again: No flash = No point! It is so annoying that you have to keep going from one applet to another to do things that you can normally do on a browser. Seriously, if you tube just decided to use flash and to remove their App I think Apple would go bankrupt.Editing stuff is impossible or as difficult as doing it on your phone, with the exception of a larger keyboard. Speaking of the keyboard I cannot for the life of me understand why apple cannot put arrow keys on it! So annoying! Yes there is a magnifier which allows you to scroll the cursor but how tedious it is!A lot of the other stuff has been mentioned in other reviews but these were teh maain points for me.Also - a note for people considering a laptop or this - buy a laptop. This is the 3rd thing you need.This is really ideal for someone who has a large heavy laptop which stays in one place and needs a lighter device to carry around for just brisk surfing, checking mail, watching some youtube and playing games (ie a bigger version of an iPhone).However, if I knew what I know now I would never have bought this thing. I would wait until google improves Android or microsoft comes up with some hardware that will kick Apple of its perch, because there is nothing like a normal windows operating system. I need flash, I need to be able to open, edit and attach my edited files to gmail through a browser. I need flash (yes I said it again). I also want to be able to download whatever software I like and run it, without it having to be a mobile App.I think what has happened is that I made the mistake of thinking that the bigger screen meant that this was a real computer, rather than just another mobile device with all its limitation. So don;t buy this if you think you are getting a real computer. It is just a bigger version of a phone, and if it is not the 3G version it is just a rich mans toy.
tablet|I received a black iPad 2 with 32 GB for my birthday from my lovely wife. It's a beautiful product, as with all other Apple products I have purcThe hased however.....the Wi-Fi capability is not so good. It works for a while and then stops working. I called Apple. They had me delete the password for my network and then put the password back in. It worked fine for a while...just as it did when I first installed it. But only for a while. I don't get it. I have a relatively new Belkin 2 wireless network on Cable and have been using it for several years. I have two laptop computers, two printers, and an iPod touch with Wi Fi. They all work just fine. I can work all day, every day on any of these devices from anywhere in my house or in my yard.But not with the iPAD 2.with the iPad 2 it works for a while and then stops working. Very frustrating.This is not only a review but a request for help if anyone knows what's going on.BELOW IS A FOLLOW-UP ON MY IPAD2:BTW IF YOU DON'T WANT TO READ ALL OF THIS, HERE IS A QUICK SUMMARY OF THE MOST IMPORTANT POINTS:1. It never worked properly on my home network or other networks I tried at Starbucks, shopping centers, etc.2. It was too big and heavy.3. To read a book on it was a problems because it was heavy and just touching a little part of the screen caused pages to flip by very fast which meant I had to search for where I was about every few minutes.4. Even though I bought a 2 years warranty, sent it in for repair and eventually got a new/used one from Apple it still never solved any of the problems.5. Apple never would do anything substantive for me...like give me my money back or give me an Apple credit. So in the end I had to sell it for what I could get - $400, which meant I lost $250+plus the accessories, apps, the Warranty etc. I had spent.I am NOT an Apple basher and I enjoy my iPods (3) we have in our family. However, I'll never buy Apple again because of their "return" "credit" etc. policy. They have really made me unhappy with this experience and I did everything I could to work with them.I got an iPad2 with 32Gig memory ($599) + a "magic cover" ($60) from Loretta for my birthday this year. The "magic cover" is magnetic. It covers and protects the screen of the iPad2 when you're not using it and turns the machine on and off by putting the cover on and off. I also bought an $80 2-year warranty service. So all in all, without tax and shipping, we spent about $720 for the thing. The short story is the iPad2 didn't work for me. It wouldn't stay connected to our network. Every time I wanted to use it I had to go through the network settup process all over again. Apple Customer Service was no help. After hours with them I sent it in for "repair." I got it back and it worked exactly the same, which is to say, it didn't work exactly as it didn't work before I sent it in. I kept asking for my money back or a credit but they kept refusing. Finally I sent it to them and they sent me a "new" (i.e. new to ME) unit. That's right, they did NOT say they would give me a new iPad2. They said they would give me a "refurbished" unit. I thought this was crappy since I'd only owned the thing for a month and had spent most of that time on the phone with their service department. Anyway, I got a "new" unit and it worked the same...i.e. it didn't work. Again, they refused to give me my money or a credit. So I finally just sold it. I got $400 for it so we lost about $350 (with shipping and tax).Besides not hooking up to our network, it was also big and heavy and no fun to sit and read books or browse the web or do any of the things I wanted it for. Reading a book, for example was a hassle. You had to hold this big heavy thing by the very edge of the "frame" because if you touched the screen anywhere it would flip through pages FAST and I spent most of my time trying to find where I left off. A real pain.Apart from all of that, the iPad2 is beautiful, has a beautiful screen and presents a beautiful, rich, colorful picture of whatever you're viewing. But not that much better than my Dell laptop.By the way, I KNOW our network works. It's the most recent Belkin WAP2 system and it works flawlessly with both of our Dell laptops, our DELL wireless color printer and our Brother wireless Laser Printer. I also had an Apple iPod Touch which worked perfectly using our same Wireless network. So it HAD to be something in the iPad2 that just didn't work. Anyway, I don't think I'll buy anything more from Apple, mainly because that even when something doesn't work right out of the box they won't give your money back or even give you a credit.What I DID buy and am very happy with, is an Amazon Kindle Latest Generation Wi Fi for $140 + $60 for a leather cover with built in reading light which actually works.The networking on the Kindle works great...just like our Dell Laptops and our printers.For more money, you can get a Kindle with not only Wi Fi but also 3G, so it will work using your phone network as well as your home network. We didn't need that feature though.The Kindle is great for reading books, magazines, newspapers, etc. You can get thousands of free books, but current books, or subscriptions to periodicals will cost you. If I was still traveling I'd get the 3G and subscribe to the NY Times but I can't read all of the news I want to (which isn't much) on my computer.What I do like, is reading books on the Kindle. You can set up your machine with the font, font size, number of words per line, etc. etc. so that everything you read is the same in terms of those features.You can shop for books at Amazon from your computer or from your Kindle using the Wi Fi or 3G system.It's black and white, but that's OK with me.It's small and light weight and very easy to use.The leather cover with built in light is a really nice feature. The light works off of the Kindle battery, which lasts about a month and charges up in less than an hour.Reading in bed, the light shines only on the Kindle page so it doesn't bother anyone else in bed with you.I've got about 100 books on my Kindle right now. All of them I got free from either Amazon or Gutenberg. When you "buy" from Gutenberg or some other free source you just download the file (in Kindle format) and email it to a special email address you get which is then on Amazon.Anytime you turn on your Kindle it automatically downloads whatever you've bought from Amazon or sent to Amazon from where you bought it.It also does audio books and works the same way with those. However, you have to plug in earphones of course, to listen.It holds 3500 books, so I've got plenty of room left.Anyway, if you're interested in an "eReader" I can recommend the Kindle over the iPad2.If you're interested in something with which to browse the web, I say, stick to a laptop.I know Apple makes some beautiful products, but I think the iPad2 is a flop for what I wanted to use it for.I think it's great for playing games on or looking at photos or maybe even watching a movie (after you've downloaded it) but I wouldn't want to try to watch a movie using "streaming" because of the networking issue.
tablet|After five months of using a 16GB iPad 2 WiFi (no 3G), I can honestly say that it is one of the most useful technology purchases I can think of. While its price may scare many people away, its usefulness can justify its price, especially when compared to other devices that perform similar tasks. Not a day has gone by in the last five months where the iPad 2 hasn't been used several times, usually by several family members.Apple would like everyone to think that the iPad is revolutionary. Skeptics and critics scoff at the idea, but I would agree that it is a revolutionary product much in the same way that the Netbook (ASUS eeePC, et al) was a revolutionary product.Both products created a new paradigm in how you look at accessing information, media, and other tasks, and once you use them, you find it difficult to go back to the traditional devices. Netbooks nearly killed laptops, but in turn are getting killed themselves by tablets. People loved the small size of netbooks, but the keyboards and displays were often too small. Compared to an iPad, a typical netbook is too clunky and too heavy. Those with the need for a keyboard need the larger keyboard that a laptop provides, and those that don't embraced tablets as quickly as they could.Using the iPad for any length of time will make you not want to use your desktop PC for browsing the web or reading E-Mail. It's much more natural to hold a tablet in your lap or place it on the table next to you while having breakfast than it is to go into the other room and use a PC to do the same. Laptops are more portable than desktop PC's, but in comparison, they are much bulkier and many laptops have horrible battery life that don't come close to the 10 hours that one can get from the iPad 2.That's not to say that desktop and laptop PC's don't have their place. They definitely do. If you're doing anything complex that requires a keyboard or a mouse, those other devices shine. However, if you're composing a normal E-Mail, browsing the web, reading news feeds, checking Facebook, or watching videos on Hulu or YouTube, the iPad does these things very well. Typing on the on-screen keyboard, especially in landscape mode, is very easy and I've gotten quite fast at doing so. The picture quality on the screen is very good; probably better than most laptop and desktop PC monitors are, and the touch interface is so natural that it doesn't require hardly any orientation to get comfortable using the interface.Browsing the web is a joy on the 10" screen. Sure, not having Flash compatibility is a pain sometimes, but Flash is one of those technologies of the past that is dwindling in popularity with the advent of HTML5, and it's in the site owner's best interests to develop versions of their sites that don't rely on Flash to do things that should have been done in other ways long before iOS devices came along. It's an occasional annoyance, but I don't consider the lack of Flash a dealbreaker in my mind. Web sites that don't work on the iPad are losing the business of the many that have iOS-based devices, and there are plenty of other sites that provide the same service that don't lean on the Flash crutch.Reading E-Mail using the built-in E-Mail app is also very good. I prefer the sidebar list of E-Mails that appears in landscope mode over the popup menu listing in portrait mode, but that's a personal preference. GMail integration is smooth, and being able to access multiple accounts makes it easy to check several mailboxes, either in one megalist or as separate accounts. The calendar app integrates with Google Calendar and the contacts from GMail are available in the Contacts list on the iPad as well. The integration with Google's various apps is very good.One of the best features of the iPad is the ecosystem that is built around the device. Apple has done a great job of supplying a major part of that by creating an AppStore with thousands of apps for just about every purpose one could think of. The iTunes store provides music, movies, and books for sale, but I prefer supplying my own music and movies, and Amazon's Kindle app / Kindle books is much more flexible and a better way to buy books in my opinion. On top of the software, the popularity of the iPad means that there are multitudes of accessories that cover the iPad, plug into the iPad, or otherwise complement the iPad in some way. No other portable device manufacturer has the 3rd party support that Apple has and that advantage shouldn't be overlooked.Speaking of accessories, I did a lot of looking at cases, and I settled on the AYL 100% Premium Genuine Slim Leather Case Folio with Magnetic Closure and 3-in-1 built-in Stand for Apple Ipad 2nd Generation Tablet (Black). It's a folio style cover that works very well in protecting the device while not adding too much bulk. I highly recommend getting some kind of case, and this one is nearly perfect.The iPad 2 costs a lot of money. That makes it out of reach of some people, so it's not a slam-dunk. However, if you compare it to the cost of a new laptop or desktop PC, it's not out of line. If you're reading E-Mail, looking at videos, and browsing the web, the iPad does these things very well. You'll still need another device that will store your digital camera photos, keep track of your finances, and do the complex tasks that a desktop/laptop can do, but you'll need that device much less once you've discovered the ease of using something like this for those everyday tasks that don't require a full-sized keyboard and full-blown Windows programs to accomplish.No other tablet device currently available on the market has come close to the capabilities and the ecosystem that the iPad enjoys. I had hopes that the ASUS Eee Pad Transformer TF101-A1 10.1-Inch Tablet Computer (Tablet Only) would take it on, but it seems hampered by software issues (trying to do too much and be too flexible can be troublesome), the Androad app market still trails the iOS app market considerably, and the number of accessories available pales in comparison.The best non-iOS device that I think has a chance of being a contender is the Kindle Fire, Full Color 7" Multi-touch Display, Wi-Fi. It has a great price point, it has Amazon standing behind it with an ecosystem that includes an AppStore, music store, video store for TV and movies, and the excellent Kindle books system, which is almost an ecosystem all by itself. I'm very interested to see how the Kindle Fire accomplishes the tasks of a tablet device and I hope that it can be a contender in the marketplace.Anyone interested in a tablet device should be looking at the major products that are available and see how those products serve their needs. While the iPad 2 is a major investment, I don't regret making the purchase. I think the iPad 2 is hard to beat!
tablet|I bought the first generation ipad and was pretty pleased with it. I must admit that I had alot more fun with the ipad 1 due to the fact that it was unlocked, so I virtually got everything free. The only problem, if you will, is that it lacked a webcam, and the ipad 2 solved that very problem! Although the webcam isn't the best out there, it gets the job done, but if you're looking for a professional resolution, prepared to be dissapointed! Ipad 2 basically does exactly the same thing as the first generation in terms of features. The only difference is the fact that it's thinner and lighter (HALLELUJAH!). I enjoyed it when it arrived, but just gotta wait for a jailbreak to enjoy its full potential, but so far has the same limitations such as no flash, glares on the screen in sunlight, not bullet proof (sarcasm intended) etc. In general the ipad is not for school, work, or anything serious of that nature (I TRIED typing a 2000-word essay, surely was not fun). Things like the ipad is just for the trend and casual uses like surfing the net, it looks cool, fun to play with, but is not gonna beat a laptop in terms of effiency and definitely not internet speed. Overall an OKAY experience, if I had a jail break I'd definitely upgrade this rating :PP
tablet|Do you remember that movie Demolition Man with Sly and Wesley Snipes? I loved that movie for all the action and, of course the story, but more for the way that the creators of the film portrayed the future. All of the self driving cars, and gadgets that no one had ever thought of.Anyway, I was watching it the other day and the police chief guy with the bald head and glasses was carrying around something that looked like a book, but it had a screen. It seemed as if the screen was a touch screen, and he was having what appeared to be a video chat with another law enforcement agent on the thing. This was an idea of a gadget that the creators of the story and movie thought they would see in the distant future, like 2020's or 2030's. An awesome portable, touch screen device that had most, if not all the functionality of a PC, but smaller than a book. It's not 2020 something, though, and I realized that I had a much better, sleeker, and if I might say more futuristic looking device that performed as described right next to me. It was the iPad2.Now, I'm no Apple fanboy. Not in the least. I grew up using Windows machines at home, and my only experience with Apple before buying my first ipod touch 4G was in the "computer lab" in elementary school. But, last June I picked up the iPod touch 4G like I said, and I was blown away. It was so easy to use. So portable, so fast. I didn't like one thing, though, and it was the fact that the damn screen was too small to really use it for all the things that you could use it for other than just music and videos, like surfing the net, or using any of the million apps available. My hands were just too big.This was a problem. I don't have a lot of money to throw around, and the next step up on the Apple mobile line was the iPad2, and the 32GB version that I wanted was around $600! Thats a lot of money. And I already had an iPod, and at least two other Windows based machines that are very fast and up to date. It just didn't make sense to really buy the thing.I just kept falling more and more in love with the iPod touch, though, and more particularly with iOS and how well it performed. Everything worked and made sense. You wanted music, you hit the music "button" on the screen. Email you say? After you set up your account you just press the mail button. Pretty simple. The touch gestures are amazing too. The responsiveness and speed at which the device reacts is amazing. And its so smooth, people. Seriously, if you haven't handled an iOS5(when I got the ipod touch it was iOS4 i think, but the update is awesome) device you owe it to yourself to try it. Its incredible.But, I was still using that super tiny screen, and I couldn't send an email because my fingers would hit like 3 keys at a time and it would take a year to type it all out correctly. Surfing the net, although super fast and smooth, was horrible because typing a web address took a long time. What was I to do? I just gave up on using the iPod for anything other than media, and the occasional youtube video. I still played games on it, but even with the games, I really wanted a bigger, brighter screen.I started to look for reasons to buy the iPad2, and I couldn't come up with any. Not for about two months, at least, until my girlfriend said she needed a laptop and didn't really have any money to buy one. Bingo. I would give her the laptop, and even though she lives with me and I can still use the thing, I'll be down a machine and it leaves an opening for me to replace it. Right? Right!Off to my local retailer(sorry amazon)I go. 30 minutes later(store is literally right down the street from me) and I'm at home, updating the operating system and transferring all of my previous purchases and then I'm up and running. I was blown away.I knew what I was getting, a much bigger version of the iPod touch 4G. And, I got exactly that, and a whole lot more. First, the screen size is a huge plus. Much bigger than the iPod touch of course, and more than big enough to handle any number of tasks or games, or whatever. The keys on the touch screen keyboard are a really good size. No missed keys here people. And my fingers aren't small. The screen is so bright, and it just begs you to touch it. Movies and videos look great, and the web and all the apps are very vivid. This thing just looked great.It was lightweight too, and very thin. Physically this thing is like a very thin composition pad. Actually, much thinner than a composition book. About the same weight, though. Overall, the dimensions and weight make this thing ultra portable.If you're at all familiar with iOS you know about the apps, and they're pretty much all great. There are quite a few that are free as well, so don't let that stop you. In fact, some of the best games and apps available are free, or are just a buck so its not that bad. They range from super useful to super fun. Everything from photo transferring(desktop/laptop to ipad without USB)to remote desktop connection, to Grand Theft Auto is available, and almost anything you can think of has an app. Need a level? You can get one on your ipad for free. Want to tweak a photo? Get photo toaster jr for free and get tweaking. The apps are a real strong point for this device, and they make up for some of short comings of the device(more on that later.The battery last forever. Ten hours is more than enough for me. Plus you get a wall charger and a usb style hook up that you can use to hook up to your car if you have the adapter. Sweet.Like I said, processing speed is very quick, and it handles everything I throw at it all day long with no problems. Videos run without clipping or lag time and apps load up and run perfectly. I never have any freezes or crashes. Awesome.I can't say enough good things about this thing. Really. I can say few bad things as well. I wouldn't say bad, but you know, not what I would want from a "perfect" device.First, there are no USB ports. This sucks. There are apps that like I said earlier will help you transfer photos and videos, and documents, but it would be better if you could just plug directly in to the device.Second, you can't charge this thing with your laptop. Or I can't. It has to be plugged into the wall. Not too bad, but it sucks if you need to charge and you have laptop full of juice but no outlet.The biggest problem I have is the price point. Honestly, this thing is worth double what they want for it in my opinion. It will redefine how you look at computing in general. It is so much more intimate. But, even with that said, I think I have the right after purchasing to complain about the price a little. Again, worth every penny, but really pricey and I had to save up for the thing, and that sucks sometimes.Other than that, go buy this thing. Seriously. And shame on you if you think you can get what this thing delivers from a Kindle. Those guys are playing a very bad game of catch up. And they're going to lose. Think Android to compete with the iphone. I've used both. Androids are horrible. Epic fail. Now Amazon wants to lose money trying to compete with a legend. Trust me, if you want mobile, go Apple. Go iPad2.
tablet|Could really like the iPad except that iTunes is totally horrible. The interface on iTunes is way too frustrating--every single time I checked a box with iTunes, it automatically unchecks itself within two seconds later. The script on iTunes doesn't even work correctly on a pc--I've tried to sync from two different PCs, and kept getting the same problems reading the script on the interface. It may work for a MAC, but it's not really designed well for a PC (and both of the PCs I tried to sync the iPad with on iTunes are about a year old...Windows 7...)Bottom line: way too frustrating an experience dealing with iTunes all around... Besides, it doesn't even look half as nice as Windows Media. (Not that I particularly care for Microsoft, either, but come on, Apple...can't you do better than Windows Media???!!!!) If it weren't for iTunes, I'd give the iPad a 5 star rating--a portable computer for under 1.5 lbs--yes!!!! But since you have to use iTunes--no way around it--I can only give this 3 stars until Apple comes up with a better solution to the iTunes problem.(In an earlier review I complained about transferring email accounts from the PC to the iPad. Well, I figured it out. It's not that hard. Unless you have Outlook, you can't transfer from your PC, but it's not that complicated to transfer directly from gmail or the imaps server at the university just as you would with Outlook express or Windows Live.)
tablet|Our son gave this iPad to my husband as a gift (a complete surprise since it is a pretty expensive gift!). My husband had just purchased a computer for me as a birthday gift coincidentally, and it had a hard drive failure the 3rd time it booted up. So we returned it and bought a second iPad 2 for me. We are completely addicted. They are so user friendly, work well, and are instant on and off (instead of waiting forever to boot up and shut down like a computer). We both absolutely love them.You iPad may not have the latest operating system on it since many have been sitting in stores waiting to be sold. If it has 4.3.5 or older, then you simply can take it to a Verizon store and have them activate it at no charge. They are an official Apple Store.If you need to update your iPad 2 to the new IOS 5 that is to be released in October 2011, then I have some tips, to possibly prevent a lot of grief. HOWEVER, you can just skip all the rest of the technical part of my review if you pay a small fee to have operating system IOS 5 downloaded onto your new iPad 2 so that it is completely independent of a regular computer and iTunes. This is a huge step that Apple has been developing for awhile now. I don't know if Verizon will do it for free, but Best Buy will do it for $29.95. If you go to Verizon, make sure the employee is quite familiar with activating the iPad, etc. Our local Verizon person acted like she knew, but when I brought it home, it wasn't activated. That's why I had to go through all this stuff so I could do it on my own computer.The current operating system as of today requires hook up to a computer that has iTunes on it. The new "IOS 5" is due to come out in the next 10-15 days, between October 10-15, 2011. Anyone who buys an iPad 2 that already has IOS 5 loaded and, also, anyone who already owns an ipad 2 who updates to this version; will be able to do everything without being dependent upon a computer and iTunes. Right now, you upload photos, your own music, and download and install updates via your computer using iTunes on a regular computer. You can load these things by emailing to your iPad from your computer where they are stored, but if you have a lot, it is easier to transfer via iTunes on your computer.My review is long and some is very technical. You can stop here if I've already given you helpful info you wanted to know. The very next section is about some apps I recommend and then after that is the very technical part that isn't necessary if you don't have a computer or want to take my suggestion and pay to have IOS 5 installed on your iPad.------Before I get on with the heavy-duty technical part that you may or may not want read, let me recommend a few apps that you can purchased inexpensively. Part of the fun is customizing your iPad with apps that you enjoy or help you with your tasks:1. A free app for the iPad is "Goodreader." This is a great app. You can view about any format of a file in this app, even Excel files. You can also make annotations with various symbols and highlighting that the program offers. You can also unzip a zip file in Goodreader. I've never done it, but you can watch a video in that app as well. It has a great folder and file management system that is easy. I believe you can even bring in files to your iPad from your computer via wi-fi or ftp. You can also save a web page for reading off line when you are not near wi-fi, such as on an airplane. I really like this program.2. If you like to use Microsoft Word and Microsoft Excel, you can get these apps, but they are $20 each. I have two excel spreadsheets that I like to keep up on a daily or weekly basis. One, for example, are our household expenditures and deposits. Since Goodreader doesn't let you actually add to a Word document or Excel file, I found a program called "Office 2 HD." This one is not free. It is a $6.99 program plus fee and tax, but that is less than you pay for either Word or Excel. It's pretty easy. What I did was email to myself my Excel file from my computer. I opened the email in iPad 2 and clicked on the attached file. Then I tapped on the little curved arrow that you would tap if you want to reply to or forward an email and it gave me the option of opening the file in either Goodreader or Office 2 HD. I selected Office 2 HD. Then I opened that app, opened that file, and tapped the Save button. The Save button gives you a choice of Save or Save As. When you want to be able to type in the file, you choose Save As and rename it. If you don't want to rename the file, than add a "1" to the file name on your computer before you email it to yourself on iPad; and then when you Save As, just delete the 1. Easy. Of course, it works differently inserting rows, etc., than a regular spreadsheet of Excel program, so you really do need to refer to their help menu. I like the program though, because it is inexpensive and lets me keep up edit my favorite already existing spreadsheets. You can create new ones also, of course. I haven't used the word processor yet, but it is probably even easier than a spreadsheet. Oh, it has a Power Point type program in it also.3. Right now the default Safari brower on the iPad isn't very good. I'm very spoiled to using tabs so I can open search listings in a new tab without losing my search page or use the tabs to go back and forth comparing info on two or three different web pages. The new IOS 5 is giving Safari tabs. However, I really like "Web Perfect Browser" which is only $3.99 plus fee and tax. Not only does it provide a tab system for browsing, but will also save web pages for offline reading. I save a web page in the Browser if it is something I want to read later, but not necessarily save. I save a web page in Goodreader, if I want to keep it for reference. I don't know all the changes they are going to make in Safari. You might go ahead and check it all out before buying Web Perfect Browser in case it is good enough for your purposes.4. A great picture organizer program is "Photo Mgr Pro." Once again, the new IOS 5 is making big improvements on the default photo. Perhaps you won't even need this app. The current default Photo app is terrible. You cannot put them in the order you want. As far as I know, the only way to create Albums (folders) is to arrange the folders you want in a special iPad folder on your computer first and then upload the special folder and its contents to the iPad through iTunes. You still can't arrange the order, however. I know they have made improvements in the new operating system; but if you don't like it, try the Photo Mgr Pro. It's good.By the way, the final price of an app varies because some are Apple apps and some are 3rd-Party developers. The developers do get a fee from each purchase. All apps have tax added. I'm not sure how this works, but I do notice that the difference between the app purchase price and the final price is not always the same percentage. However, apps are so reasonably priced, it just isn't that important. Just know that when it says $3.99, it actually will be a little more.---------THE TECHNICAL PART OF MY REVIEW REGARDING PROBLEMS UPDATING OR INSTALLING ITUNES:It isn't a big deal using your computer and iTunes (if you have a computer) unless you have the following problems that I ran into. Here are a couple of solutions below.DON'T LET MY INSTRUCTIONS SCARE YOU. REMEMBER, you can just have IOS 5 put on it after its released, and you don't have to deal with any of this. By the way, if you don't have a computer, you can take the iPad to a Verizon store to activate it. They don't charge for it since they are contracted by Apple. Best Buy may also do it for a small fee when you don't buy it there. Best Buy will also download and install updates for you for $29.95, so wait until the new IOS 5.0 is released and have them put that one on it. That eliminates the computer and iTunes problem since you will be able update and download from the iPad. (I'm repeating, but knowing how to do this with ease and avoiding the problems is valuable to know.)Now back to the iTunes problem. NOTE: My instructions are for a PC with XP. It is possible you won't be able to install the latest version of iTunes. You need a version later than the 9.0 and above series. It must start with a 10.0 or later for it to be connected to your ipad. I use version 10.4.1. I discovered that since I apparently had some previous version of iTunes and/or Quick Time on my computer, it left behind some kind of language. Therefore, after I downloaded itunes version 10.4.1 and attempted to install it; it appeared to install, but wouldn't open. An error message appeared saying there were missing files. After spending 3 days researching off and on for the solution and trying to reinstall etc., I finally found a document on the Internet stating exactly what to remove and how to do it. INSTRUCTIONS: From the PC via Add and Remove Programs in the Control Panel remove iTunes. Then you remove Apple Application Support. You don't have to uninstall Quick Time. Then you close and reboot. Don't open any programs, but do shutdown firewall and anti-virus programs and turn off your DSL/broadband. Now you can go to your iTunes install file you saved and install it. Now it will work, or it may say something about Mobile Device Service not started. If so, open Control Panel again and open Administrative Tools. Open the "Services" folder. Click ONCE on Apple Mobile Device folder. To the left of the file, it says "Stop the Service" and "Start the Service." Click on "Stop the Service" and then click on "Start the Service." I can't remember if you reboot again, but it will tell you. After this, iTunes, should work just fine unless some other cause is creating your problem.NEXT PROBLEM that many people are having is that iTunes will perform all the functions for your iPad except it won't download an OS (Operating System) Update. It will act like it's downloading, but eventually times out. I have a solution, but you can confirm that your problem is the same as mine by doing the following: Open iTunes and click on Help on the menu. Select "Run Diagnostics". Uncheck everything except the first line to do a Connectivity Test. Make sure your DSL or wi-fi is connected. Click Next. Click Next again and it will list test results. The first two lines will have green dots, meaning ok. The third line will be red, "Secure Link to iTunes Store Failed." What is peculiar about this is that I can purchase an app through the store, but can't download an update. The problem is somewhere in conflicting language or programs. After 3 more days of trying to fix, it I finally found a webpage that lists direct links to Apple and instructions. You choose your particular kind of iPad; for example, iPad 2 wi-fi only. Then you download the file and save it to a folder where you won't forget where it is. Be aware that is is a 690 MG file! It takes hours to download. I have DSL "light" which means it is slower than regular hi-speed, so it took my file 8 hours to download. Make sure your Power settings say never so the computer won't sleep during the download. It's ok if your monitor sleeps or the desk top activates a screen saver. By the way, I also was not able to download it on my computer than has iTunes. I had to use my very old computer that has never had iTunes on it. My itunes computer blocked downloads even directly from Apple! If you don't have another computer, use someone else's computer that doesn't have iTunes. OR just wait for IOS 5 (release in Oct. 2011) and pay Best Buy $29.95 to download it and install! After downloading it, I put it on a flash drive and transferred it to my other computer that has iTunes. Next, plug in iPad to your computer via the cable included; do this BEFORE opening iTunes. If you haven't already activated your new iPad 2, then you will be activating it now through iTunes. Once it is activated, you are ready to install the update you downloaded, which will IOS 5 after it released. iTunes may pop up a window that asks if you want to download the update. Press Cancel. If it is set up to automatically download it, press the X next to the field at the top where it is showing that is is downloading. That will stop it. NOW, since your iTunes will not work for downloading if you have the same connectivity issue that I do, you will HOLD DOWN your shift key WHILE you press the UPDATE button. You will only see the UPDATE button if you plugged in your ipad first to your computer and then open iTunes. A menu just for your iPad will appear across the middle of the screen and the Update button is on the Summary tab. After you hold down the shift key while clicking on Update, it will pop up a screen allowing you to find your downloaded file. If you computer downloaded it as a ZIP file, you'll have to unzip it first and then choose the file. iTunes will now update your iPad with the new update. It takes about 10 min or less. By the way, I have Opera browser on my old computer and discovered that it doesn't force a zip file as some browsers do. It will download the file as it actually comes with the correct file extension.Hope this review doesn't scare you off. Remember! You don't have to deal with any of these problems if you pay a store that is set up for iPads to download the new IOS 5 operating system which makes iPad completely independent of a separate computer and iTunes. Again, I don't know what Verizon would charge, but $29.95 is pretty good at Best Buy. Call first to make sure the stores near you will do it.Have fun with Ipad 2. It's great! I'm quite advanced on PC's as I used them for the last 15 years for my jobs. Now I'm retired, and the Ipad 2 is just great fun and new Apps to let you customize it for your own interests are very reasonable.
tablet|(Ipad 2 32gb wifi no 3G) Not much new here, the hype is right these are fantastic devices. I purchased to see if I could replace my laptop with the ipad for the things I most often do with the laptop (email & surfing)I just got the wifi version since I did not want another $20-30 month for a data plan for the Ipad, and besides everywhere I go I seem to have wifi access (home, hotels, coffee shops,etc..) All initial aspects worked perfect, easy to set up email, networks, bluetooth. battery life seems to be good and there are many free and low cost apps to make even more use of the ipad in work related functions. There is a nice app for working with things like MS Word or Excel documents. Its nothing short of amazing. The only thing needed is they should add a SD card slot to the unit or a regular usb port. I would just like an easer way to exchange data/pictures & other things.
tablet|Mine is the 64gb version. It's rapidly becoming a replacement for my laptop (I'm typing on it right now).There are still things that I have to connect it to the laptop for that should really be able to be done via wifi - iTunes syncing, batch uploading PDFs, syncing photos to and from the iPhoto library. These are not necessarily downsides, just things that are keeping me from using it separately from the computer.It should really be able to update the podcasts I'm subscribed to automatically via wifi - it shouldn't require reconnecting to iTunes.The virtually seamless integration it has with the Apple TV is proof to me that it should be capable of doing these things.The battery life is pretty impressive. The biggest issues I have with its power relate to charging. It comes with a special 10W power adapter which allows you to charge the iPad in a relatively reasonable timeframe, but charging it via the computer's USB port is as easily measured in days as hours.The charger looks exactly like the ones that come with the iPhone and iPod, and it will charge slowly with those, but the iPad's 10W adapter will overcharge the batteries in the iPad's smaller cousins, seriously diminishing their life. Again, not really a limitation on the iPad, but something for users to be aware of... I've labeled mine "iPad only" just to be absolutely sure I don't hurt my other equipment.The front facing camera is pretty low quality. As a camera intended to be used for video chat, thats ok.The rear facing camera is pretty low quality. As a camera intended to be used for actually taking pictures, it's pretty inexcusable.This is where they lost the star in my rating - I can get around the other deficiencies with iOS apps and by connecting to the computer, and just by being careful, but there's no overcoming a built-in hardware limitation like this.
tablet|The new iPad 2 has become an invaluable extension of my office. It's fast, has a great screen, and is easy to use. With apps, I can rmeotely access my work desktop; access my company's entire lan, have all my files avialble to me onthe road via dropgox, have all my important Word, PDF, Excel, and Powerpoint files with me, call others using Yahoo, email on the fly, watch movies, listen to Spotify/iTunes, create a MindMap, create a presentation, take a picture and annotate it, annotate PDFs, edit Word, Excel files, find my way on a map, keep up with my blog, keep up and trade stocks, do unit conversions, request AAA roadside assistance, scan prices making drawings, and play games. What is not to like! IF you don't have one or you are skeptical, you have no idea what you're missing. And more memory is better. Also, having 3G is great for when you decide to turn it on while travelling. Don't wait, just buy it now!
tablet|I really don't like technology for the sake of technology, and anything I buy I want it to have a specific purpose. I bought this IPAD for a specific reason, and following it's use for that purpose, I am trying to figure out what else this thing can do, and what it is good for. Sadly, the only thing I have found so far that made me smile was when I got to watch Family Guy on HULU while stuck in the Las Vegas Airport. So, all in all, I am unimpressed. Outside of the "cool" factor, I really don't understand the flurry of excitement over this technology. Service from Amazon was amazing and hopefully I will get something to use this for. If not, I guess I will give it to my daughter for use at her school that is now issuing them to students.
tablet|I tried the original iPad and was not overly impressed. I tried the MOTOROLA XOOM Android Tablet (Wi-Fi) and was happy enough until I tried this iPad 2. I love this updated version! The only issue I had was trying to decide which version to get since there are many options.Storage capacity can be 16 GB, 32 GB or 64 GB. I would recommend at least the 32 GB since you cannot expand the storage and although apps do not take up much space, I was amazed at the amount of stuff I loaded onto my iPad (photos, movies, music, documents, etc.). Trying to save some money, I wondered if I should get wi-fi only or the wi-fi/3G combination and with which service provider, AT&T or Verizon? Every iPad has wireless technology built in and automatically finds wi-fi networks easily but if you want to use it while traveling, the great outdoors or rural areas, wi-fi is not always an option. If you have an iPhone 4, you can use it as a personal wi-fi hotspot for your iPad but your iPhone carrier might charge extra when this option is used. Also, GPS is on the 3G models only, wi-fi provides an approximate location and this could be an issue if you love using Four Square or other GPS based applications. More importantly, the wi-fi only model cuts your battery time down (~8 hours). If you do choose wi-fi + 3G, I would check with AT&T or Verizon networks for pricing before deciding. Both seem to provide reasonable costs for domestic usage but international usage is outrageous. The previous iPad allowed any carrier to be used overseas (which is a bargain) but I'm not sure if AT&T and Verizon models allow for the same thing.This new version is lighter, faster, slimmer and has slightly longer battery life at 10 hours. I love the brilliant LED backlit display on the 9.7 inch screen. I'm still not a fan of Pages (iWork) but it is possible to get Word documents on your iPad through iTunes. There is no official Microsoft version but being able to download Word documents from my pc to the iPad and work on them makes a huge difference for me. I really love the technological improvements that allows this iPad to know your every move and be more responsive. No matter how you rotate this iPad, the display self adjusts - even if you place it upside down! It makes playing games like Critter Ball that much more fun to play and allows viewing movies or reading a book in any position. Need I comment about Apple apps? They beat the Android and every other market out there on this score and help make Apple products first choice.For me, The only thing that prevents this tablet from being perfect is a better camera and the lack of Mozilla (I know this will never happen). I have tried a lot of tablets and prefer this one over all others. Yes, it is expensive but I consider it a good investment since it allows me to complete tasks on-the-go and help pass the time while waiting. I think having this iPad along with an iPhone (or any smartphone) is the best combination. Smartphones can provide information from the web but their small screen size can make viewing difficult and this iPad allows for a perfect union.
tablet|"This sunlight is OK, I guess, I mean it provides all my food I suppose, but I have to give it zero stars out of 5 because I danced naked outside one day and it totally gave me a sunburn."I swear, this is what it sounds like when people complain about new technology. Is there an astounding amount crammed into a small, considerably weight-reduced package? A resounding yes. Are there some pretty impressive apps available for it? Per this review's title, yes. Is it a completely effective replacement for meaningful human contact? No, but I'm reserving judgement for when generation 3 arrives with an optional mounting harness for love dolls.Look, its not perfect...realistically, it'll be a solid 4 or 5 years before a device in this price range can match the 160 gigs of an ipod classic with flash memory, and the dual core chip, while fine for day to day maneuvers, can lag in the more intensive tasks (not that there are many apps that convert things to DivX format or remotely control nuclear cooling towers). Additionally, the lack of slots for SDHC or its 'micro' version knocks off a point or two for versatility. Once data is on the thing, your only hope of exporting is via email or with third party software (and be REALLY careful to test it out with nothing crucial already installed, as there are some abysmal titles out there). Also, I feel a decade of that proprietary cable is enough.Gripes aside, this thing is a joy to use. The battery is every bit as good as people claim, my average use per charge is right between 11 and 12 hours. No screen protector was included, but aftermarket options are plentiful, and the matte finish option I tried produces an incredibly natural response, especially when using a stylus. Need to entertain a child 1-3 years of age? Furry Friend is a fantastic app, and less than 2 dollars in the full version. Splashtop, though, is the primary component of the 5 stars. Full version is fairly inexpensive (intermittently goes on sale for 1.99), and it has saved me both time AND monitor life; Splashtop is remote control for your PC or MAC...nothing new there, those in the IT world have been doing this for some time, and its one of the features advertised for Windows 7 in particular. But the versatility is the selling point. You could be stuck at an airport, and edit a slew of photographs, browse on Firefox with your home presets/favorites, access anything your home computer can access, all with intutitive touch controls.With the sum of available science today, one could certainly design a device with more features and performance. Sure it would cost a ridiculous sum, but ultimately, you get what you pay for. I am a PC guy (only in computer preference), but I have to admit this is an impressive slab of glass and aluminum. As for those claiming the purchase of an Apple product will designate you as a sheep or conformist, I applaud your staunch independence...just be sure you avoid any Meat, Fruits, Grains and Vegetables grown more than 50 miles from you, switch to a all-recycled burlap wardrobe, Handcraft your furniture from sustainably harvested logs downed with your own teeth, coat the whole thing with cruelty-free mud, and power your domicile with a small windmill and excercise bike hooked up to a homemade turbine. Also, avoid all non-leg-based transportation. Then you can be a true pioneer!
tablet|I'll start by being brutally honest here and admit that initially I doubted Apple's Ipad when it was initially released in 2010. I didn't see much utility for it and frankly thought it was a bit silly and I wasn't all for it. I didn't see much use for it although I recognized it was a nifty, cool little device but thought it was a bit too much like an Ipod touch. Forward to 2012 I now am the owner of an Ipad 2 and loving it, I'm converted. It wasn't until I had the opportunity to spend time experimenting and playing with the tablet that I saw myself using it me and bringing it along with me, in short wanting one. I've owned an Ipad for a little over two weeks and with this time passed by I've had enough time to enjoy and experiment enough with this device that now seems to be the right time to review it. If you must know I went for the Ipad 2 simply because I liked how remarkably slim and light it was and although the Ipad 3 has the new retina display, to me it didn't significantly expand the second generation of Apple tablets for me to pay a hundred dollars more (money is important after all and is a deciding factor) to have the "new" product I decided. I read reviews and articles, comparisons between the second and third generations of Ipad and came to the conclusion that I'd be well off with 16 GB Ipad 2 and from then on would decide whether or not to upgrade to one of the future Ipads depending on my use and enjoyment of the tablet.You can say all you want but no one presents and markets a product quite like Apple is capable of (and does). They're often criticized for how expensive their products are yet they are everywhere and well designed and thought and they're hard to ignore. Apple had success with the Mac and Mac book and their different models, the Ipod, the Iphone (all with variations and updated models of the same product) and more recently with the Ipad. I'll be the first to admit Apple's gadgets and electronic devices can be expensive but I've also never had a problem with any apple product I've owned in the past.The size is one of the best thing about the Ipad, it's neither too big nor too small and the screen is big, bright and clear and there's just so much you can do. The interface is excellent; it feels and works great, looks neat and simplistic and it's very easy to catch on. It just feels natural and anyone from a child to a grandparent can use it and understand the bare basics an enjoy it. The applications or "apps" as they are called are truly what MAKE the Ipad the innovative device that it is, otherwise it does a lot of what your Iphone/Ipod touch or Laptop/Desktop do which is still keep in mind, excellent. There are ton of apps for different needs be it for reading books and magazines, to taking notes, playing fun games and everything in between. There are ton of apps already on the market, some brilliant and very useful to some downright stupid and new ones are constantly being created. Many apps are free, not most but a good quantity are and the range from the 0.99-1.99-2.99-3.99... 9.99 etc. There are apps that serve as business tools, diverse utilities, fun mindless games like the popular Angry Birds, there's Safari as the internet browser, you can set up you e-mail accounts, manage your bank account, make hotel reservations etc. The list goes on please believe! There's of course Itunes from which you can buy music, movies and more and have them uploaded instantly to your Ipad. You can also sync it to any existing Itunes account and select material to upload to the device. I also like that there is both an inward and outward camera like on the Iphone so you can take pictures of anything you see or yourself which is a very nice option I thought I'd mention. Those programs and apps are all stored in your Ipad via the memory it contains whether it's 16, 32 or 64 GB and ultimately the amount of Gigabytes you have determines how much content can be stored on the Ipad. The battery life is roughly ten hours (of course depending on certain factors such the brightness, volume etc.) which is not bad at all and still better than my laptop.These are just a few thoughts and suggestions if you're considering purchasing an Ipad.- For me just the Wi-Fi model was fine. However, if you're often on the go and have a need for internet that can't wait and need it "right now" all the time without close Wi-Fi access available at all times then maybe you should consider getting a 3G model for just a little more $ with a monthly or pre-paid plan.-Another thing you might want to consider is the memory you're going to need. The 16G model has in reality 13.9 G (there is always a certain portion of available storage taken before even touch it) and I think for the average user this will be fine (besides you can always remove apps etc. and it does keep track of whatever you've downloaded in case you want it back). Most apps don't take up a whole lot of storage room although some are bigger than others. The same with music, it depends how much you plan to use the Ipad for music and this also applies to the books you buy and how many you plan to buy keep (although the books aren't as bad as the music and movies as far as I'm concerned, I wouldn't worry too much unless you're a hardcore reader who plans to store plenty of books). If you're planning to upload a lot of movies or have/use a lot of data then perhaps a 32G or 64G model would be a better fit for you considering how movies can easily be over 1GB each. They're more expensive of course but may warrant the consideration if you'd rather have the larger number of Gigabytes but and not take the available space entirely than have one that's filled up soon after.-If you're interested in owning the latest thing and see potential great things about the Ipad 3 like the retina display and the upgraded processor you may want to go ahead with the newer model. Otherwise the second generation Ipad makes a viable option if you want to save a bit of money, other than that the two devices are basically identical and at first look no one could notice a difference between the 2 and 3. If you're considering either I suggest you do some research as I did, especially if money is an important factor in your decision and then decide for yourself which one it is you want.-Another somewhat big decision is the color choice, whether you want a black Ipad or a white one. Personally I went with the white one as I liked how it looked and it seems to me that most people I know own the black. The color is not all that important it's what it can do and the options it gives you although some will insist on owning either one color or the other.-Last you may want to protect the Ipad with a protective screen just in case (it's always better to be prepared) to protect it. You may want to consider purchasing a nice case to store and carry it and maybe even a stylus pen if you think you might be into that type of thing.In a world where tablets are rapidly and steadily selling Apple's Ipad has in reality very little competition partly due to clever marketing but mostly due to the great product they delivered. Don't have a lot of negatives, if any, to say for the most part I am really liking it and find myself using it every single day and it nearly replaces my laptop. It does close to everything I want to do with my laptop usually, for me the Ipad is now one of those things tht I can't live without (not literally but still!). I made the jump and find myself enjoying the Ipad and like it for its portability which makes it great for travelling and carrying wherever I go. It's entertaining, useful and smooth. I like that I can have so much in one convenient sized device that doesn't take up a whole lot of space, can access wi-fi, check my e-mails, play games and more. It's not as big or heavy as a laptop, does not overheat even when running for several hours and opens MUCH faster yet it's not so small that it's inconvenient to type or a little hard to read (or touch in the case of my cellular phone) and do tasks with a cell phone, it's a perfect balance if you will. I really don't have anything negative to say about my Ipad, it would be nice in the future to have place for a USB/SD slot and I believe that may be coming eventually. Obviously I've been praising the Ipad a lot and I don't regret my purchase, full marks *****.
tablet|Great gadget. I got it as a gift and honestly, before receiving it, never thought that I would use one, especially for productivity. Well, guess what--I am using NoteTaker HD to WRITE (with stylus) down all my notes at work, I browse the web on the iPad, I watch movies on it, I watch YouTube on it, I type notes on it when I want to, I read books on it (through the Kindle app), I study on it--I can keep going for a while. No, the iPad does not replace my macbook pro at all, and I do wish that the iPad had better graphics, but for what it is right now, the iPad is by far the best tablet out there (and I've played with a few Android tablets my co-workers have) and surprisingly (very, at first) useful, both personally and professionally. And no, I am not an Apple fanboy, as I do have an Android phone (need a keyboard).The selection of quality apps is also unparalleled.
tablet|I was apprehensive re: dropping a nice piece of change on a tablet and wasn't really sure if I really needed a tablet. I have a couple of laptops and have owned a netbook for a couple of years. I bought the netbook because of its portability, size, and relative light weight when I am on the road.Throwing caution to the wind, I bought this Ipad2 and it was instant love. Installation was a snap and took a matter of minutes per the instruction card which comes with the device as well as accompanying online prompts. There are a huge number of applications available for the IPad and many of them are free; others are available at minimal cost. The learning curve for using this device is fast; if you own an IPhone it is even faster. The platform this is built on is similar in operation to the IPhone. As for installing new apps, I have yet to encounter any installation problems with my add ons, though some people have.If you install the ereader app, it negates the need for a Kindle or Nook. While I'm not about to toss my Kindle, this is a nice alternative to carting around yet another device when I travel.The battery's charge is supposed to last about 10 hours. That is a fairly accurate measure as I've been averaging about 9 to 10 hours before draining the charge.The device's design is truly a work of art. While this is not a very constructive comment re: to buy or not to buy, I'm driven by aesthetics. I'm drawn to attractiveness and functionality. I own a lot of Apple products and their purchase has partially been driven on visual appeal and cleverness, though ultimately i have fallen in love with their ease of operation and their ability to go way beyond most folks' imagination. What I am trying to say is that even if you buy this blindly assuming that it will do most of the things your laptop does you'll probably be surprised by its many added features. The Ipad2 is very light and portable. It is easy to hold and with a smart cover or case that converts to a stand, it works great on a flat surface or a lap. It can slip easily into a purse. I usually carry a small or medium Ameribag and have no problem getting it to fit. In order to keep this pad in pristine condition and safe, I installed a screen protector, a back cover, and a smart cover. For what it's worth, this pad is nifty but I wouldn't try to see if it will bounce if dropped. Additional accessories are readily available such as Bluetooth keyboards, headsets, and external speakers.The 32 GB capacity is more than adequate for my needs. However, an application junkie may need 64GB. I mention this because my son is upgrading because he wants to add more apps and is running out of space. 16GB or 32GB is probably adequate for most users.Response time is robust on this little sucker. While I didn't buy the 3G model, I haven't had a problem attaching to free WiFi and reception has always been good given that I'm usually in populous areas.The pad's sound quality is good as well as the screen's image. The camera is o.k., but I prefer my IPhone's camera or better yet a high res dedicated camera.While I had no previous experience with IPad's first incarnation, IPad2 seems to be an improvement over the first release due tofaster processing speed and a lighter and more compact design. While there is no slot for an SD card, I suspect that subsequent IPads will feature better and/or more sophisticated cameras and video conferencing capabilities, and an SD card slot among other things.Bottom line: the IPad2 is a fantastic device that is more versatile than a netbook but lacks some of the functionality of a fully integrated laptop. It's compact size and light weight is a big draw as is its ease of operation and performance.
tablet|Nothing I can say bad about the Ipad 2. I have pretty much quit using my pc since getting the Ipad2. I know a lot of people have said the Ipad2 wasnt meant to take the place of a laptop or pc but thats relative to what you use a pc for. For me its easily taken the place of my laptop. If what you do is surf the web and use Itunes then the Ipad will be what you need and its so much more convienent than having to go to my computer everytime I want to look up a score of a game or see a movie review. I would recommend the Ipad2 to anyone.I also read lots of books and I must say reading books on the Ipad vs. The Kindle is no comparison either. The Ipad's ibooks look so much better and I like the feel a lot better than the Kindle. Kindle also makes a big deal about being able to locate a book and be reading it within 60 seconds.....so can I on the Ipad. So I dont know why they are trying to use that as a great feature.
tablet|Great product, easy to use and take anywhere. Many apps free or very cheap. Highly recommended for anyone trying to decide which tablet to buy. Only drawback, doesn't support Adobe Flash.
tablet|The iPad2 64GB 3GS ("iPad2" in this review) really is a nice-to-have device. For various reasons I did not have an original iPad despite wanting one, so this review will focus on the iPad2 and not the differences between the two generations.1. Screen. The Screen on the iPad2 is gorgeous. HD movies really do look HD, and the iPad2 provides a very satisfactory viewing experience.2. Battery life: Very good. Despite moderately heavy "on the road" use, I have never managed to run my battery even to 50%. Others are reporting 11-12 hours and this is consistent with what I am seeing. Apple did a good job with this battery, and the overall power management of the iPad2. I have my screen set to auto-dim (where the screen adapts to the lighting in the room) and no doubt this helps. I have never needed or wanted to fiddle with the screen using this setting. Ordinary Apple chargers work fine to charge the iPad2 battery. However, many computer USB ports do not have enough juice to charge the iPad2. My main Windows computer does not; not even from a powered USB hub. Many third-party chargers for the iPhone turn out not to work with the iPad2 although all of the Apple ones I have tried do, and some of the after-market ones do. So far my experience has been that if they sold it in the Apple store, it works.3. Browsing the web. The iPad2 is peerless for just plain web browsing, and this is what it excels at. The virtual keyboard is OK for short email messages or filling in fields on websites. For more heavy duty typing, there are a number of fine outboard keyboards out there. I was delighted to find that my Apple Bluetooth Keyboard works splendidly with the iPad2 and for road trips I pack it along.4. Cameras. There are two; front and back. They are exactly what you would expect: OK for quick snapshots, but a lens a fraction of an inch in diameter is not going to take the place of a real camera; we all know that. They work reasonably well for what they are. I have not yet tried the various videophone applications so I cannot speak to that.The iPad2 is thin and easy to carry. The Apple case, which many people buy, is nice to have, but it does not protect the back of the iPad. There are any number of aftermarket leather or other kinds of cases that provide the iPad2 with more protection. Most of these will cause the iPad2 to power down when the front flap is closed, just as the Apple cover does. This is a very nice feature.The iPad2 has infinite professional and personal uses. I can have it in the courtroom (I am an attorney) and look up cases on-line quickly and snappily using the 3GS, since most courtrooms do not provide counsel with Wi-Fi. Email, Web access, etc., these things are all becoming a fundamental part of our lives. I used to use my iPhone for portable Web access, and it was OK for that, but the iPad2 with its larger screen is infinitely better for this. In my life Web access wherever I go is the main use for the iPad2, and it is a critical use.My main negative on the iPad2 are these: 1. No dedicated USB2 port. Why not? 2. The lack of a USB port makes it very difficult to print anything with the iPad2 and for some reason Apple does not make printing easy, or hardly even possible. Apple flat-out does not encourage or want its iPad2 users to print off of their iPads. Whether they are trying to protect their notebook sales or there is some other reason, I do not know. Eventually I anticipate that competition and pressure from the user base (me!) will force Apple to relent on this.In the 21st century, devices like the iPad2 are destined to become a fundamental part of our personal kit. The iPad2 is beautifully made, and for most of us very much worth having. Highly recommended. RJB.
tablet|Update -- dropped rating from TWO STARS to ONE STAR after upgrading the iPad 2 to iOS6I got the iPad for a great price, that's the only reason why I bought it. If this was $20 more, I would have bought a 7" Android tablet instead.Soon after receiving this device I found out:-This device is essentially a brick, unless you jail break this device. (YOU CANNOT JAILBREAK IPAD2 running iOS6)-The Safari web browser does not support Adobe flash (YouTube and pretty much all other videos online)-Most aftermarket "iPad accessories" that were NOT made by Apple will not work with this iPad (error message:"accessory not supported")-you CANNOT use a SDCard/USB drive with this iPad as extra storage with camera connection kit-The iPad can ONLY read certain file formats (avi mov tiff jpeg mp3 mp4 flv)-There is no File manager for this deviceInstead of jail breaking this device, save your money and buy another tablet for a little less money. You will not be missing anything special from the iPad, but you will gain a LOT with another tablet. Most newer tablets support SD cards as storage devices, and plays practically all file formats - that's pretty much standard.I thought APPLE was blazing the trail for others to follow, now I see that Apple is severely behind the competition with basic features.Overall: I have so much buyers remorse for buying this device, it'll probably end up on eBay (w/ the case) to get my money back.Sincerely - An un-satisfied customer,-C.Cole Phd
tablet|I bought a Samsung Galaxy Tablet a while ago, and it sucked Horribly. Going from that to the Ipad 2 its an astounding difference. Ipad 2 is very fast, very clean program. It may take you a minute to get used to the programing if you're like me and have used a PC majority of your life. I Highly recommend this product to anyone who is wanting to get a tablet. Please don't go with the Samsung Galaxy Tablet because you'll just regret it, and wind up returning it to get the Ipad 2.
tablet|I first bought a Viziotab Android tablet from Costco, then my friend bought an iPad. Not to be outdone, I bought an iPad as well. Now I thought I'd be using my iPad more than my Android, but this has turned out not to be the case. You see, Android and iPad are two very different devices, with one device often doing things much better than the other one. So I've found myself using each device for different purposes, and I've found my Android device to be much more practical for everyday use.Here's a summary of my findings over two weeks of using both devices:OS Stability: The winner here is the iPad. I've experienced occasional freezes on the Android tablet, along with delays and slowdowns. The only delay I've experienced on the iPad is when I'm using Safari and want to type in an address in the address bar. There is a small delay from when I type the 'www' to when it shows up on the screen. No big deal.Camera: iPad is far and away the winning choice here, especially since my Android device came with a shabby VGA camera. I can't speak for other devices like Galaxy Tab, but the iPad with its front and rear facing cameras definitely wins.Video Chat: iPad. Especially since my Android tablet doesn't, as yet, support this.Screen Resolution: iPad. What can I say about this, other than the difference is like night and day. The Viziotab's screen resolution is, in a word, ugly. It seems very one-dimensional compared to the iPad's. The iPad screen is clear, bright, and attractive.Browsing: I'm going to give this one to Android. Although iPad's browsing is fast and Safari is easy to use, Android has flash. Yes, I know, the resource hogging flash! But here's the thing about flash for me: There are a couple of mission-critical websites I use constantly one is for my job) that use flash. With the iPad, it's a no go -- unless you buy a third-party browser that supports flash. So Android wins here.Photos: This is a toss up. While iPad blows away Viziotab in terms of resolution, Android wins simply because you don't need to go through iTunes to sync your photo library. I think I'll be using my iPad to share those photos from my recent trip to Hawaii, but if I need to 'manage' my photos I'll use my Android tablet.Video: Again, a toss up. iPad presents videos beautifully, but management is a pain in the a**. First, iPad doesn't support all video formats. And second, you have to sync your videos through iTunes. So, if I have that iPad-compatible video of my trip to Egypt, I'll share it on iPad -- otherwise I'll be using my Android tablet to manage my video collection.Email: I was at first impressed by the iPad email app. But I enjoy reading my email on Android. Perhaps it's the Android's integrated GMail app, which makes viewing email a more pleasant experience. iPad just seems awkward. Android wins here.Downloading: No contest here. Android wins. You can download anything to an Android tablet, including video and audio in multiple formats. Android supports torrent downloading, too. What can you download to iPad? iTunes apps, music, and video, all of which come at a price.Games: iPad wins. I just can't see Android competing in this area. Although I'm not a big mobile-device gamer, so it doesn't really matter to me.Bluetooth connectivity: iPad supports Apple devices. Android supports everyone's devices. Android wins.Apps: A toss up. App store wins for number of apps, and for integration with iPad. Market wins for functionality. I like ebooks, for example, and have ebooks with Barnes and Noble and Kindle. But Apple has hamstrung the Nook and Kindle apps buy taking away the ability to download books through the iPad apps. And there will be no app available through the app store that duplicates any other functionality that would eat iinto Apple's profits.Viewing Videos on your HDTV: With the purchase of a $5 HDTV cable I can view beautiful, high resolution movies and TV shows on my HDTV with my Viziotab. With iPad you have to buy Apple TV ($99) and then are limited to iTunes store purchases. Viziotab is the winner here.In conclusion, I like the iPad for its big, beautiful display and ease of use. I don't like it for its limitations, like lack of bluetooth connectivity, file management capability, and file format support. I will keep my iPad to share videos and photos of vacations, and to use if I have to video conference with someone. Which will probably be never, but at least it's there! And for the cool apps that I do like. Not so much for browsing or file management. If I were to have to choose between the two, I would choose Android simply because it is wide open compared to iPad. If I sit on the couch to surf, I'll use Android because I know there will be no artificial barrier between me and the world wide web. And if I go on vacation, I will take the Android with me for compatibility reasons.Buying advice: If you're an Apple user already and are immersed in the Apple ecosystem of products and services, compatibility probably is not an issue for you, so I would choose iPad. If, however, you're not an Apple user I would carefully weigh the compatibility issues. The iPad effect wears off eventually, and you have to realize the iPad is a device that does some things really well, other things not so well, and a few things not at all. If those things it does 'not at all' are things you need it to do, then you might be well advised to get one of the Android tablets to better serve your needs. Or, if you're like me and can afford it, why not get both?
tablet|The iPad 2 has got to be one the best things I have ever owned. In the start I thought I never "needed" just wanted it. But now I cant see myself not living without one. I hardly use my 17inch desktop replacement now. I only use it for certain tasks like downloading files, converting files, heavy typing tasks and pc gaming. I also hardly use my HTC Deire Android smartphone or iPod touch 3rg gen for surfing or apps any more when Im home. After trying many different tablets and reading many reviews and lastly just playing around with the iPad 2, I knew it was the best tablet on the market right now. Yes it does have many drawbacks if you compare it to the other tablets, but the it also has many great things about it and pros greatly outweigh the cons. Coming from an iPod touch i was already familiar with iOS. I also plan on getting an iPhone as my next smart phone. I prefer iOS over android and other operating systems for mobile devices. iOS just works and flows really well. Its really reliable and easy to use. Any body any age can pick an iOS device especially an iPad and just start using it right away, its just that easy. I do really wish the iPad 2 had flash but over time I got used to it. Also there are many work around for watching or using flash on the iPad 2. Their are at least 10 different apps/browsers that will allow you to use flash on your iPad 2. Also over time flash will die. It is a aging format, it drains too much battery and memory and its slow and most of all there's all sorts of security issues with it. I know since I use adobe flash on my htc desrie all the time. Also many websites, I would say as much as 75% of them offer 2 choices html 5 or flash versions of their website. I also wish the iPad 2 had a higher resolution screen. Many of the other android tablets do have a higher resolution. They also have better cameras, more ram and dual speakers. Regarding the screen I havent noticed that the resolution is an issue right now any way all videos, web pages, apps and games look great on it. Also the speaker is gerat even though its just one on the bottom right, its still fairly loud and does the job. In terms of performance I don't find the iPad 2 slow in any way even though it has less ram than the other tablets on the market. Here is where the iPad 2 excels when compared to its competitors: The battery life is just crazy at 10 hours, yes at times I do wish the battery was removable so I could just swap another but its just really long lasting. The iPad 2 is supper light especially when compared to the other tablets or even the previous iPad. At first I found it a little on the heavy side and I do still wish it was a little bit lighter like around 1 pound, which Im sure the next will be. I think there is only one tablet which is lighter than the iPad 2 and that's the samsung galaxy tab 10.1. The iPad 2 has the best app store. It has the most apps, the best quality apps, and the developers make the apps for apple first before android, blackberry or windows 7 phone. Apple also has the largest store to purchase music, music videos, tv shows and movies. You can also rent movies on it. The iPad 2 has the best selection of games out of all the other tablets. Their are tons of games free and paid on the iPad 2. The iPad 2 just like any other product has huge number of third party accessories available for it. Apple has great customer service and a great warranty. I do have to warn you that when I received my iPad 2 in the first week of may. I had purchased it online from appples website and it was shipped to me in 3 weeks directly form the factory in china. I was aware that their maybe a backlight bleeding issue on some iPad 2s. It turns out mine had it and I wouldn't have known if I wasn't on the forums. I went into an apple store and the genius replaced it on the spot. Mind you I did get a refurbished model. But the refurbished replacement was flawless with no backlight bleeding and haven't had any issues with it yet. So I caution you to maybe wait until they say for sure that they have fixed the defect with all iPad 2s and then make the purchased. Or you can make your purchase now and see if you get a defective one or not. Overall I am very happy with my iPad 2. I do suggest going for highest memory option you can afford especially if your gonna use it for more than just browsing and email. The apps and games do add app and its always nice to have that extra storage available. Also if you can afford the extra $100 for the 3G connectivity I do suggest that also. That is one feature I wish I had got. I seem to use my iPad 2 mostly at home but when I'm out I do wish I have the 3G since I have to use my smartphone as a hotspot and use up its battery and data. If you get the one with 3G you can always just sign up for no contract data and just turn the plan on and off whenever you really need it with no commitments. Lastly, the iPad 2 does have the antenna gate issue which lowers the signal of the data connection of the device when holding it a certain way. I disappointed to hear this, but its seems these days almost any mobile device has some sort of issue like this. I have noticed it on my 2 ipod touchs and htc desire and now the iPad 2. It happens when you hold down on the speaker grill on the bottom left of the iPad 2. I have noticed it only drops the signal by one bar. So if I have 3 bars on wifi then it drops 2 bars. It there is only one bar then it doesn't drop the connection. I have also done a speed test and it slows down the speed by about one third. It never seems to affect streaming video or music for me. The iPad 2 is a great device I don't regret buying it all. I could just bought a cheap netbook but I a tablet. I was never even a fan of the iPad when it first came out, I thought it was just an over sized iPod touch which I already had. Also I was never a big follower of apple products, yes, I have owned a couple of iPod touchs but that's about it. I was also never a fan of the iPhone just found it over rated. But now after owning the iPad 2 for almost 3 months I can honestly say it is the coolest thing I have ever owned.December 2011 update: Well after owning the iPad 2 for about 7 months I can say its a great device but not good enough. The iOS 5 update made this worse in many ways especially battery life. The device is also more buggy now. Alot of the new features work but dont work right or all the time. I did update to 5.01 and battery life as improved but not to what it was before 5.0. I am anxiously awaiting a worthy tablet from google. The lack of flash, not having real multitasking, not being able to modify or customize my tablet in any way, not having micro sd card or usb ports really makes me wanna get an android based tablet. As soon as there is an android tablet that is just as good as the iPad 2 or better I will be getting it and selling this iPad 2. In the mean time I guess I will have to just deal with the limitations of an iOS device. Jailbreaking my iPad 2 did improve the usability of it alot but then I updated to iOS 5 and I no longer have a jailbreak. Jailbreaking still doesn't compare to the hack-ability and customization an android device is capable of especially if rooted.April 2012 update: aftering owning my iPad 2 for almost a year now I am still very happy with it. When I first wrote my review I thought maybe the an android tablet would be better for me. Since then I tried the asus transformer prime and found out the grass is not greener on the other side. The asus prime was buggy, had all sort of glitches. I wasn't happy with the hardware or software especially after using an iPad. The lack of tablet specific apps was also very limited. The only thing I miss from the prime was the keyboard dock which provided extra battery life, extra ports and a hardware keyboard. There is still nothing like this for the iPad. All the keyboards are Bluetooth and end up draining the iPads battery quicker. There is the apple keyboard dock but only works in portrait mode and can only be used on desk or flat surface.The iPad 2 is even better than before now since the price has been reduced to $400 and you can get a refurb unit for only $350. Personally I think the refurb should be $300. But $350 is still a great price and ofcourse people will still buy it at that price. I don't really see a point in upgrading to the newer iPad. I played around with it in the store and yes it did look better but only when you put the two of them next to each other. They say only people who use their iPad for videos and gaming will really benefit from the better screen. The newer screen is also suppose to reduce eye strain for reading. The iPad is still the best tablet on the market and will continue to be so for a while at least until google finally gets their act together and produce a comparable tablet. Androids lack of tablet apps and fragmentation is really killing and holding google back from competing with Apple.
tablet|So, you're thinking of buying an iPad however, you're not so sure of what it can do and how it works. So, here is the "Dummies Guide to the iPad" to help you make that decision."I promise to keep the jargon down to a bare minimum" :To begin with the iPad must be paired to an existing Laptop or Desktop PC. These can be normal Microsoft Windows or Mac PC's. Once paired you can use the iPad by itself. It only has to be paired once. Although, there is a rumour that the next generation will work straight out of the box.You will be able to:-Touch and pinch the screen to type words and move things around-Send and Receive Emails-Browse the Internet including Online Banking, Internet Shopping and more...-Listen to Music, including the Radio when there is a Wireless (Wi-Fi) connection-Watch Videos and Movies-Write and Print Letters (see the section on 'Printing' further down)-Download and Play Games-Become a Smarter Person (more on this later)-Display Pictures - it is an electronic Picture Frame too!-Take Pictures and Movies, if it has the onboard camera (iPad2 and newer)-Have a chat with the relatives abroad using Video Conferencing technology-Download THOUSANDS of books into a snazzy Book Reader that you can actually turn pages on the screen with-There are loads more - I'll leave them as a surprise if you decide to buy one :)You will NOT be able to:-Watch a special type of animation or movie using a technology known as 'Flash' - don't worry about this though, you'll hear lots of people complaining about it. It really is no big deal and you'll learn to live without it. Over time, many of the popular web sites will move away from using Flash and use a newer technology that DOES work on iPads.-Insert a CD (there is no slot and you don't actually need one)-In fact, there is not much else you can't do with an iPad :THE WIZARDSNo, not the ones' from Oz! Wizards are helpful programs that magically pop up and automatically configure things like the Internet and Email connections for you. The iPad has more Wizards than you can wave a wand at! When you first switch it on and whenever you need to set something up it will automatically present you with a Wizard. Therefore setting things up is as easy as 1-2-3.The iPad is also an iPod!! - Loading music is done in one of two ways.1 - install the free version of iTunes onto your normal PC and follow the Wizards instructions to download your music from the 'iTunes Store' or transfer your music from your favourite CD collection. Then, connect the iPad to your computer using the supplied cable and it will automatically 'Synchronise' your music to the iPad. Yup, you guessed it - using yet another Wizard!2 - iTunes is a built in application (or App) on the iPad itself. Tap this App to search for and download your music directly to the iPad. You could even download a movie or your favourite episode of 24 too!Once the music is on there just tap the iPod App to listen to it. Easy-Peasy!APPSThe iPad extensively uses Apps. Apps are downloaded, using Wi-Fi. This is why you don't need a CD drive. These are the icons that are displayed on the screen.Apps are downloaded from the Internet using yet another App called: "The App Store". Tap this icon to search for or see a list of the most popular Apps available, some are paid for and some are free! Tap the 'Install' button next to the one you'd like, follow the Wizards instructions and the App will automatically download and appear as a new icon on the screen.LOADING PICTURESThese can be loaded onto the iPad using iTunes, Email or the 'Camera Connection Kit' - this is a separate adaptor ($30) that plugs into the bottom of the iPad. Just insert the memory card from your camera into the adaptor and it will automatically load the pictures into the built in Photo App.THE PICTURE FRAMEWhen the iPad is locked (by pressing the button on the top-right side) and then back on again, you'll see a little icon in the lower right side corner of the display. Tap this and the Photo App will automatically display your pictures in full screen mode, converting the iPad into a digital Photo frame! It is a great feature. This means that you can leave the ipad on the shelf, literally as part of your rooms decor! You may want to purchase a 'Dock ($30)' to have the iPad tilted and supported at just the right angle.Tip: if you need a reason to justify buying an iPad to your wife - use the Picture Frame one!!PRINTINGPrinting is done wirelessly, however you MUST use one of the wireless printers detailed on the apple.com website. Typically, it will not print to anything other than one of those printers. There is one caveat to this statement, it is possible to print to any wireless printer if you pay for and download a third party App that is available via the App Store - use the search keywords 'wireless printing' to find it.It is also possible to email whatever you'd like to print and pick it up on your normal PC for printing.Finally, I mentioned that you could become a Smarter Person by using an iPad - in fact this is not a joke. There are thousands of educational Apps including ones' for learning Astronomy through to learning how to read and play music and even Apps that will help you learn a new language. The possibilities are literally right at your finger tips!!If you're unsure of which size to buy just buy the largest one you can afford. I have a 32GB version and have only used half of its capacity even with some very large Apps installed.The iPad is many things to many people and the information above is just scratching the surface."I hope this review helps you make the right decision and I also hope that I did not use too much confusing jargon."Good luck!*** update 12th October 2011 ***Apple have released their new Operating System (iOS 5)Amongst many new and enhanced features there is now the ability to synchronise data across multiple Devices. They call it 'iCloud' - think of iCloud as 'Virtual Filing Cabinet' to store your Documents, Diary and a record of your downloaded media from iTunes. Always accessible as long as there is an internet connection.iCloud also allows the iPad to be used without having to 'Pair' it with a computer. It will now work straight out of the box!
tablet|I bought an IPAD 2 64 gig 3g Verizon model the first week it came out. I bought it online. I received it 3 1/2 weeks later from china. It was amazing for the first 20 hours. The apps were so unbelievable. I have a touch, and it is so much better. On the second day, it started trying to shut down. The battery was at 80%. I tried shutting it off and could not. I called apple. I bought the extra care plan for 90 dollars so they are going to help me. Right? Wrong. The first representative we talked to had us restore it to the factory settings. It took 1 hour to download the 660 mg file. We then restored it to the factory settings. It started working perfectly. We were so happy. The problem was solved! I watched videos and played with it for hours. I ran the battery down and plugged it in overnight to charge. The next morning the problem was back in spades. It then started doing new things like flashing on and off. I went on the website and asked a specialist to call me again. She put me on hold. She was gone for a little while. When she came back, she said that I needed to mail it back to them to REPAIR it. I said What? I have the apple care plan and was told that you would send me a replacement. I have not even had this thing 2 days. She said that the other representative lied to me, and that she could not lie to me. I have 2 options. I can take it to the Apple Store (nearest one 165 miles away) or I can mail it and have it repaired and they will send the same one back to me. She made me an appointment at the store. I am driving the 165 miles to take it back. The second representative (a supervisor) told me that they would send me a replacement if I gave them a credit card and let them charge another 900 dollars for it. When they received the old one back, they would charge it back to me.I have had a kindle for years. The day I saw it on the Oprah show was the day I fell in love with it. I bought one the same day. The first kindle i received was great except the internet would not work. I called Amazon and they shipped me out a kindle the SAME DAY! I got it a couple of days later and loved it. It worked perfectly. I upgraded to a DX and have never had a problem.If you want to see a video of what it is doing, you can go to you tube and watch it. My username is caulret. I love Amazon and their amazing customer service!Edited 4-16-11I took it back to the Apple store. The people at the Plano Apple store were awesome. They did not want to give me my money back, but we negotiated with them and they ended up putting it back on our credit card with some creative measures. A more timid person would have had to take an apple gift card. This was all they said that they could do at first, but I held my ground. I might buy this product again at a local Best Buy when they come available. If I decide to do that, I will edit this review. This was my true experience, and I wanted to share it.
tablet|So I'm in the kitchen, listening to my music library, and typing a review for the I-Pad 2. I have put a little more than 14 hours of research and 6 hours of non-stop use. I'm not gonna waste my time writing the specs for this device because if you are reading this I assume you already know the specifications, if not you can easily access the Apple website and do your own research. This review is aimed more towards the educated consumer. A consumer, who like me, has spent various hours of the night researching and contemplating his or her next moves.First, I want to start off with the word "tablet", what is a tablet and who needs it? As an avid P.C. user, I tend to define the device as too short, too little. A underpowered, pre-mature device not ready for this day and age. The truth is, their are more people out there who need a tablet versus a laptop. Having a quad core, overclocked, power hungry P.C. I am like most other users; who tend to have a bias when selecting/comparing portable products. I have been for some time; looking for a laptop with great battery life, portability and power? I first went out and purchased a Macbook pro for about $1199+ some. After a couple weeks of use I was in love. I could not stop showing it off and playing with it. Then I attempted to play games and yes they were playable! But I found myself running to my P.C. whenever I was gonna get serious and then I found myself using my desktop when editing videos. Yet again, I found myself running to my P.C. when it came to doing anything that involved time and effort... It was at this point that I realized that I never used my laptop for more than a hour. Utilizing a mere 20-40% of its power. I used it for; writing papers, showing off pictures and Internet browsing. So I decided to return it. In search for something that made sense.I never considered a net-book useful or even worthy of my time, even less a tablet. The Motorola Xoom came out and I thought it had potential compared to last years 256MB I-Pad. It offers 1GB of internal memory and 32GB of storage space, all for $599. It not only had the potential, but also the power I craved. Although, its pre-mature operating system was a deterrence. This is the same thing that turned me away from the original IPad. Dispite the fact that I liked the original, if people didn't demand it, the product would die and I would be left with a 500 dollar piece of silicon or waste. I needed something portable and practical. I just felt the tablet was a little more practical, if not more useful too because of its portability and extended battery life. So I took the plunge and got the Ipad 2.First impressions didn't fall short; it was easy to set up, had a beautiful screen, and gorgeous aesthetics. While Apple boasts about its 60,000 app's, I'll tell you what, it's not enough (way better than android though). While you can download IPhone and ITouch apps; they are simply not the same (a 3.5inch app on a 9inch screen). Face Time also seems to be problem, since it cost money for all your friends who don't have an IPad 2 or new Macbook. Tango or Skype are excellent alternatives, but still only supported in a 3.5 inch window. Despite this, it has some killer apps (e.g gmail, calendar syncing, web browsing and etc). My favorite app is TeamViewer, which gives you remote access to your PC from anywhere. This app is simply amazing. I was able to install some programs to my PC from school! While It doesn't support flash, it plays almost every video stream I've seen from the web. Hey, that's all I needed anyways. So I can't complain, but all you flash gamers might.Now I found this whole "touch-typing" thing to be an exasperation. Since I am primarily using this product for note taking, its important I am as accurate as possible. Keys kept skipping and words kept missing. So I upgraded to the Apple-wireless-keyboard.. sigh. It was a well spent 69.00 dollars (cheaper models are available). I am able to control volume, brightness and music. Also makes my tablet feel more like a high end net-book. I want to talk a little bit more about writing. I bought this tablet with the intention of using google docs. Well it works, but you have use the mobile version, which has limited functionality. I tried switching to desktop editing, but it was horrendously slow and unworkable. As a matter of fact I'm writing this with google docs now. As long as you are not using bullet points or etc; you should be fine. I do notice some errors that result from a slow ping, so it's worth trying noting it happens. I could more easily recommend using apple's built in "note-taker". Its responsive, practical and free.As far as "Air-Play" goes, simply amazing. Kind of a pain to set up though. One really has to go into every setting in I-Tunes and mark share libraries under preferences and account profile. When the set up is complete, you simply log in with your I-pad and use the same mobile user name and you are good to go. Of course you have to keep your computer running the whole time unless you have a dedicated server of some sort. Air-paly grants you access to your music, videos and HD collection. which makes that whole HDMI out thing really convenient. Granted its only 720p, Ive never noticed a huge difference between 720 and 1080p Additionally stream times are relatively quick. Just keep in mind this depends a whole lot on your network. Which bring me to my next issue of storage. I honestly feel the only thing anyone needs on tablet is, pictures and apps. Unless you are going on a long trip; a couple movies. I am content and don't think I would ever need an I-Pad with more storage. As far as 3G goes, will its just that. A three year old bandwidth solution. If you can get a tethering plan instead, I would highly recommend it, as you can also transplant GPS automatically when tethering.All in all I'm really content I took the I-Pad 2 plunge. A dive, I really never saw myself taking or considering. Having an android phone and P.C.; it would seem like honeycomb would have made more sense; considering the attractive specs and all. None the less, the IPad 2 meets my draconian standards for 2011. Making any other device look over weight and under-spec'd. While the consensus of professional reviewers have voted the camera insufficient, I could honestly say it does what I need it to do, which is provide fun and entertainment. The rear HD camera is similar to the one installed on the new macbook pro models (2011 refresh). Other than that, I don't plan on taking high quality photos with the device. I might do future reviews with the camera though. check out my youtube channel for video reviews, just look up oceansidecreations.
tablet|When choosing which capacity iPad to buy, you should be aware of the following:For many users, this 16GB iPad will be a great choice because, although you cannot expand its capacity, you can import files "on-the-go" with the following Apple accessory: the Apple Camera Connection KitYou can use the Apple Camera Connection Kit (the SD card reader part) to import media files directly into your iPad, without the need to sync to iTunes.This means you can bring along with you an almost unlimited number of media files, such as movies, mp3's, and photos.Perfect for a long trip, etc. Why not take along 100 GB or more? Fantastic!There are a few details you need to know to import media files this way.1). Create a folder on any SD card and name that folder "DCIM".2). Place media files into the DCIM folder.3). Important: The media file names have to be exactly 8 characters long (no more, no less), or the iPad will not see them.Examples: 8letters.mp3, 8numbers.jpg, 8Numbers.mp4, TheBirds.mp4, Img_9001.bmp.Those are really the main details, but here are a few more:When you insert the Card Reader (one of two devices in the kit) into the iPad, with an SD card in it, in a moment the iPad screen will show thumbnails of all the media files on the card.You can import some or all into the iPad. You cannot play media files from the card, you must first import them. To select some media files, just touch them to highlight them and choose "Import". Or, you can select "Import All".The iPad will ask if you want to Keep or Delete (on the card). Be careful to select Keep (in most cases).Valid video files need to be in the ".MP4" format, version H.264. Or convert them to that format using almost any conversion program. I chose a size of 640 x 480, and it was perfect for filling up the screen.NOTE: the media files are imported into the "Photo" section of your iPad. Even the MP3's and Videos. So, to watch a movie, for example, select the Photo icon, not the Video icon on your screen (it won't be in the Video section).AND, you can delete any media files after playing them. That way, you can, for example, load a movie or two into the iPad, watch, then delete to make room for others.
tablet|The first iPad really defined the tablet market and while a trickle of competing tablets were released, none of them has matched the critical acclaim of the iPad 2. The consensus of CNET, Engadget and most other tech reviewers is that the Motorola Xoom is the closest competitor, but falls just short of iPad.This latest version of iPad sports a thinner design, front and back camera for casual filming and FaceTime/Skype video calls, a gyroscope, better speaker and, of course, a dual-core processor and 9x faster graphics capabilities. You still get the 10 hour battery life, but it's all wrapped up in a nicer package. That said, it doesn't seem drastically different than the original iPad and it feels like this version is simply an iPad with cameras, and the cameras don't perform especially well.Granted, the increased graphics capabilities do make a noticeable difference in the handful of games that take advantage of the increased speed ("Infinity Blade", "Real Racing 2 HD"), but most of the apps I use most frequently - e.g. CNN for iPad, Netflix, ABC Player, iTunes Video, iBooks, Pandora, SiriusXM, Apple Remote - don't feel like the user experience changed much beyond the increased volume coming from the speaker.My big disappointments with the iPad 2 are that the cameras aren't great, though that's forgivable since I'd use them mostly for video calling anyway, and that the screen didn't increase in resolution from the first generation iPad! I want my Retina display!However, overlooking the faults of the iPad 2, it's still the best tablet on the market, in my opinion.My kids love the educational apps ("Monkey Preschool Lunchbox", "First Words Animals", "Shape Puzzle HD", "Talking Larry", "Peekaboo Barn" and "Garage Band" are all highly recommended), and I think they've gone a long way in teaching even my mildly autistic daughter memorization and puzzle solving skills!I also love that I can get paid content from apps lie Netflix, (Comcast) Xfinity TV and Hulu+ and even free content like on-demand "Bachelor" episodes and other shows from the free "ABC Player" app. There's just so much capability available to the device through apps and certainly, the wealth of apps available in the App Store is one of the iPad's biggest strengths vs. competitors!It's also a great device for checking email and casually surfing the web, as long as the site you view doesn't require Flash, which is still unsupported. I used to have a netbook that took 5 minutes to boot, then had an awkwardly small browser window and slow response, but you see nothing but instant-on capability and smooth navigation with iPad. I'd definitely prefer this tablet to a netbook!Also, a couple of other miscellaneous tips for those interested:1. The new magnetic Smart Cover from Apple is a must-try! The automatic wake and sleep on opening/closing the cover is more handy than you might first think, as is the ability to roll the cover into a stand for the iPad! We watched Netflix from bed while my wife nursed our baby recently, and it would have been a pain without the handy stand!2. If you buy an AirPort Express or Apple TV, you can wirelessly stream music (and video in the case of the Apple TV) to a remote set of speakers using AirPlay or the Apple Remote app! It's cool to be able to listen to my iTunes content from my kitchen with the iPad as remote control!3. If you're debating whether to buy the WiFi-only or the WiFi/3G iPad, it's worth noting that by paying for the WiFi hotspot capabilities on an iPhone 4, you can not only get data, but location services for your iPad 2, so you can save a couple hundred dollars on hardware and future-proof your connection speed since you can buy a new phone instead of a new iPad to take advantage of increased network speed.In summary, I highly recommend the iPad 2 if you're in the market for a tablet. Its apps are highly entertaining, portable and easy/quick to launch a play, and it just may change the way you surf the web and check email! Even your kids will love it!The few innovations this model sports aren't what they could have been, but are nonetheless compelling.
tablet|The iPad 2 really is a nice toy, but not more than that. I own the 32 GB WiFi version.For getting things done even a Netbook is a better choice and cost's a third. The keyboard and the connectivity with the "real" digital environment is really missing. For reading books the Kindle is way better. It's the perfect device for casual surfing. Casual fit's the device the best. If you like to read rather get a Kindle. When it's about work a PC or Mac is the better choice. The iPad kind of fill's the gap, if you already own any of the above devices, then it's often more convenient to use the iPad. Just be sure that you are ready the pay the premium for something you don't really need.
tablet|At first this device was the best thing I had ever bought! Two weeks later I'm kind of disappointed.I have had a couple of issues with this device, biggest one being serious issues with wifi connectivity. Apparently this has been a common issue for ipad 2. I found a fix for mine, which is to say its not complete junk, but definitely an inconvenience to go through all the steps again and again to fix it. The other issue is I keep having audio problems...sometimes when muted it cant unmute itself and I have to restart it in order to get my audio working again. The camera picture quality is not great, in fact its useless. The video quality is decent in good lighting, very usable if you can really see yourself taking video with a 10 inch tablet. The device isnt heavy for me, but my older mother found it heavy for her to hold after only using it for 5 minutes, which is why I would also recommend getting the smart cover for it..it can turn into some pretty useful sturdy positions for typing, reading, or watching video.The positives of this device, I was surprised at how great the screen would be. I thought it would scratch easy or be high maintenance...but its been really easy to keep clean with a small microfiber cloth (not included). Apps load fast, graphics are nice, and perfect for netbook replacement as long as you dont do a ton of typing. Its great for social media and web browsing, but i would NOT use this as an ebook reader, your eyes start to hurt after reading for awhile. Get the kindle for that.I think the app store is slightly over hyped, i have found two unique apps that i couldnt have got for an android tablet...but overall the most popular apps seem to be on both devices.
tablet|Apple markets this as the ultimate portable computer product, but it has serious shortcomings similar to the iPhone that I wasn't aware of as I don't own one. If you have no interest in external files or photos, then this may not be important to you. I waited a month for mine to be delivered, and after a week, I can say I'm keenly disappointed for specific reasons of Apple's own making.You can't transfer ANY file to it, you can only SYNC all files from one designated computer, i.e. tethered.Despite reading enormous reviews & comments about the original, as well as the 2, I never got the impression from anyone that this was the case. There were a few rumblings about "file handling" and workarounds for it ["everything's going to the cloud anyway" "just use dropbox"] - but nothing that says what an incredible restriction it is for anyone using photos/movies at all. Their only official solution is that you buy a $40 dongle that then will allow SD card content [no CF cards, which I have] to be transferred directly. But the worst part is that even if you were to transfer anything to it, it all gets dumped at the bottom of "saved photos" without any file separation, and no ability to separate or make collections of them after transfer either.Unlike my iPods, you can NEVER transfer any existing file to another, or create a new one. Only with Sync. Apparently they want you to work "with the app" to do whatever you want to do. So the only way you could store photos is randomly, unless you want to sync all file/photos from your one mothership computer. The only semi-solution is to email yourself whatever you want, then download the photos/files...which again will only be dumped in the "saved photo" generic file. You can imagine the limitations with original file sizes.Another key element to me is the lack of any tabbed browsing, whether in Safari or the special Bing app for the iPad [superior to Safari for most things]. So to actually write an email, while constantly switching between single browser pages etc. I'd find ridiculously cumbersome, not to mention that you can't resize ANY windows/apps at all. You can only resize font/content within a given page.Which brings me to the keyboard, or lack thereof. I had no idea that the numeric/symbol part of the keyboard is ALWAYS separate from the alpha part, meaning that if you're ever entering alpha/numeric content, i.e. passwords, airline record #'s etc. you have to hit one key to show the number part, hit the number/symbol, then hit another key to reveal the alpha part again, and back and forth endlessly. In addition, because there's no real tactile feel for the keys, and because the entry points are different for every program [where the browser bar is vs input for youtube etc] you're staring at the keyboard to make sure your fingers are in the right place, then having to look back up and find where it's going, then back down etc., which not only slows the process, but can give you a headache from your neck bobbing up & down, as well as the different light/contrast levels for the keyboard vs the rest of the screen.Yes - I know that you can get a separate bluetooth keyboard, and that would solve some of it - but it also defeats some of the advantage of the form factor if you have to haul the 2 around everywhere you go.This doesn't even address any particular program you may want to work on - just the physical/OS realities of trying to work with it at all.Yes - scrolling through photos is very fast, and can be easily manipulated with your fingers. Yes there are some very inventive apps out there that take advantage of finger-abilities, but what the finger giveth, it also taketh away when it comes to anything that requires content creation or precision. I never expected it to do something like Photoshop, but to be this crippled wasn't in the cards either.This should be marketed to generic users not comfortable with computers, and iPhone users who are used to--and don't want anything more than what their iPhone will already do. The geeks that have championed it should be dismissed for misleading everyone, as they will always find workarounds, and have multiple devices anyway [macbook air/pro/imac etc]. They could just as easily make an Android phone/tablet work for them.The strength of Apple is supposed to be it's user-friendliness, flexibility and support...with their advertising just teasing out a few of the myriad possibilities of the device. In the iPad's case, I feel they did the opposite: they oversold it's abilities, touting dual-core ships, 9x better graphics etc., when in fact none of that really matters at the only pace the interface allows. [I got my mom a refurb original iPad, the first computer she can work - and there's little difference in most app performance]At the direction of my local Genius Bar & Store Manager, I went in search of an app that could help with photo file/transfer, but I queried one of the best reviewed, "PhotoSync" to be sure they responded:"PhotoSync can only transfer photos to the save photos folder. This restriction is made by Apple unfortunately. Third party developers are not allowed to create albums in the camera roll, save photos in other locations than the saved photos folder, or to delete photo from the camera roll. All these features Apple reserves completely for itself. We hope that this will change one day in a newer iOS version but at this point it is the only thing we can offer (though we would like to offer more)."That may be plenty for most others, but it's not for me. I went back to see if I skipped parts of reviews that mentioned this, and no - i didn't. Here's from Mossberg from WSJ...who runs down all the drawbacks, including poor-quality cameras etc., then says:"there are two big omissions, one old and one new. The old one is that, like Apple's prior phones and tablets, the shiny new iPad 2 still won't play Adobe's Flash video in its built-in Web browser. This is a deliberate decision by Apple, and puts its devices at a disadvantage for some users when compared with Android tablets, which can play Flash, or say they will soon, albeit not always well.The other omission has to do with cellular data. The iPad 2 can't use, or be upgraded to use, the new, faster 4G cellular-data networks being rolled out."NO mention of any of the aspects that are important to me, and I would think to a substantial number of people...even if we aren't a majority.I want it to be the Next Big Thing - the one that replaces laptops with a smaller, more flexible form factor that's also inspiring to use.I'm just left with the deflated feeling that I've been had, and mostly because of some very dumb and ridiculous failures in their OS that don't have to be that way...just sticking a finger in my eye as a dedicated Mac user.**Update** I got the 11" Macbook Air and am very happy with it - although it is a lot more computer power than I needed in pure portable terms - it isn't substantially bigger than the iPad [especially with keyboard] for those of you that can afford it.
tablet|Not previously owning an iPad I did not know what to expect purchasing the iPad 2. After using it for weeks though, I can honestly say it is perfect and has no problems that I can comment on. After purchasing a wireless keyboard, I plan on completely replacing the computer with this tablet. Netflix and other amenities are great as well. I would get black though, I see the white becoming faded and not as clean looking after a while.
tablet|The iPad alone I would give 4-5 stars to. Since there is no way to separate the service you get with this device, and the device itself (and once you get this particular model of iPad, you are most likely to be using AT&T (T-mobile is slower)), this device gets a really unfair rating from me. Go look at the Verizon version.The good:Easy to use, light, rugged. Great apps. The software and apps just "seems to work" as compared to the two Droid phones I've owned, which crash, do weird things, are sluggish when first turned on, etc. etc. Based on this, I would not recommend an Android tablet to anyone except the most Technoholic Open Source types.The bad: (blame AT&T, and spineless government oversight)I bought this because I would like to use it if I ever go overseas. Since Verizon chose to go it alone with CDMA, and the regulators let them do that, you are stuck in their little prison if you want to switch carriers....So I was told by Apple that the data service would be easily turned on and off like a faucet, and that I would only have to pay for the months for which service was enabled. Great! I buy it in December, immediately use it "off-campus" in Albany on Christmas vacation (no internet at my Dad's if you can believe it...)Sometime during Dec/Jan, I call AT&T to get them to help me figure out why I can not get in to the Settings->Cellular Data->My Account feature. First call was probably 15-20 minutes long, and the AT&T representative is clueless. It was like I was asking for help with my Acme Moon Lander. I suspect it would have been news to the rep that AT&T actually has millions of iPad customers who pay them monthly. In fact enough customers that AT&T should be able to escalate to iPad expert reps.Call two: Again 15-20 minutes, this time the rep is much more adamant that this must be an apple screen (though he could not explain why the AT&T death-star logo was on the screen I was having trouble with.)Just to play along, I call Apple, and waste some of their money and more of my time. They quickly confirm this is not their problem.I finally figure out although it would be a nice-to-have to check my account out this way, I can go to their web site, and log in. It takes me a surprisingly long time (about 20 minutes) to figure out how to "suspend" my service. By this time, I've waited much too long, and I'm going to have to pay them for January, even though I had not used it then.OK, I pay my bills, and now I get a new bill for Mar 25 thru Apr 25. Whot? My service is suspended, why are they still billing me?Now the reason for the dud star: I call AT&T, and get Rep one. They are very nice, and explain that even though I have suspended my service, I still have to pay. What I really wanted to do is cancel my service. Huh? This is not sounding too much like a faucet anymore. She suggests that what I REALLY want is what she calls "Session based" service. She can not do that for me, but she will connect me with someone who will.I get put on hold where a recording LOUDLY tries to sell me a new Samsung tablet, repeatedly tells me I can "Re-think the Possible" with AT&T. Let me tell you, I've starting to rethink how badly customer service can possibly be at this time. ....Oh yeah, and there is something in there about not wasting my time too.Rep number two: I recount my tale of woe, but she will not have any of it. First of all, I better get it straight: she does not know where this "Session based" phrase I'm throwing around came from, but I better get it straight. Its called pre-paid, and we will hence-forth ONLY call it pre-paid, so we both know what we are talking about. OK lady, you're the boss, Pre-paid. How do I switch my account to Pre-paid, and how do I get this bill cancelled? Well it turns out they can not just flip a software switch on their end. The type of service (let's just call it a billing plan) is determined by my SIM card. You've got that right: even though it is just a stupid serial number in a database, I've got to haul myself down to an Apple or AT&T store to get a new SIM card, so that they can bill me differently.Apparently WAY back when, when I first signed up with AT&T (which I think I did on the phone because the web site was too confusing), THAT is when I went off the rails. That is why my Settings->Cellular Data->My Account feature gives me a weird error which three different AT&T reps have not been able to help me with. This woman was annoyed with me, and clearly thought it was all my fault for getting myself in to this predicament. ....But she could not give me help with my bill. Onward:More annoying "commercials": you know if this Rep loudly read the scripts from these commercials while we waited for the next rep, it would be considered really rude, and nobody would put up with it. Give me the elevator music please. I am not calling AT$T because I've got money burning holes in all of my pockets to buy another tablet, I am calling because they are not billing me the way I was promised.Rep number three: I again recount my tale of woe (more quickly this time, so I don't p*ss him off). Since I'm now in to minute 30 of this call, and that last rep was really testy with me, I'm now asking them to forgive three months for service not consumed.Guess what? I tell this guy I apparently should have signed myself up for Pre-paid service way back when, and that is why I am here now, and he says: "Oh you mean Session-based service?", and proceeds to use the "Session-based" term that Rep #2 reprimanded me about for the rest of the conversation.So AT&T: you are just awful. When I communicate with you, you use the term "Phone Number" when it is not a phone. And I can not make phone calls (or text as far as I know) You allow me to suspend my service, but you still charge me the same money, whats that all about? Your own people disagree on what terms should be used for the billing plans. And we are not talking innocuous terms like "pop" vs. "Soda", because this is how I got in to this mess. I signed up for the wrong service, and I suspect it is because your poor discipline with terminology. And that original error message, why give me a mis-leading error, just put up a screen which say "You have got a XXX plan, and this info is not available under that plan". Cancel/Suspend, Pre-Paid/Session-based. Phone Number/device number. "Invalid account"/Wrong plan type. Pathetic. And I mean pathetic, not ludicrous, or shameful, or awful. Pathetic.
tablet|Bought an IPAD for my wife so we could talk while I was out of the country for 9 mo. It worked great the month before I left. One week after I left, it would not go online any more. Since it had only been 40 days she called apple and they reset it, but that did not fix it. So she had to send it in the day before she was going away for a week, the one time that she really needed to keep in touch with me. Apple should have replaced it and sent us a new while they fixed our lemon of an ipad. We have been apple customers for 3 mo, not so impressed with their customer service. I thought their OS was supposedly without problems. Story to be continued after they send back our now refurbished $700 Ipad that is 40 days old. If I wanted a refurbished one I could have paid $400, and I would have expected this kind of action.
tablet|I purchased the original iPad 64GB with Wifi back in October of last year. If I had know that an updated model was going to become available so soon, I would have waited for the iPad 2. So, do you really need the iPad 2? Frankly, there are three major differences between the original iPad and the iPad 2. First, the iPad 2 is noticeably lighter and sleeker. It is more comfortable to hold for longer periods of time, especially if you like to read e-newspaers or ebooks. Secondly, the iPad 2's processor is a lot speedier. Page turns are quick, boot time is fast, and surfing the internet is a breeze. Last of all, the iPad 2 has a camera. This, however, is its weakest feature. Do not expect the same results you would get from a digital camera or digital webcam. (I could have lived with a model that has no camera.) The other differences are minor (e.g., the automatic turn on/turn off feature). For me, the iPad 2 is a better product for what I needed (reading and surfing the net). Before you get rid of your original iPad, I would check it out at a retail store along side your original.
tablet|I recently received the Apple iPod 2 as a birthday gift. Since I never had the iPad 1 I'm still learning how to use it, although it is somewhat similar to my 3rd generation iPod touch. The iPad 2 has a lot of nice features built in such as a video/picture camera and FaceTime. What I really don't like about my iPad is that I can't download Adobe or watch shows on Hulu or any other website without paying fees. These are things that I can do on my regular laptop at no extra cost. Apple is forcing the iPad purchasers to use iTunes or to pay extra fees elsewhere. If I had known this from the start I would have returned the iPad and bought a tablet. If you don't like watching videos online or you don't mind paying extra fees then the iPad is great. As for me I am not happy with it.Update 12/28/11: iPad now offers Apps for ABC and TV.com for CBS so I can watch shows from these networks for free and I don't have to purchase them from iTunes. The iPad is still restrictive compared to some tablets, but I'm going to change my rating from 2 stars to 4 stars. iPad is equal or superior to most tablets currently on the market, but I just wish that it wasn't so restrictive in some cases.
tablet|I bought this for travel and business. The lightness and portability is cool, and it seems rather seamless until I went to use on my work websites...then oh no, they wouldnt work. Well, I went looking for apps....and guess what, there arent any for those websites. UGH! No updates, apps, or workarounds. Im stuck using it for emails and some websites, and a few apps. My mistake as I should have known they used Flash. Im just glad I didnt buy a 3G model or I really would have tossed more cash in the fire. I should have done better research, but figured there would be some sort of workaround, but there is not as of now. I would have been much better off with another of the competitors that used flash.Also there is very limited expandability. This is more of a gadget and not a computer or even a netbook. At least I can get on websites and use it with a netbook.It will allow me to stay connected through emails and some do some slow surfing, but thats really the extent of it.This is a very sad disappointment for business use....
tablet|Before you go jumping off into Hightech Hysteria, think about what you want to do with what you might be buying. It's almost worthwhile to consult someone who has an iPad or someone who can guide you to what would work best in you personal daily use. This is in most cases not going to replace a laptop, or a desktop computer. The size of the screen is really nice, but then you can't put it in a suit jacket pocket. Nice to have with you, Yes. Easy to leave laying somewhere, Yes. Work with major programs, such as Adobe or FileMaker, only in an emergency and only if the program exists for the iPad (up until now only some mini versions exist). Make sure what you want to primarily want to do, really exists, this i not Mac OS X, this is iOS 4.3. If staying online is that important AND you don't mind carrying it around (it's not heavy, but it's bulky), then you could consider this gadget. It's like a sports car, it's nice to have, but it's not a necessity. What would be nice is something between the iPad 2 and the iPhone / iPad Touch sized iPad mini, that would be half the screen size of the iPad 2. This way, it might not fit in all suit jacket pockets, but could be carried in a shoulder holster or similar carrier under the jacket, sweater or what have you. The larger size to accommodate the over 40 seeing problem and big finger dilemmas.
tablet|
tablet|Really people? For the money this thing is stripped down. They just now add a forward and back facing camera and everyone is like ooh cool. This feature has been on cell phones forever. It should of been added on the original ipad. Think about it. A cell phone has more features than an ipad. Smartphones now have high resolution front and rear facing cameras with flash, able to use the flash as a flashlight, sd card slots, cable hook up to t.v's, wifi, usb, physical keypads, can download music without proprietary software, and so on. All in one little package. Now don't tell me they don't have room on an ipad to add any features.Yes they made this a little lighter and a little faster. But for the price you can buy a powerful laptop or netbook that will leave the ipad 2 in the dust. And you won't have to pay for proprietary cables or accessories for dowloading your pictures, files, music etc. like the camera kit, which doesn't work for all cameras or memory cards to transfer pictures. And don't forget you have to pay for all the Mac apps. And oh you want a physical keyboard? More money. Wait you better buy a protective case to protect your new investment that probably is adding up to almost a grand now. That's where Apple gets you. You have to buy their proprietary products and services. And they will add features and memory upgrades a little at a time to newer models so you will want the latest features. Just like their ipods and itouches.If you are thinking about replacing a computer with this, then read on. If not, then read elswhere.All that said...if you want to do work on it, consider getting a loaded netbook which is a better value and more powerful, more memory and you don't have to go through the hassle of downloading or uploading to another computer like you would have with an ipad. With a netbook you can just load data onto an sd card or thumb drive if you want to instantly. What if you don't have a computer around with an ipad and you want to transfer some files or pictures onto it or want to just download some files and take it with you on a thumb drive. Oh wait did you remember to bring the cables or adapter with you on top of that? Do you want adapters protuding from your expensive ipad waiting to be bumped and snapped off? Also do you use Windows or Mac? Is your printer cabable of over the air printing? If not then you have to either get a capable printer or transfer the data onto a computer that is hooked up to your printer. If it were not for the touchscreen, would anyone buy an ipad? HECK NO! It would be considered a featurless outdated piece of equipment comparable to something about 10 plus years ago. See where i'm going here. But on the same note, a netbook is not as portable. So weigh out your wants and needs. I ended up getting a netbook after research and playing with them and no regrets because I can do anything on it and it is a spare because the kids take up the other computer. I couldn't of done much with the ipad except surf the web. Example, my wifes work computer crashed and she was working from home. Well luckily she had the netbook because she hooked up the netbook to her lcd monitor and logged into a computer at her work place remotely and kept on working. And I also had the netbook hooked up another time to my flatscreen, an external hard drive, mouse, and an sd card in the slot so I could edit pictures, back them up and print them. I also had an extra usb port to spare where I could of had a phone plugged in to charge at the same time my netbook was charging also. Couldn't of done all this with an ipad let alone charge it at the same time if you had something plugged into it's single proprietary port. Get at least an 11.6 inch netbook if you decide on one and still want functionality and portability. Everything fits on the screen better and not crammmed in. Keep in mind though that some netbooks come with just Windows starter and not a full working edition. If you don't get the full working edition, then the netbook would not be of much use. But oh when I just want to lounge around and surf the web, I wish I had a tablet. But I use my phone for that, lame but it works. Oh yeah, I can tether my phone to the netbook also.Personally I think this is mainly usefull for surfing the web or used as an electronic organizer for someone on the move who has to keep track of a lot of information or carries a clipboard i.e. invoices, work orders, short note taking, etc. or needs visual images out in the field. But to use in place of a real computer, no. You can buy apps. for the ipad to do some work on, but they are not as powerful. So think about what you want or need it for. Ask yourself something like this. Do you need something portable for school where you can do term papers and homework on, or for organizing and socializing? This is not a replacement for a computer if that's what you want. It is a media device with limitations features wise. Also with a netbook you can have a spare battery and swap it out and continue on. With an ipad you have to plug it in and wait for it to charge and it defeats the purpose of mobility doesn't it? Yes you ipad defenders, I know the battery charge lasts pretty long, but there are variables affecting it like what you are running and what if you forgot to plug it in overnight and you don't have time to charge it.I'm not saying a tablet doesn't have it's place because it does. And yes I know that an ipad and a netbook are two different things. But it may not serve your needs so be aware. I can see where an ipad or any other tablet would be more practical or even a no brainer because a clamshell design of a netbook might be just to clunky. I'm just pointing out the lack of features on the ipads. If they only would add a memory card slot or standard usb to make it simple to transfer data or so I can hook up other peripherals. I don't want to pull out cables or turn on my computer and sync it everytime I want to transfer data. But don't hold your breath. They want you to buy another one with more memory if you need more. A memory slot or usb would give you the option of adding more memory of your own. And it won't take you long to fill up the little memory the ipad offers if you like to load media onto it.Size and price should be taken into consideration if you want to use it for entertainment away from home a lot. There are several tablets offered from competitors now and some are less expensive, more features, smaller and lighter and don't use a lot of proprietary cables or software applications or hardware, they have sd slots and or usb also. Something you might want to think about if you like to dowload or upload stuff on the fly and travel light. But it comes down to you to research ask questions and try to get some hands on to "see what works best for you". Just don't expect that all the tablets perform the same or offer the same apps. Your not going to get ipad performance or huge selection of apps. to choose from compared to a tablet that costs way less. If you just want it to take on vacation while relaxing next to the pool or to keep kids entertained then a less expensive tablet might fit your needs so you can still enjoy yourself and not have to worry as much about it getting stolen, lost, or broken. As for the ipad, you might be to concerned with it to enjoy yourself or it is just too big and a 7 inch tablet is more convienient. But if you want your cake and eat it too. Take a look at the Asus Transformer and Asus Slider. The transformer has a detatchable keyboard with a mouse pad and battery that extends your battery life, two sd slots, USB ports, and you can adjust the angle of the screen and close it like a netbook. The slider has a keyboard build into the tablet and screen flips up. No mousepad though. But there is a USB port that you can hook up a mouse to if you want. Also with the Asus tablets you can multitask and listen to something in the background while doing something else. With the ipad you can't. The Asus tablets support flash and you are able to watch clips on web pages, whereas the ipad you don't get to watch the clips because most clips are flash. The Asus tablets will fit movies on to the screen better and not have the black bars on the top like on the ipad. People are even getting rid of their ipads to get the Asus. There are also a few tablets out there that run Microsoft Windows. So that was just an example of other opions you have out there. Another thing to think about is that there are a lot of phones running on Android as for tablets also. So there is going to be a lot more compatibility between devices because most of them will run on Android. With Apple your limited with their products and don't have other outside options. The tide will turn with more offerings for Android because it will become main stream because most devices and manufacturers now are adapting the Android platform,while the "I" line of products are only exclusive to Apple. Will be like the Beta max vs VHS. Beta had better quality but most manufacturers adapted the VHS format instead of Beta. Well Beta died because everyone was making VHS products.Don't slam me if your an ipad lover. It's just things to think about. Don't know why people get so defensive about negative reviews about this thing. They must be the ones replacing their old Apple stuff with the newer models that have the newest inovation (cough, cough). What's new for next year? A flash for the camera? Or wait, maybe a phone feature. That way you can get rid of your cell phone and only carry the ipad around and not have to carry both. There are a lot of fan boys out there defending the ipad with not much to back it up and they take it personal. I think they are in denial and trying to justify their purchase. Well people you are the ones Apple preys on and you fall for it.Update: I finally broke down and got an Acer 7 inch A100 tablet for my daughter for Christmas. And after using it for a while, I will still stand by what said about the limitations and uses of a tablet. And the Acer A100 is only 7 inches perfect size for holding for long periods of time or for traveling instead of a bulky 10 inch. it can keep up with the ipad2 and has ports for micro sd, micro usb, micro HDMI, and hey even a flash for one of the two cameras. Hear that? A simple flash for the camera. Oooh...Oh wait, the ipad3 might get that, can't wait, it will make it the best ipad ever. Whatever...
tablet|The Apple iPad. Those of us who own one have recently been called less than flattering names for daring to use it and enjoying the experience! But the devices' popularity is growing; indeed I am seeing them everywhere. Just yesterday I sat next to a woman at my local Ford dealership who was reading a book on her iPad even as I held a text message conversion with a good friend while reading the news from CNN and NPR.For me the device fulfills several different functions I have been meaning to purchase in separate devices, like an e-book reader, portable music player for my master bedroom, and electronic photo frame. Why buy all three of those devices when the Apple iPad does all three functions in one neat silver (albeit expensive) package? And since buy my iPad in the Fall of last year, the uses for the device have grown tenfold, until now, it is almost indispensable.Now Apple has released the iPad 2 and those of us who use the original are throwing them over for the next big, or should I say smaller thing. Since this new one was for the business I work for I decided to do a one for one replacement of the one I already used for testing purposes; in other words I ordered an "iPad 2 64GB Wi-Fi/3G" version.The "iPad 2 64GB Wi-Fi /3G" FactsOn the surface the iPad 2 is not demonstratively different from the iPad Original. Featuring a Dual-core (Apple designed) 1 GHz A5 processor, the 1.33 pound (1.34 pounds for the 3G) iPad 2 is notably thinner than the iPad Original, though the screen size stays the same. The other big changes: two camera, one rear facing, the other front facing now ship standard with all models; and the graphics are reportedly 9 times as fast.No matter what hardware version (Wi-Fi, Wi-Fi/3G, 16GB, 32GB, or 64GB) you chose the Ultra-Portable, iPad 2 64GB Wi-Fi/ 3G is a simple device with very few moving parts. The power button sits on the top of the device on the right, while a standard 3.5mm headphone jack is situated on the far left. Along the right edge of the 0.5" thick iPad you'll find the screen lock/mute and volume control switches, while the bottom of the 9.56" long device is reserved for speakers and the USB/power port. The USB port is proprietary so, no, like the iPad Original you cannot plug a USB memory stick into it, but with the provided cord you can plug it into your computer and into an outlet to recharge the device.The "iPad 2" (also available in black and white body styles) can be had with 16GB, 32GB, or 64GB of memory, and all iterations are fitted with a 1GHz Apple A5 custom-designed, high performance, low-power processor. Internet connectivity is through either Wi-Fi (802.11a/b/g/n), and or 3G: UMTS/HSDPA (850, 1900, 2100 MHz) and GSM/EDGE (850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz). Bluetooth 2.1 EDR is also provided with either configuration. A 4G model of the iPad2 has not been announced.The 9.7-inch fingerprint resistant LED-backlit glossy widescreen multi-touch color display offers 1024x768 resolution and can display multiple languages and characters simultaneously. The IPad 2 is fitted with an ambient light sensor and the device supports 576p and 480p with Apple Component AV Cable; 576i and 480i with Apple Composite AV Cable and 1024x 768 with Dock Connector to VGA adapter.The back camera can be used for HD (720p) video recording of up to 30 frames per second with audio, as well as still camera with 5x zoom. The front camera can also be used for (VGA) video recording of up to 30 frames per second with audio, as well as still camera pictures.New Apps that ship with the iPad 2 include FaceTime a real-time video chat application that allows you to calls someone else's iPad 2, iPhone 4, new iPod touch, or Mac over Wi-Fi and establish a video chat session. The App will not work via 3G. The other new App is Photo Booth an application that allows you to take pictures of yourself with various effects.Audio playback response frequency is 20Hz - 20,000Hz and the iPad 2 supports the following audio formats:o HE-AAC (V1)o AAC (16 to 320 Kbps)o Protected AAC (from iTunes Store)o MP3 (16 to 320 Kbps)o MP3 VBRo Audible (formats 2, 3, and 4)o Apple Losslesso AIFFo WAVThe iPad can view the following document types:o Images (.jpg, .tiff, .gif);o Documents (.doc and .docx (Microsoft Word), .txt, .pdf, .rtf);o Web pages (.htm and .html);o Keynote (.key);o Numbers (.numbers);o Pages (.pages);o PowerPoint (.ppt and .pptx)o Outlook Contacts (.vcf);o Excel (.xls and .xlsx)Re-syncing with iTunesThe iPad 2 will sync up whatever Apps, music, Podcasts, movies, etc., connected/ associated with your iTunes account and currently on your iTunes desktop. I was able to sync the iPad 2 to iTunes and like magic everything that was on my iPad 1 showed up on my iPad 2, sans the folders I had set up to group Apps in.Transferring My AT&T 3G AccountAll of the iPad 64GB Wi-Fi/3G devices I have purchased thus far use AT&T for their 3G service. There are two plans at the time of this review: $14.99 for 250MB a month data package and $25.00 for 2GB date package.A funny thing happened along the way to transferring my current 3G plan to my new iPad 2: AT&T killed (deactivated) the removable SIM card in the iPad 1. They claim they needed to, but I'm not so sure, because it makes no sense to me. Another (micro) SIM card can be obtained from the nearest AT&T store for free, though so stores may charge you $15.00, so check around. Once the new SIM is inserted into the iPad 1 you can set-up and activate the 3G service on the device.Note: unused data package byte (for lack of a better term), cannot be rolled over from month-to-month. Conversely, if your plan minutes run out during the month AT&T will not automatically anoint you with more; more minutes can be purchased from the iPad 2, but it is a manual process. However, the package will be renewed at the end of the 30 days, and continue to renew every 30 days unless stopped.Microsoft ActiveSyncSurprisingly, or maybe not so surprisingly, setting up the iPad 2 64GB Wi-Fi/3G to use Microsoft Exchange via Exchange ActiveSync is simple and easy; all told it took less the two minute to start receiving my business e-mail on the device, and there does not seem to be a limit to the number of devices associated with a given ActiveSync account.After I established the connection via ActiveSync I verified inbox functionality by reading, responding to, forwarding, and moving, e-mail. The iPad 2 64GB Wi-Fi/3G even allows you to choose whether or not you want to download your business contacts and calendar; sweet!And once connected I am able to control password usage, minimum and maximum length, age, complexity, and expiration via an Exchange ActiveSync policy. The policy can also control other aspect of the iPad 2 64GB Wi-Fi/3G's including third-party e-mail account creation; Windows SharePoint Services and Windows File Shares access; message size limits; attachment downloading, as well as a host of other security related features and functions.Word to the wise: Exchange ActiveSync policies, limited as they can be configured to disable a number of features on the device including camera, Bluetooth, and Wi-Fi. And yes, utilizing ActiveSync I can even wipe the iPad 64GB Wi-Fi/3G from the Exchange server, and as long as the tablet remains a part of the ActiveSync policy it will continue to wipe every time its powered on unless it is either removed from the policy or the check mark is removed from the radio button instructing ActiveSync to "Perform a remote wipe to clear mobile device data."VPN AccessThe iPad 2 64GB Wi-Fi/3G has VPN access and it actually work quite well. There are three options: L2TP, PPTP, or Cisco IPSEC. Like Exchange ActiveSync the VPN functionality was surprisingly easy to set up and get going, all one needs to know is what information to plug in and away we go!VPN took less than a minute to set up and configure, and once complete I was able to log into my company Intranet and thanks to some (free) Apps I was able to RDP into my workstation from the iPad 2 64GB Wi-Fi/3G; again, sweet! Yes, the lack of makes maneuvering around the desktop somewhat challenging, but I could still get around the desktop and use it. Note: there are paid versions of the Apps I used that offer crude mouse functionality.Like all of the network components on iPad 2 64GB Wi-Fi/3G VPN can be togged on and off at will.First Impressions:Like my personal iPad 1, I really, really, really, like the Apple iPad 2 64GB Wi-Fi/3G I have been testing. Naysayers aside this thing is cool and I am happy to own one and even take it out in public! I love being able to take my favorite book(s) with me when I am on the go, and I have the ability to stop at a Wi-Fi hotspot and plugging into the Internet in order to read the latest news, get the weather, run an application, etc.But, I really like the fact that I can take the lightweight iPad 64GB Wi-Fi/3G with me everywhere and still gain access to my pre-selected books, magazines, music and images, not to mention a seemingly endless supply of useful applications. And let's not forget the Internet and business e-mail.Today while was waiting in line (yes I said line) for my dealership to open up so I could get me car serviced, I brook out my iPad 2 and started watch videos on Vevo; now how cool is that?Setting up Wi-Fi is easy enough; the antenna is always on and looking for new connection. I set up the iPad 2 64GB Wi-Fi/3G to use the secure wireless setup at work; I typed in the pass-phrase via the incredibly handy keyboard and surfed the Internet; simple and easy. Since I bought the iPad 2 64GB Wi-Fi/3G I have taken it out frequently to places that offer free Wi-Fi access and in only one instance did I have an issue connecting. Nice! And even then I effortlessly switched to 3G and, instance access.ConclusionsLike the iPad 1 before it the iPad 2 is the must have device of the decade, period! Not a day goes by when I do not use it for something. I love the portability of the device, the ease of use, the utilitarian nature of the unit, thanks in large part to the plethora of Apps that can be down loaded and utilized for the tablet.Is the iPad 2 64GB Wi-Fi/3G ready for the enterprise? I say yes with a few caveats; chief among them is the inability of the tablet to truly manipulate Microsoft Office Applications without the assistance of the Documents-to-Go application ($9.99). Second is the inability to truly mirror the iPad screen on a monitor, however with the Apple Digital AV Adapter that can be changed. Video can be presented onto the screen--via an HDMI connection. Lastly, is the lack of available USB port(s) or a memory card reader that will accept memory devices and help you keep files organized on-the-go, as well as the ability to truly turn the iPad into a mobile office. As it stands now any document you want to work with must be e-mailed and then opened. However, the iPad was never marketed as a laptop, or laptop replacement, so...Not that these problems cannot be overcome, but they are limitation that a laptop and even netbooks do not suffer from. However, hands down, the Apple iPad 2 64GB Wi-Fi/3G is a performance winner, and one heck of an e-book reader! Yes, the entrance fee (799.00) is steep, and enterprise customers will have to think long and hard at the cost, however the iPad now has a certain "cool" factor that is hard to escape. The more large enterprises adapt the iPad and find practical uses for it, the more popular it will become in the hall of corporate America.So far the iPad 2 64GB Wi-Fi/3G has more than lived up to my expectations and I have fun testing the limits of its ability to operate effectively in the enterprise and personal environments.
tablet|I have always owned Windows operating PC's so this IPad 2 is a whole new experience for me. I am venturing along with it & am now fairly comfortable with using it for basics. I purchased it because it was available with Verizon which I think will be a great way for me to use a computer when I travel without the need to seek a hotspot, somewhere. I doubt that I will use it or any computer to run my life with but browsing, e mail & reading books on it is great.I bought the IPad 2 rather than the newer model as my needs do not justify the additional cost just to have the latest model.
tablet|IPad in the shape it was described. We have had NO problems with it at all! It was a b-day gift for my son and he hasn't stopped playing it. No noticeable scratches or dents. All extras came as described. We really like the case and skin that it came with.
tablet|I never got the IPad 1. Actually at first I thought it was nothing special. I saw it as an ITouch but a whole lot bigger and no cameras. But when my sister showed me her IPad 2 (and 1). I was convinced this was a great product. So first chance I got, I got one.Its everything I expected to be..the good stuff I mean...unlike the original IPad this has 2 cameras (vs 0) is thinner and faster. I was able to watch videos in near picture pefect quality. Its so easy to carry or just sit and hold.There are some problems. Even though it does have cameras...most of the time they feel like a cheap camera you buy at a dollar store. Also no Flash on it, so some sites wont work.Overall its a great Tablet, yeah there are cheaper tablets out there but only apple has a program where getting viruses and impossible.Pros:-Size-Can never get a virus-Video quality-Speed-Can easily be held and carriedCons:-Cameras could be better-No Flash
tablet|Apple online offers free engraving. There is a saying "nothing in life is free. Guess what, free engraving means you CANNOT RETURN IT. So, I wait a month for it to arrive. It looks delicate and expensive and I am excited to use it. I can't get it to work. I HAVE TO DOWNLOAD Itunes to register it and get to work. I get it to work and then the WIFI at my home and work and everywhere else is locked so I have to buy some service. I buy the 250MB. Yes, I know it is not a lot but I have a computer at home and at work; this was just for play. One day later, I HAVE only 40 MB left. I had to buy the 2GB service.I call Att and complain about how slow the device is and how the data usuage is disappearing even though I am not using the tablet. Att informs me that basically I have to reserve use for "special occasions" and go look for WIFI service. In lieu of that, I would have to keep paying for more data usuage.At that point, I am thinking what??? I pay $800.00 for this thing and now I have to come up with $25.00 a month and I have to limit my youtube use and netflix use or else I am going to have an overage fee.In addition, my service is slow because Att in my area is slow and oftentimes I have to turn the IPAD off to try to get it to work.If you are buying an IPAD, make sure you know what exactly you are getting. I didn't understand that and now I am stuck with it.UPDATE: I highly recommend this book to people trying to figure out the IPAD2My iPad 2 (covers iOS 4.3) (2nd Edition)I don't know if it is just MY Ipad2 or what, but videos are not clear on my Ipad2. I can see the videos and they look nice, but they are not clear. It is easy to take pictures, but they too are not clear. The volume and audio sound is outstanding though--very loud and clear.I must add that the Ipad2 is LIGHTWEIGHT but the item is much too delicate. For $829.00 they should include a protective case for free; this thing is too delicate to be out on its own.
tablet|I was given an iPad 2 for Mother's Day this year and it is truly one of the best gifts I've ever received! I have a large family, and every person here uses the iPad on a regular basis. It's been in use for the last 5+ months from morning until night and I am still delighted and amazed with it.I'd never personally owned a tablet before, or an Apple product, but we have multiple computers and all manner of electronic devices in our home and most people would consider me and my family to be techies. Because we have laptops and desktops and netbooks and smart phones, I didn't think that a tablet would particularly add to our level of connectivity or productivity. I was so wrong.Upon opening my iPad2, I was instantly struck by its thinness and its simplicity. There was just the tablet and a charger and a small, welcome pamphlet. I turned it on and it gracefully guided me through setting up my wireless connection. It offered me a tutorial, but I was too excited to bother with that. I was surfing the net within seconds because the interface is so intuitive.By now, there are loads of reviews that go into detail about the cameras and other hardware featured on the iPad2 so rather than bore you, I will focus on some of the real world ways this tablet has changed the way we do things in my home.As a homeschooling mother of a 9 year old, this tablet has made the best things about learning at home even better! The battery life is so good that we keep it with us all over the house. No need to worry about being near a power supply or booting up time or any of that. The iPad 2 is always connected, always ready. There are literally thousands of amazing apps, many of them free, that enrich my child's learning day. He is working on improving his handwriting and using an app that lets him write right on the screen! If he makes a mistake, it prompts him to try again until he gets the hang of it. Math, reading, journaling, science, anatomy, astronomy, geography, music - there's an app for that!Having the iPad2 has meant that whenever my son wonders about something or asks a question about something, we have the answers right in our hands. Remember when you didn't know how to spell a word or a definition in school? Remember how the teacher told you to go look it up? This is like that, only a thousand times better because there is no walk of shame past the whole class to the big dictionary. My son looks up things all day long just because he WANTS to!There are several exceptional music programs that feature an electronic keyboard. My favorite cost a couple of dollars and my boy is now playing music. It translates well, too, because I have a piano and he is able to play tunes he learned on the iPad on our full size piano.Of course, there are games, too. Lots of them. This has been a real boon when we go on road trips. Even though there is no wi-fi in the car, my son has loads of apps to keep him entertained until we reach our destination. No more asking "are we there yet"?I have a 15 month old granddaughter who is becoming very iPad saavy, too. It amazed me that even a young toddler quickly grasps the concept of icons and different apps doing different things. She actually knows how to turn it on and choose the correct folder to find the Fruit Ninja app and successfully launch it and play! There are several other games she enjoys, as well as some delightful alphabet games and story book apps. She also enjoys having us take video of her with the iPad and then play it back for her.I generally have it with me in the kitchen at meal times because I can look up a recipe and have it in front of me while cooking. Or I can watch a movie with the Netflix app while baking or preparing more complicated meals. If I didn't have a Kindle already, I would be using the Kindle app to read ebooks, too. Thanksgiving won't be nearly as tedious for me this year because of my iPad.I now take it with me when I travel instead of my laptop because it fits in my purse! I got a bluetooth keyboard to go with it so even when I need to type a lot, it's no problem (although the virtual keyboard is responsive and quicker to type on than you might think). I spent several days at a hospital with a friend and the iPad allowed us both to keep up with email, google for further medical info, and even watch a movie. I've discovered that there is wi-fi almost everywhere! (That's good because I didn't choose the 3G version.) My friend was so impressed that she bought an iPad as soon as she got home!Even though the device is almost fantastically thin and elegant, I would caution you to purchase and use a case all the time with your iPad. The screen is plenty tough but I have read many, many warnings about dropping it on one of it's corners, which results in the screen shattering. A case is good insurance and many of them feature the magnetic on/off, which conserves battery charge while protecting your iPad when you aren't using it.Other nice, but not essential, accessories are a protective screen film, a capacitive-style stylus, and an extra charger/car adapter. If you will be using your iPad as a replacement for a notebook on a regular basis, a wireless, bluetooth keyboard is nice, too. But other than a good case, the iPad2 needs nothing else to be up and running straight out of the box.Highly, highly recommended.
tablet|Ok, my rating is a compromise, in terms of working exactly like its intended to it should be 4.5 stars or so, in terms of how it replaces things like a kindle, a smartphone or notebook, its maybe 1 star. I really wanted something that would allow me to ditch the laptop and use this on travel. Its not happening, functions are too poor, touch screen keyboard is not tactile enough to use for any real typing, Safari browser is cumbersome to use, can't read the screen in even normal daylight so doesn't replace my e reader at all. No real spreadsheet functions or presentation modes. Too clumsy to take noes on. The only things it replaces laptop for are movies or videos and even then the battery life is pretty poor. As far as I can tell I really got sucked into buying one from the hype. On the other hand I use my smartphone (iPhone) constantly and it also replaced my mp3 for traveling. A case of a product making your life easier. I'm going to give the tablet to my daughter, I'm sure she will use it, but I havent really found a useful role for it
tablet|After playing around an iPad2 in the Apple store, I did a little research, made the leap and bought one.Before I placed my order, I had a few questions about which one I should get: Black or white? Would 16gb be enough, or should I go for 64gb (since it's not like you can add memory to it later)? Or maybe I should take the moderate middle road and get 32gb? I had definitely decided on WiFi, not because 3G doesn't appeal, but because I don't need another monthly bill. What about the Apple-refurbished iPads? Are they as good as the new? Is there any tangible difference? If these are the same questions you have, I'll try to flesh out these answers in detail -- as well as what the iPad is good for -- and what it is decidedly not good for, and what a dedicated PC-user (like myself) should expect from a first-time Apple purchase.THE SPECS:So, Question #1: White or black? I was instantly enamored by the white. It was so... different. And that is the reason to go for white. Perhaps the only one. However, the reasons not to go for white outweigh this almost immediately: Primarily, the contrast of the white does in fact make the screen appear less bright and vibrant (I noted this in the Apple store) and there are reports of light-leakage. I went for black, and have no regrets.Question #2: What size? This was probably the question I spent the most time on, and I felt as if I couldn't get a really good answer for it. Some people seemed to find 16gb to be more than enough, while others said even 64gb wasn't enough. I almost bought the 16gb, but ended up compromising and getting a 32gb refurbished from Apple for the same price as the new 16gb. And I'm really glad I did, because I've already used more than the 14.4gb -- which is the usable space available one the 16gb.The 16gb, I've discovered, would have been ideal for someone only using apps and browsing the internet. Forget using it for music or movie storage, it's just not happening. On my iPad I have about 80 apps currently, consuming 5.6gb of space. Contrast that with the 1300 songs I have on there which are taking up about 8gb of space, and you'll see what I mean about 16gb being an apps-only device. So, if you already have an iPod, say, then it might make sense to get the 16gb.The 32gb is ideal for apps and storing a moderate music library, something I never would have anticipated using the iPad for -- but it turns out, I always have my iPad in my car, and find it much more convenient overall than my CDs. I've even gotten rid of an old stereo I used to play CDs on in the house. They're just kind of obsolete once you switch to storing tunes on an i-device.The 64gb, I imagine would be perfect for storing a little of everything: Music, movies and apps. I'm actually glad I didn't go for the 64gb, as I'm perfectly happy with YouTube or streaming Netflix for a nominal monthly fee (more on this in a moment).Question #3: Is a refurbished iPad as good as a new one? Although I don't have a new one to compare, I'm going to say yes -- with one minor caveat. The refurbished iPads have new glass, a new back cover, a new battery, the same 1 year warranty, and go through the same rounds of testing that a new iPad goes through (if you buy from Apple directly, of course). And when you think about it, why wouldn't this be just as good as getting a new iPad? After all, even a new one could have flaws that might become apparent in the first year of ownership. There aren't guarantees with any device, and when you can knock 20% off the price and make a vote for recycling electronics -- better for the Earth -- why not do it, right? Oh, and the caveat? There are a couple of times I have come across some settings that were clearly from the previous user which is... a little odd. Nonetheless the pros outweigh this, so far as I'm concerned.All, told, if I had it to buy over again, I'd make precisely the same choices as this time: Black, 32gb, wifi, refurbished. So, onto the device itself....__________________________________________________________________________________________________________________THE IPAD:This is my first i-device, and I have always been a PC (Windows) user in the past, so it's an entirely new experience to me. I bought it primarily because when laptop shopping I ended up getting a fantastic deal on this behemoth of a wide screen laptop. Not portable at all... so what about when I'm at the coffee shop or the bookstore and I want to tinker around, check my mail, Facebook, etc. Here's where the idea of getting an iPad came in for me. I wanted an easy-to-carry, reasonably-sized, aesthetically pleasing (and here's where the competing devices were blown out of the water) device to fill my portable computing needs.Interestingly, some of the things I initially bought the iPad for are the same areas where the iPad falls short. I knew there would be no flash capability, and so expected this. In truth, it's not been much of an issue, and YouTube is way better on the YouTube-dedicated iPad program than it is on my flash-enabled Windows 7 laptop. But its the simple demands that are over-complicated by the iPad. Email is a bit tedious. Like the way that you can only delete one item at a time, see one folder at a time, can't do certain things like 'star' an email to make the level of importance or permanently relegate something to a junk mail category. Note: This refers to the included email program, but even if you do your email through Safari there's going to be a lot of awkward pinch-zooming to awkwardly replace the awkward lack of functions in Apple's email program. Similar issues arise with the Facebook app: It's hard to see who's online, for one thing. I can't share a story from someone else's wall to my own, and most infuriatingly -- if I post a comment, and hit enter too soon (easy to do with the on-screen keyboard layout-- backspace and send are way too close to one another) I can find no way of deleting it -- aside from opening Facebook in a browser window and trying to navigate the too-small text and awkward formatting, when this should be a an obvious and simple maneuver on the iPad app for Facebook. This is true of many apps that replace simple browsing, from eBay to Amazon to social networking. Most are beautiful, well-laid out, and missing at least one (often more) necessary function. And speaking of function, while zooming is a simple task, cutting and pasting is beyond annoying -- so much so that I often say 'hell with it' and don't bother copying things I otherwise would have. Apple needs to overhaul that function.It is the aesthetic beauty of the iPad that rescues it from a lesser star rating based on the lack of functionality inherent in some its apps/programs. I tried the Kindle Fire in the store and found it to be visually lacking in comparison -- and much slower as well. Meanwhile, the iPad is lightening fast with just about any task you set forth to do. It makes my laptop with better specs look like a dinosaur in contrast. The screen is breathtakingly beautiful (and unless you're trying to close out lots of open apps, incredibly responsive). It's so fun to just look at that you will find yourself wanting to store a photo library on there just to view the pictures on it. I love having pictures of my kids to show off on here for the older relatives at family get-togethers. It's definitely better than a traditional photo album -- and that sentiment comes from someone who is rather old-fashioned about anti-technological items like physical photo albums. Side note: My 300 moderately-sized photos are only eating about .5g of space. Another side note: The camera, while not graphically amazing, takes some of the speediest photos I've encountered with a digital device.Just as the iPad is able to display unparalleled beauty with photos, its video display is equally amazing. Since I care little for large-screen televisions, watching movies on here has actually made me consider getting rid of our two televisions. Netflix is convenient, the resolution and sound are perfect, and although the selection for streaming is quite limited, it fills our equally limited television needs. I haven't watched a single show on the television since I received the iPad, but I have watched the entire first season of Downton Abbey -- at my own convenience -- which was quite a luxury.Lastly, the apps that are built *specifically* for the iPad: The games (like Contre Jour, Angry Birds, Cut the Rope), Garage Band, and Drawing Pad are awesome toys to have on hand --and affordable (as well they should be, considering the cost of the device itself). There are endless free apps to play around with, download, play with a bit and often delete -- occasionally saving the really exceptional ones. This is a great bonus to owning the iPad. My husband has an iPod touch, and the apps are far more interesting on the iPad.There are even a number of educational apps that I didn't expect. I'm not one for computing for kids in most instances, and we stay away from all that LeapFrog and VTech madness -- instead opting for books. But I've been so impressed with apps like Solar Walk and Star Walk that I've been willing to make an exception. They're magical, and present really difficult concepts like the universe in a understandable way.Despite the iPad having some glaring flaws, I would buy it again. I believe now -- as I did when I chose it -- that it is the best tablet available. I can't stress how much I love perfection of the display. I've been pleasantly surprised by the unexpected things which it has been so handy for. I'd have loved to have known about its flaws in advance, which is why I write this review -- I hope someone else will go into their purchase feeling more informed and confident about their decision than I felt when I ordered mine. But if I had it to do again, I am pleased to say I'd make the same decisions all over again, so it was an easy 4 stars.
tablet|I thought about getting a tablet a hundred and seventy eight times before finally buying one. I have a couple of laptops and a mac desktop so I wondered if I really need one. I know it isn't that expensive to own but then I also had 2 iPod Touches. So basically I was going to get the iPad 1 first but then they came out with the iPad 2, I waited several months and then like any man who hates indecision I decided to get a tablet. The choice was simple. I was used to the iPod Touch (4th generation) and thought this would possibly be similar. I was worried it would sit in one corner of my house. To clarify I never needed an iPad, what I did like however the most was the speaker on it. You see, i'm big on music and wanted something that can behave like a traveling jukebox. Besides watching a film when I'm on an airplane won't be a bad idea either. I was sincerely considering getting the Samsung Galaxy 10.1 but then I knew this thing has been the best selling product of all time so I decided to get it anyway. I've had it for a little over a month now and in the following points i shall speak of the features, some unique and share my findings with you.UNIQUE FEATURES OF THE IPAD 2 -1. At 9.7 inches of diagonal length and brightness that is nothing short of being called exquisite one would imagine this thing to have an average battery or a good battery but the battery life is extraordinary. I use my iPad for a couple of hours daily and I must say that despite music playback, wireless data transferring to the iPad from my mac iTunes library, this thing lasts me for at least 5 days. This is remarkable. I can give you the best device in the world as a manufacturer but if the battery life isn't good what good is it to keep charging it. It does take a very long time to charge mind you which tells you that it's gonna last you a while. For some bizarre reason I like to charge this with my Mac. Charging using the wall outlet is slowly getting primitive.2. The speaker is amazing, it's loud and clear but you have to know where the speakers are placed and it's very important or else it will hamper your experience. Sometimes you have to hold it in your hands to make sure the sound output is ideal. Does it work well placing it on a flat surface glass or wood? Yes. What do I use the speaker for? iPod. At 16GB this is just about enough for me to carry a contemporary selection of music and films with me. Does it sound good while browsing internet pages? Yes. Youtube is exhilarating to say the least. Also only selected Facebook videos will work because many are not available on mobile devices so if something doesn't run on your iPhone or android phone, it may not run on the iPad. Fair trade.3. There are two cameras, both are sub par for 2011 but if you're sitting in a dimly lit room and have washed your face, it may just somehow take a nice photo of you but I seldom take pictures from it. I like to record 30 second to 1 minute videos and email it directly to people. I always keep it connected with my wifi. This is really convenient and is a NEW WAY for me to keep in touch. I never did this with my mac or my iPhone. Also please note an interesting thing here, if your video is too long, your iPad tells you that you cannot send it owing to the large size. I have not gotten into the whole editing video and cutting it thing so what I then resort to is UPLOADING IT DIRECTLY ON YOUTUBE. Great feature though quality is to be compromised slightly.4. The iPad 2 weighs less than the iPad 1 by a significant amount. This shall be reason enough for people to upgrade or maybe you guys can wait for the iPad 3 to come out in April next year (random estimate)5. While typing on the iPad is a breeze for "novices" and "intermediates" it is not ideal for a super fast expert typer. Having said that I don't use it much for typing. I am much faster on my phone than I am on the iPad. I have noticed i am able to type best when I am not holding the tablet in my hands and it is resting on a surface. Now I have installed a invisible shield for it because it liked to keep a daily account of fingerprints. Did I find an ideal one? No. I also use an invisible PLASTIGLASS thing for the back which I found on Amazon and found super amazing. The back is so smooth even with this accessory. I find the leather cases a little too pricey and there are several available but I find them kind of obstructing to the design of this iPad and a little cheap so I don't use.6. Great company on an airplane - While I am always fidgeting with this device when it's playing something, the device makes for great company on an airplane provided you have an "mp4" type file to play back on it. You can easily install it using iTunes. But if you have an avi file or a divx file I don't know how to play them or transfer them. The iPad doesn't work as a USB STORAGE device so it won't show up on your finder (or my computer) when connected. There is no way for a user to save files by dragging and dropping. WHILE MANY ARGUE over the relevance of such storage, I believe the absence of it helps in keeping things organized and we all could do with a little less clutter. iTunes works beautifully for transferring stuff. I have noticed on all apple platforms (iPhone, iPod, iPad) that uploading a picture to Facebook involves more steps than on Android. Infact in certain cases Apple makes you buy an application to upload files to Facebook for the iPad. I find this cheek quite amusing but I take it with a pinch of humor. While playing back video you can tilt the device in any which way you want and the screen tilts that way. The video output is superior and the tilt helps so it makes sure your fingers don't keep smacking into the headset jack when headphones are attached.7. Browsing - Yahoo looks utterly brilliant on the iPad. I love to go once a day and simply look at their news features. Most search engines have specific websites for the tablets to access em and it looks super. My friend has a Xoom and he loves his tablet and is always talking about it but I see a sincere longing in him for an Apple iPad. The interface is unmatchable whether you are browsing, playing back a video or a song, the iPad wins. I do not use this as a task keeper so I don't bother with office utilities and all. Neither do I edit videos on the iPad but I believe there are inexpensive solutions available. I read about them all the time on Macworld. Browsing on the internet, watching youtube videos, being on Facebook - it all seems flawless on the iPad. Much better than using a computer or an iPod or a phone. This is where the iPad truly shines. The font and the brightness I repeat is flawless and magical - nothing like i have seen in a dozen years of computers.8. TRANSFER - With the new ios 5.00 and iCloud I can actually send music, video, pictures to the iPad or play them back on my mac without connecting. Another big significant improvement. Now if only I could charge it wirelessly :)9. Are you thinking about getting the 32gb version? Don't. The 16gb is just fine - for applications you won't need more. Multi-tasking is very easy and truly mastered on the iPad as opposed to the relevance on an iPod or iPhone courtesy of the big screen. Yes there is no flash support so I can't watch imdb trailers directly on the iPad. I have found applications which allow me to download music directly for free on the iPad - I am sure you will too. Netflix works flawlessly on this. I have put 740 songs on it and three films and have 35 applications installed but I still have 3GB remaining. After watching this film once I delete it to keep it free for another. This way you won't need a bigger iPad but if you do the difference is just $100 + Tax. I have also found that there exist many solutions for iPad users to wirelessly connect the iPad with a wireless storage hard drive. The expansion options are super. So take a look into that but I strongly advise getting just the basic 16gb version. I have a 64 gb iPhone and 64gb iPod so maybe I am so adamant on the uselessness of a higher storage iPad too.10. Miscallenous - It works with bluetooth, the iPad is light, unique for browsing, unique for youtube, ultra fast, multitasking is beautiful, you can play music or pandora while browsing, you can also switch the screen off and it will continue singing to you for several hours, the battery life does justice to it's perfections, the cameras are ok, i never Skype using it or i don't use FaceTime cause I don't know many people who do that. I like to carry it in my 13inch laptop case logic bag when I have to. I haven't dropped much water on it because i like it too much to be clumsy with it. No headphones or instruction manual is shipped. It took me roughly 30 minutes to set it up by connecting with my mac. It comes with a decent amount of charge so you can go 4 hours of playing around with it right out the box.I want you to look at all the above mentioned points and ask yourself if this is a notebook replacement? Obviously not. Because it has no physical keyboard, hdmi out, usb slot but if you are a casual browser, you can invest in this first and use it within the first 30 days to make your mind up. Apple is good that way. Overall - this is by far the best device i have ever used. It beats my iPod, iPhone, android phone, old blackberry, my mac desktop (close 2nd) , my ASUS laptop, my tv, my xbox, my blu ray player, my cameras and even my iron. Good luck. Don't buy the white one, get the black one.
tablet|We are now the proud owners of two (2) iPad 2 tablets. We have one white 64GB WiFi/AT&T 3G and one black 16GB WiFi.My family all pooled together to buy my son his iPad 2 (after they saw how he was responding to my 3G version). Unlike many children with autism, my son has never been very computer or technologically inclined. His interests have always been with physical and tangible objects and interests (not a bad thing, at all)... but we strongly suspected that the iPad touchscreen would change all of that.There are some remarkable apps for children with Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) - some of which (fortunately) we don't need to use, since my son is very verbal. That having been said - I have watched how the iPad is completely transforming the lives of his peers who are not very verbal. Since this isn't a review of the apps, I won't write a whole book about the great apps - except to highlight three that perform really well on the iPad for my son: 1) the "First Then" schedule - you can use stock photos, photos you take, or grab them from Google images; 2) Stories2Learn where you can make your own social stories using photos you take; and "Look in My Eyes" a game that makes your child look squarely into the eyes of images of children (there is a secret number displayed) that needs to be entered on a next page to get "prizes".Okay - so now a review of the iPad itself...For the 64GB wifi/3G model - I swore I would only use it for my son and myself... that I wouldn't get sucked into using it for work (since I am the one who paid for it... right?). Okay, well that plan lasted all of 3 minutes. I have all of the attachments now: the VGA connector (used it yesterday to put maps up on the wall during a meeting using our projector); the HDMI connector (which is genius - since it has a 2nd port to provide power using your own AC adapter - and I use this at home and at work to plug into the TVs/LCD displays); the USB and SD Card reader (which imports my photos from my Nikon DSLRs); and my sister bought me the bluetooth keyboard (which I thought would be superfluous - but since I AM actually using this for work ALL OF THE TIME - it comes in very handy). All of the Apple attachments work great. Yesterday, I received a cheap non-Apple 2100 mAmp car charger from Amazon - and it works GREAT. Charges, and I'm not afraid of my iPad battery frying!So, let me get to the two negatives - since that's why YOU are reading this review - right? You want to figure out what is wrong with this thing... if anything. The honest truth is that the cameras STINK!!! Totally, and completely. So, why give it a 5 star review, right? The cameras WORK for the purpose that I wanted: to use facetime to call my sister who lives overseas... and for that - it works passibly well. Not in low light. NEVER in low light. So... I adjust. Don't call Asia with the lights off! Problem solved, solution found! Trying to take photos with the front or back camera - also not great. REALLY HORRIBLE in the low light conditions I just mentioned. YET - when you take photos outside in the sunshine - they are actually quite decent. I'm a photo snob, though - so nothing that didn't come from one of the Nikon DSLRs is suspect to me... DO NOT BUY THIS IF YOU ARE HOPING THIS WILL REPLACE YOUR COMPACT DIGITAL CAMERA. My Blackberry phone camera is a million times better - and I still think that THAT stinks.While I'm on the subject - let's talk about Facetime. Apple - it's a great product. I really love it. HATE that I can't use it on my iMac at home unless I upgrade to Snow Leopard - which I have no intention of doing. Glad my son now has his own iPad 2 so that I can call him when I'm at work or on the road... So others who are reading this understand - the Facetime App is a billion times better than the Skype app. Apple made Facetime to work on their computers. Period. As such, it takes those not-so-great cameras I just mentioned, and maximizes their abilities and functionality. If you can call someone Mac to Mac - use Facetime.What else don't I like: the cost of all of those add ons I mentioned. Seriously!?!? My choice to buy them. I will stop my rant.What I HATE: the smartcover. It's horrible. Don't waste your money on the smart cover! It's not smart. I bought the orange - and it's already dirty in the ridges (remember I take this everywhere, and to work... and I work as a project engineering overseeing large dirty and messy job sites) - but the orange was already a sick creamsicle color, but it is just lame. It doesn't always "snap" to the edge with the precision shown in the video commercial. Just buy something else. Or save your money. I am waiting for the Otterbox Defender to come out - since I now realize how much I will travel with this.Everything else - I love. The list is long, and I won't bore you. As a child, I dreamed of such a device... and it meets almost all of my desires and wishes for a non-human user interface. The AT&T 3G is good enough, don't know if Verizon would have been better... I will always question my decision. I can watch Netflix - but it doesn't hold coverage on my trainride... but then again, my cell phone from Verizon doesn't either. There are lots of "dead zones" on my train ride to work. When I'm stationary - in the woods, at a restaurant, in a store - the AT&T signal is typically strong enough to handle the most demanding streaming.Visually, this object is a stunner. Physically, this object is a winner: it feels great in your hands, is responsive to the touch, and it makes everyone want one...I recommend that anyone who has time on their hands buy one. If you don't have time on your hands, don't buy one, since you will never sleep..... that is my woe...
tablet|
tablet|I've postponed this review for a few months -- waiting to see how useful it would be after the newness wore off. So, the verdict is in:I put it in a black leather case and deliver sermons from it every week (written on a Mac and transferred to the iPad by "Print to PDF" at A5 size straight to a Dropbox folder, then transferred on the iPad from Dropbox to iBooks. It takes about 20 seconds). I prefer the iPad to printed sermon notes and wedding outlines because it's more easily hand-holdable, I can use a custom color scheme at no extra charge for ink, the print can be very large, I'm not wasting a bunch of paper, it's lighter, smaller, and more portable than a large-print Bible, and when talking to people after church I've got access to my calendar and address book so I can schedule appointments, get contact information, write reminders for that week's staff meeting, etc., -- all while standing in the foyer greeting members and visitors.I've also used it for presentations by connecting it to a vga projector input at the podium and utilizing the mirrored display. You aren't limited to Keynote for that although it does work well. But I've found it just as useful with iBooks, Bible software, and even YouTube player. The portability is fantastic -- disconnect the video adapter, slap the cover closed and walk away.Daily uses: mileage and expense tracking, keeping track of contacts, calendars & notes, video record-keeping, listening to Texas Rangers baseball broadcasts, web surfing, investment management, reading papers and books, and navigation. It's my favorite device for reading and responding to most emails.It can stand in for a computer in a pinch, which it had to recently when my laptop was put out of commission for a few days by a lightning strike. Using various apps most of the data I need on a daily basis is automatically synced wirelessly between the iPad, iPhone, and MBAir, so I still had my complete calendar and all my appointments (iCal/Google combo), access to all my email (IMAP gmail), all my notes (Evernote), vital documents (Dropbox), and the ability to research and write sermons, articles, and class presentations. It's capable enough that I can get by with leaving my laptop at the office most evenings. Yea!It's far more portable than even my MacBook Air. It's small and discrete enough to take into restaurants, tuck into the console in my car, and take into hospital waiting rooms without appearing insensitive to anxious family members. Instant on and off means you can pick it up to glance at the weather radar, or check an address, or take a note as easily as picking up an iPhone, but the size makes it much faster and easier to enter and view information. It's also large enough to share information with others around you.I use it daily and would replace it within a week if I lost it. 5 stars.
tablet|If you're deciding whether or not to buy an iPad 1 or iPad 2, you may want to read this first. I've had an iPad 1 for 9 months. Before I bought it, I doubted how much I would use it. It had no hard drive, USB connectors, DVD player, camera, full keypad, ability to load major business software apps, ability to play flash-developed graphics, and it did not have much storage and memory space. I wondered how it could be useful to me, since I had many Apple products - Mac Pro, Macbook Pro, iPhone, Mobile Me, Airport, Time Capsule, etc.To my delight the iPad provided 100x my wildest expectations. Once you start using it for searching the Web and researching just about everything you do, you realize how much more you can get out of the Web and Internet every day. You begin making tons of use of the Web and it makes you become way more productive in life (home, autos, service providers, education, children, parenting, illness, job, professionally, etc., etc., etc.). It ends up becoming an extension of your hand, mind, and life. It doesn't take you over, it merely helps you with everything you do.Email is also a different experience using an iPad. You find yourself no longer reading email on your phone or computer. You end up having your iPad with you, no matter where you are. Email is extremely easy to read and is organized in way never thought possible. I bring it in stores, theaters, healthcare providers, hair salon, work, lunch, and e v e r y w h e r e !! it's way too easy to use and to make you much more productive.All this, and I haven't even gotten to the thousands of extremely useful and productive apps, movies, podcasts, music, etc., available (via iTunes). You can have every type of app, from sophisticated business intelligence dashboard software to first class presentation software, to science, astronomy, and tons of world-class games. All in addition to the new extension to your brain and hand (mentioned above). So, don't get hung up about USBs, DVDs, and hard disks. You can get a VGA cable, external camera connection cable, and a myriad of cases and multi-use devices. You will not even want your regular computer after a month. iPad 2 brings us to a new level, with two cameras, 2x the speed, thinner/lighter, and great new OS features. If you try an iPad for 30 days, you will never want tp be without it. I do not sell iPads and I have NO affiliations with Apple or their resellers. Load the Auryn Ink app and use a Nomad brush. You'll swear you were really painting on a canvas.Transformed from iPad slayer to iPad bigot.
tablet|For anyone out there who is considering whether or not to make the leap and purchase the iPad 2, this review is for you. If you're still debating between the iPad 1 and the iPad 2 check out my review of the first generation iPad right here on Amazon to see a discussion of its strengths and weaknesses with a number of people commenting (both positively and negatively) over the past 11 months.Let me begin by saying this upfront, I don't work for Apple, I don't own Apple Stock, and whether you buy an iPad, Xoom, a laptop or a pad of paper and pencil I don't get anything for writing this. I'm not an Apple "fanboy" although I can give credit where credit is due and lately Apple has deserved a lot of credit for some of their products.Physical CharacteristicsThe iPad 2 is absurdly thin. More importantly than it's thinness is its tapered edge which feels more natural in your hand. One of the biggest complaints about the original iPad was it really wasn't tremendously comfortable to hold for long periods at a time. For a tablet device designed to be held, that's a pretty big deal. Apple really has done an amazing job of cramming everything into an even smaller space than before and the difference is really noticeable when you're holding the device. In addition to the tapered edge, Apple managed to reduce the overall weight of the iPad 2. That might not seem like a huge deal to most, especially when you consider the weight difference isn't tremendous when you're already under 2 pounds, but I spend a good part of my day holding the iPad in my hands and the weight difference is surprising by the end of the day. The first generation isn't heavy by any means, but the iPad 2 outshines it.New and "Improved"Apple doubled the RAM in the iPad 2 from 256MB to 512MB. What does that mean? For most casual users, probably not a whole lot. There is a performance bump that everyone will see the effects of in things like loading times for webpages that are open in the background, but 256MB was sufficient for most daily use and games. If you're planning to use your device for some of the more graphically intense games the iPad 2 does offer a better method of graphics processing that'll help deliver faster images with fewer jerky movements. If you're just playing Angry birds and reading e-mail you're not going to know the difference.The screen is the same for all real purposes. It is technically a "new" part in that it isn't identical to the old, it's a bit thinner and more efficient, but it's the same resolution. The Glass is thinner though, and this amounts to a fair bit of the weight loss from one generation to the next. In playing with the device it seems surprising but despite feeling lighter it actually feels more sturdy in your hands. I still wouldn't suggest dropping it, but if it were to fall the iPad 2 certainly feels like it might stand a better chance to survive. Try not to drop it though.The addition of 2 cameras was expected. Some were a bit surprised to see the first generation released without the cameras. Whether it was for a price point consideration, or a means to get people to upgrade, Apple held off until iPad 2. The cameras do a reasonable job, but they're not going to replace a dedicated digital camera, or really even the camera on your phone for most still images. The cameras do a substantially better job with video, and FaceTime is probably one of the best reasons to get the iPad 2 over the original iPad. For those who might not be familiar, FaceTime is Apple's face to face conferencing system, kind of like Skype, or if you'd rather, kind of like the Jetson's TV/Phone. With the push of a button you can be having a face to face chat with a loved one just about anywhere in the world (provided they're on a wireless network at the time). FaceTime doesn't work over 3G natively (it can be used over a wifi connection created by a 3G device however) so you're not going to be able to use it in your car anytime soon. This is probably a good thing though. It is incredibly easy to use and if you know other people with an iPad 2, iPhone 4, or Mac it's a lot of fun.Smart Covers aren't really "smart" but they're really very useful. Not only do they provide a stylistic enhancement of the device, but they serve a practical and functional purpose of doubling as a screen protector and stand in 2 configurations. You can find them in a variety of colors and from third market suppliers, and it's a safe bet that more will be out soon to capitalize on the magnetic sensors in the iPad 2. It's unfortunate that this same feature can't somehow be retrofitted to the iPad 1, I wouldn't have thought a case would be a compelling reason to consider a product over it's competitor, but these covers are really so useful it's hard to understand why they've not been there since the beginning.Multitasking SupportOne of the biggest knocks against the iPad when first released was the lack of native multi-tasking support. Jailbreakers added the feature quickly and Apple soon realized it would be a requirement for any future device's success and released an OS update that included the feature. The iPad 2 capitalizes on that progress and takes it a step further with the increased RAM enabling more open applications to be suspended at once, and the time to open or close an application has improved as well. That said, even the first generation managed to open and close apps faster than most people would be used to on their computers, so while this is an improvement it's more akin to showing off.AppsOne thing that Apple has clearly the advantage in for the moment is app availability. The App store has close to 70,000 iPad specific Apps, all of which will work on the iPad 2. The new cameras will undoubtedly see this list expand rapidly, as will the inclusion of a gyroscope for gaming and motion based uses. There are also a substantial number of professional applications ranging from document creation to photo editing and vector drawing. Chances are if you can dream it, there's an App for that (and if not you might want to get started on one to fill in the gap). The Android market is making a strong showing, and ultimately it'll likely be a strong competitor, for now it still has a ways to go, but any potential buyer should consider the strength of the application market before buying a tablet.Pros:Weight. Seriously. The minimal weight of this thing is by far the most impressive feature about it in my opinion. It seems to defy physics and logic that so much could be in such a small space working that hard for that long.Battery Life. From full to dead my iPad 2 went just over 11 hours with the movie Robin Hood showing twice during that time, the screen at half brightness, wifi turned on, an Angry Birds marathon and a good portion of a book in ibook. That's better than a work day and that's constantly on.Books. This is definitely a Pro, but reading itself could go either way. The great benefit to the iPad is having access to Google Books, ibook, Nook, and Kindle. This allows for some comparison shopping and price competition (although for the most part they're all usually about the same). Reading in the evenings in bed is great as the back light means you don't have to worry about keeping others awake, but the glass screen causes some glare trouble when trying to read outside or near a sunny window. If you're an avid outdoor reader the Kindle might still be your best bet.Cons:Still no dedicated USB support. While there is a camera add-on that allows for certain USB devices to be used there is no option for mass storage. Some of the Android Tablets allow for this and if you find yourself wanting to use your tablet as a standalone storage device this might be something to consider. The device can read from certain flash drives though, but is largely limited to photo and video files. Jailbreaks offer solutions to this, but those come with their own issues as well.Still no dedicated SD card slot. This is troublesome on two fronts. First, if you want to import pictures from your camera you have to have an adapter which is just one more thing to carry around. Second, the lack of expansion means you're limited to what you purchase in terms of storage. I purchased a 32GB iPad last time and never filled it up completely, so for me capacity wasn't an issue. If you want to be able to have your entire movie collection with you though... you may want to consider whether the iPad 2 can meet your space requirements.HDMI output. Really this is a Pro and a Con. The iPad does allow for HD output over HDMI but again it requires an adapter. All of these adapters are additional purchases for features that some tablets offer built in. This can be a pain, but then again if you're not likely to ever use HDMI Output then you're not paying for something you won't use.No Flash Support. This is becoming less and less of an issue as the internet and web developers are moving away from Flash for many websites, but there are a lot still out there relying on Adobe's Flash to run properly (including a lot of web based games). Before you pick a tablet consider what kind of websites you frequent and try and determine if they are Flash driven or not. If they are you may really want to consider something from the Android offerings as it is expected that they'll have at least some Flash support.If you're in the market for a tablet device the iPad 2 should definitely be on your short list. If you're uncertain it is always best to go and play with these things hands on first if you can. Best Buy is a good place for that, so are Verizon Stores since they have the Xoom and 3G iPad. Don't get pulled into the hype and mania that comes with an Apple release. They're exciting and new, and they're impressive enough to warrant some excitement, but it will die down and there will be other products that prove a strong competitor to the iPad 2. If you're looking for right now though, this is probably your best bet. I gave the device 4 stars, as I did the iPad 1. I did this in contemplation of the features offered by competitors that are absent from the iPad, most notably the requirement for adapters for USB/SD/HDMI. While these features are there, they aren't as convenient as in other tablets. With that in mind I firmly believe that the iPad more than makes up for this in usability, reliability, and design and in those areas far exceeds its current competitors.
tablet|People need to be aware that the reviews you see for the iPad often reflect the old Mac/PC platform wars with some people making comments who simply don't like iPads from a distance, without actually owning one, because they see it as part of the deplorable Apple mania they find so distasteful. They're entitled to their opinion, of course, but it is unfortunate they skew the evaluation of this product without the deep acquaintance one needs in order to give it an insightful evaluation.I have taught computer science at the college level for 26 years and have had computers with all kinds of operating systems. I don't own Apple stock and have never known anyone who works at Apple. I therefore have no connection to Apple.I have had my iPad for about a month and read a fair number of reviews before I purchased, spent some time using one at the store, and thought about what I might use one for, in contrast to my laptop with which I am well satisfied. People too often think of computers in terms of hardware, the specs and looks, instead of the software and the functionality. You should ask yourself, "What will I use this for that solves a problem I would like to have solved?" Software is always more important than hardware, even though it is the hardware that makes an impression.The iPad is not a laptop and is not principally a production computer, that is, a computer on which you are going to develop web pages, do serious graphics editing, or write a book. You could use your new Taurus to tow a trailer, but that is not what it is designed to do well. These things can increasingly be done on an iPad, but I don't believe they will ever be what it is best at. It is a portable media machine with an inviting touch interface that requires a somewhat different set of skills, which take a modest amount of time to learn. Surfing the web, checking email, watching movies, playing games, looking at new cars, reading the Economist magazine, all work better on an iPad than a laptop. It does these things very well indeed. There are now 80,000 apps for a wide variety of activities--given its design intent. The apps are either free or reasonably priced, so you can get a bunch from the "app store" for little investment. As with Amazon, you can see what other people think of an app before getting one.This would be a splendid acquisition for small children, for teens deep into social networking, for an adult wanting to drop into the love seat for a quick look at what is happening in the world, for a senior citizen who wants a simple, inviting system with few hassles, to stay in touch with grandchildren. The iPad is not a light laptop; it is instead a different way to use computing to do a wide variety of consumption and communication--not principally production.In my experience, its wi-fi is adroit from one environment to another. It "knows" where it is geographically, scans its environment for wi-fi, and accesses wi-fi seamlessly. At this point in time, we should expect no less. I cannot address the 3G communications since I have a wi-fi only (I am not convinced of the value of the 3G and I can use my phone as a hotspot). I have never had it crash, though I have had to back myself out of apps that seemed to have no logical next step. This was the result either of my ignorance or the fact that there is less of a standard user interface from app to app than there is in classical GUIs such as OS X and Windows.For the laptop lugging road-warrior, it should be noted, this is not going to be a full replacement. I now take my laptop and my iPad when I go into the college. But much of the time there, I use my iPad because it is so light, convenient and useable. I use it to teach my classes and often reference traditional texts from the iPad instead of lugging them along to class. I develop my own web pages on my 27" desktop which is the right environment for such development; I wouldn't expect to do that on an iPad. In education (and evidently in medicine), it is proving to be a real boon. The enterprise situations where portable information access and transmission are critical will find this a compelling solution. The heavy Photoshop user or music track editor will still need a conventional computer, either laptop or desktop.I purchased the 64GB version, which may be more storage than I need. But since it will drive my 50" screen downstairs I figured I would begin to load lots of pictures and favored music, so it may prove a wise choice in the long run. It can swallow up entire evenings with the music-augmented slide shows it can do. In fact, you may begin to wonder if you need cable TV. Conventional content providers should be worried about the iPad since it provides yet another way for the user to determine viewing experience. But if you are still drawn to cable, it makes a fine remote control.Before people evaluate this new kind of computing, they need to spend a month or so with it to identify what it does well and what would be better left to other kinds of computing solutions. I fear some of the evaluations here (both glowing and critical) are not well informed and so do not serve the readers well. So read these reviews with a critical eye.October 18 2011 Update:I continue to find my iPad remarkably productive and productive in ways I would not have anticipated. It does indeed redefine how we can use computing so that it does the work we want to do with minimal impediments. I now leave my laptop at school and take my iPad back and forth since 80 or 90% of the time the iPad does all I need to do. I use it 3 or 4 hours a day.I just ordered my wife an 11" MacBook Air with the larger RAM and storage, which might seem to contradict what I said in my review. I don't believe it does for the following reasons. She needs to do serious editing of Word documents for the volunteer work she does for the college and still wants the joys of a 2-pound piece of elegant hardware. She is an excellent typist and likes the feel of the Air's keyboard. A keyboard can be added to an iPad, but it's a kludgy add-on that compromises the point of the iPad: an ultra-light slim, touch-interface device that does most of what traditional computing does without the impediments of mouse and keyboard and weight. The 11" Air is a gem of engineering with many of the advantages of the iPad but it is more capable of the production I spoke of in my review since it is a full OS X Lion machine--so it is fully capable of running traditional production software such as Word or Photoshop or, for that matter, Windows.The Air and the iPad illustrate the difference between a consumption device (iPad) and a production device (Air). Much of what is appealing in the iPad can be had in the Air, but at the cost of an additional several hundred dollars. It's not the solution I want since I don't want the keyboard getting in the way when I want to curl up with a consumption device in my favorite love seat or use it to assist my teaching in class. My wife prefers the Air since email and other typing-intensive production activities are so important to her. In a word, the iPad is distilled essence of computationally assisted consumption.I guess we will give the phrase "mixed marriage" new meaning!
tablet|I have purchased both an iPad2 and Xoom for different family members. I thought it worth comparing the two devices for anyone interested. Many of my comments are subjective so bear that in mind when reading the review.External appearance and feel:The iPad2 screen has a different feel from the Xoom screen - the iPad2 is a bit slicker, less likely to stick when moving short distances. The screen on the Xoom tends to show fingerprints more than the Ipad2 for some reason. Everyone in this family thinks that the iPad2 looks sharper than the Xoom.Both weigh 1.6 lbs. Subjectively, the Xoom feels heavier than the Ipad2, but it's an illusion perhaps caused by it's slightly smaller size. UPDATE: I need to learn to use the scales - the Xoom is about 3 ounces heavier than the iPad2.Both have a similar size screen, measured diagonally. But the aspect ratio is different - 4:3 for iPad2, 16:9 for Xoom. This means that the iPad2 actually has a larger viewing area, and this makes a real difference when scrolling through a web site. The iPad2 screen is brighter than the Xoom screen.Hardware performance:The Xoom feels a bit faster than the iPad2, and the specs show that it is faster. Both have dual core processors based on ARM designs. The Xoom seems to be able to handle graphics better than the iPad2. As far as connecting to Wifi networks, both seem to have this one down pat - they both just work.User Interface:The iPad2 is just like a big iPhone. Whether this good or bad is subjective. For me, it's good - polished, flexible and can be customized to my needs. The Xoom user interface is totally new, and unfortunately it shows - there are many rough edges. Some examples: moving icons around to group programs together is not intuitive and they keep moving back; you can see the first 5 applications running on the Xoom and select one, but the list doesn't scroll so applications that don't show in the list can't be selected; you can't close applications (except by a force quit that can lose data) as the Xoom decides when to quit an application; customization is possible but more difficult than the iPad2. In short, the Xoom user interface is a work in progress - great potential but currently quite flawed.Operating System:The iPad2 uses Apple's IOS. It works, but it uses cooperative multitasking which (in theory) is less effective than the full multitasking on the Xoom which uses a version of Google's Android designed for tablets. In practice, they both work fine and I doubt anyone would notice the difference.Applications:iPad2 has 70,000 apps available from the Apple App store and it also runs the 300,000 apps available for the iPhone. Xoom currently has around 60 apps and it can run Android phone apps (but they are stretched in one direction which makes them look strange). Some of the iPad2 applications are pretty impressive - GarageBand for example. There are many games on the iPad2, and just a few games made for the Xoom. If this doesn't improve quickly, the Xoom is sunk. After all, applications are generally the reason people buy these devices.Browsing:Because of the screen aspect ratio that I mentioned, I prefer browsing on the iPad2. The Xoom has Adobe Flash and the iPad2 doesn't, but so far I haven't come across a single instance where this has been an issue. I'm sure there are very many sites not compatible with iPad2, but I haven't browsed to one of them yet.Camera:I don't use the camera much, and I'm not really sure if either is better. In the family, the Xoom owner says the Xoom is better, the iPad2 owner says the iPad2. The Xoom has flash and iPad2 doesn't which is a win for Xoom, but the Xoom seems slower to take a picture.Speakers:The Xoom has two small speakers, iPad2 has one slightly larger speaker. The sound is somewhat better quality on the iPad2 and the Xoom cannot achieve the same volume as the iPad2. But they are both pretty poor - use earphones or an external speaker if you want decent audio.Battery life:Difficult for me to give an exact comparison, but based on family usage it seems the iPad2 has the edge here, but not by much.Internal storage:The Xoom has 1GB of RAM and 32 GB of flash storage. The iPad2 has 512MB of RAM and 16GB, 32GB or 64GB of flash storage - I bought the 64GB model.External storage:The Xoom has an external card slot that supports SD cards, but the software was not ready in time for the product release. The slot is inoperative until Motorola releases an operating system update. The iPad2 has no external storage support.User Experience:The iPad2 was up and running quite quickly. I connected the device to iTunes and it automatically updated to the latest version of the operating system. I was then able to select and download Apps immediately and start using them.The Xoom was not so easy. For some reason, I was not able to install the latest version of Google Maps or Adobe Flash. I was able to download the apps, and the install process appeared to work without errors, but the new apps just were not installed. After some time trying I finally returned the Xoom back to the factory settings and started again, and this time both the installs worked. Of course, this wouldn't be a good solution if you had a ton of applications and/or data on the device.Support:Apple has their retail stores. You can get a huge amount of help from these stores from people whose only job is to support users. Both iPad2 and Xoom users have web sites available that support their products but you have to spend the time digging for the sites and digging through the sites. You can also purchase an Applecare support package which gives you a couple of years extra support for the iPad2.Bottom line:I believe the Xoom hardware may be slightly better than the iPad2 (apart from the screen aspect ratio and the speakers), but the software is terribly lacking. The Xoom was released FAR too early, it's just not ready for primetime.If I had to pick just one, I'd pick the iPad2 - less hassle, apps for everything, better browsing experience, better support options. The Xoom needs less buggy software and more applications; it has potential but it's not there yet. And by the time it gets there, there will be something better available.Update 7/5/2011We have now had the two devices for over 3 months. During that time Motorola released an update to fix some of the issues with the original Xoom. It's somewhat faster, the problem of only seeing the first 5 applications is fixed, there are some extra capabilities for USB, and most importantly, the Xoom doesn't crash every few hours.However, the biggest issue with the Xoom is still the number of applications available to run in native tablet mode, as opposed to running Android phone applications. I've read that there are 300 applications available, but it's hard to find them. The Android Market doesn't distinguish between phone applications designed for a small screen and tablet applications. You have to read the description of each application to see what it is designed to run on, and finding 300 apps in 200,000 is very time consuming. Apple claims to have 100,000 iPad specific apps in their store.Another problem with the Android Market is the complete lack of supervision. I understand that anybody can put any application there without any review, and I've read there have been a few problems with malware. Recently I saw an article that claimed there are spyware applications on the store, which worries me a little. I'm not saying you can't get malware from the Apple store, but Apple does look at the apps first - I'm not aware of any malware getting into the Apple store.The iPad2 does have some downsides I wasn't aware of when I wrote my review. It would be nice to have a general purpose USB connection and a card slot. There is an extra-cost adapter available from Apple that supplies HDMI out and a limited function USB connector. Also the keyboard attachment made for the original iPad doesn't work on the iPad2.For us, the iPad2 is the winner. The Xoom is sitting on a shelf and I don't think it's been used over a week now. In contrast, iPad2 is in use every day and continues to be a big hit. The primary problem with the Xoom is the lack of tablet-based applications.Update 7/7/2011The Xoom has been sold to a colleague who wants an Android tablet. I think the Xoom is better than most of the Android tablets currently available. However, the Honeycomb software feels so unfinished, and the paucity of available tablet-based applications was a major issue. I lost several hundred dollars on the sale, but nobody wanted to use it and there was no point in letting it lay around unused. I'm already under some pressure to buy another iPad2, but I want to wait to see if the rumors of another iPad version in September are true.
tablet|First things first: I consider myself relatively unbiased on Apple products. I received the original iPad as a gift (which I was able to return once I saw the iPad 2 announcement) and I have an old iPod 4th gen with color display which is still going strong after a few years, but aside from that I typically use Windows PCs and my phone is Android.If you don't have an iPad, and you're trying to decide whether you want one or not, ask yourself: What will I use this for?This is meant to be an overview for the uninitiated, since according to initial news reports, 70% of people who have bought the iPad 2 so far didn't own an original iPad.Advantages:If you want it for web surfing, a portable Netflix or other video screen, gaming, or FaceTime/Skype video chat, it's definitely adept at all of those things. I used to read books and magazines in my bed before going to sleep, and I still occasionally do, but now I've found that surfing with the iPad is just as convenient and relaxing.The iPad is all about the apps, many of which greatly expand the native capability of the iPad. You can get Microsoft Office clones, remote desktop, second screen, calculators, alarm clocks, remote apps for cable boxes and disc players, and more. Some are free, many are not. I'll get into some of those a bit later, but keep in mind this isn't intended to be a review of apps. If you want to see what's out there, you can search the App store on the web or in iTunes. If you expect the iPad to be able to do something not in its specs, check the app store first.The only difference I've seen with the iPad 2 is that now there are a few games out there that are optimized for iPad 2, or have improved iPad 2 modes. Lots of games are free and those that aren't occasionally go on sale. The only two I've bought are Scrabble HD and Dungeon Hunter 2 HD, both when they were $1 each. (I've played many more free ones.) I recommend both. Dungeon Hunter 2 HD is a great 3D game that tries really hard to be Diablo 2, with character classes, customization, and online play. It looks great and has never crashed or had a framerate stutter. The iPad 1 had problems with crashing and low framerates with games occasionally, and this version seems to be a much better gaming system. That's the only big difference I noticed between the iPad 1 and iPad 2 so far though.For me, having a huge array of apps to play with, many of which are free if you don't mind ads here and there, and the convenience of being able to web surf without having to drag out my laptop makes this worth having. Plus the battery gets 8-10 hours on a charge, which is a far cry better than any laptop I know of. It's a great e-reader for airplane travel, even really long flights, though you can't use it on take-off and landing of course.Wi-Fi performance is flawless and the range is excellent. More than once I've pulled up in the driveway and before I'm even in the house, I've heard my iPad's ESPN ScoreCenter app go off to inform me of a score. I can't speak to the 3G quality, though, as I don't have that model. Frankly, I don't think most people need it. If I'm out of the middle of nowhere and need the web for something, I'd much rather pull out my phone than the iPad. If you just have to use the iPad, tons of public places have Wi-Fi these days.If you want to be able to print things, you might think at first that you need an AirPrint compatible printer. Fear not! A simple Google search for "AirPrint any printer" will show you how to configure your PC or Mac to broadcast its printers with AirPrint. I have Brother and Canon printers and they both worked with it. It took some time to download and install the AirPrint service and then configure printer sharing options on my network, but that was a far cry better than buying a new printer or an expensive printing app! Still, I've found that my printers occasionally disappear from the list, and the only way to get them back is to shut the iPad down completely and power it back on. Annoying.Limitations:The iPad 2 still doesn't support Adobe Flash. Some websites are adapting to this and adding HTML 5 video. Many aren't. Keep that in mind if you're a heavy web video user. I love to watch web shows like the Nostalgia Critic and the Angry Video Game Nerd, and most web show hosting sites are still in Flash. Also, some sites have flash menus, making them completely unusable to you if they don't have a mobile version. It's this that prevents the iPad from being a true laptop replacement, regardless of how much you spend on apps. I still end up having to fire up the laptop to use several websites I enjoy.The screen is supposedly oleophobic but gets fingerprints all over the place in mere minutes of use. I find that extremely irritating. If you feel the same way, get a screen protector like the ZAGG InvisibleShield (though if you get that particular one, be VERY careful when you install it, it's extremely difficult to get it on there with no air bubbles). You will thank yourself when all it takes to clear fingerprints is one wipe, plus it protects from scratches to boot. To get fingerprints off the screen itself took vigorous scrubbing and left streaks, which needed isopropyl alcohol to remove. Also, in direct sunlight, the glare off the screen makes it hard to see. Add fingerprints to that and it's practically impossible.Although the iPad 2 has two cameras, one on the front and one on the back, I haven't found much reason to use them other than for video chat. The cameras are terrible quality and the iPad 2 just isn't portable enough to drag around everywhere for camera usage. You can get an excellent digital camera for $150 or less, and most smartphones have much better cameras than the iPad has. Use one of those instead.If you don't own a laptop, don't expect the iPad 2 to do everything a laptop will, especially if you plan on doing any work-related things. Office applications are not included. Pages, Numbers, and Keynote, which are like Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint respectively, are available for $10 each. I don't own them, but apparently they work reasonably well. However they are not 100% compatible with Microsoft Office documents, especially if you have more complicated formatting, macros, or animations that don't translate directly. Plus, the virtual keyboard is a bit more tiring to type on and definitely hinders typing speed. I average about 45-50 WPM on it, where I can get 80-100 WPM on a normal keyboard. You can be a little lazy with it to increase your effective typing speed, though; you can leave out apostrophes or required capitalization and the iPad will nearly always fix it. That also mostly takes care of my fingers occasionally hitting the wrong keys due to the lack of tactile feedback, but I still end up having to go back and fix words sometimes. Also, sometimes it fixes things that don't need to be fixed. It always seems to correct "its" to "it's", but what if I mean "its"? I know the difference!A lot of other features that you would expect a laptop to have are not here, though, or cost more. For example...- You can give slideshow presentations or display video on external monitors, projectors, or TVs with it, but that will cost you $29 for a VGA adapter plus the price of a cable and DVI to VGA adapter (monitors or projectors), or $39 for an HDMI adapter plus the price of an HDMI cable (newer TVs), or $39 for a composite or component video cable (older TVs)- You can transfer photos from a camera directly without having to use iTunes, but that will cost $29 for a camera adapter kit- The iPad is terrible at file storage for things other than music, videos, photos and apps, and with no USB or SD card slot, can't easily use external storage. If you want to store documents or need external storage for anything you'll need a file management app to keep track of them, and an online cloud file storage service like MobileMe (expensive) or Dropbox (free but limited to 2 GB, or pay for more)- Where you can just close a laptop to protect its screen, you'll need a case to protect the iPad. I highly recommend getting one. To save some money, try a cover/case intended for iPad 1, assuming you don't care that the rear camera will be covered up. A lot of them still fit and work great, such as the Griffin Elan Passport for iPad - Black, and since they're for an old model they'll be discounted- You can watch videos/TV episodes/movies on it, but unless you bought them in iTunes, it's a big fat pain to find a converter for them and transfer them to iTunes. This is especially annoying for DVDs/Blu-Rays that have digital copy. You've already paid for the movie and have a digital file but you can't transfer it to your iPad without having to jump through a ton of hoops or buying expensive programs or apps! Not all media companies have this problem, though. When you redeem a digital copy from Disney, you can choose to get an iTunes version, which is perfectly compatible with the iPad. I have Up, Toy Story 3 and Wall-E, and getting them on the iPad was hassle-free. Conversely, Warner Brothers only offers Windows Media versions of the Harry Potter series for digital copy. Transferring to iPad is possible but you need to find programs that remove the DRM, resize to iPad resolution, and convert to Quicktime format. Good luck with that.Despite all that, the iPad 2 is worth getting if you can spare the cash, and more importantly, if you anticipate actually using it. I don't think it's worth getting for games alone, but if you're a gamer, there are lots of great, cheap games out there. Many of them are even multiplayer, though I haven't tried it, since most of my friends don't have iPads and interoperability between iPad and iPhone versions of games is slim to none (board games like Scrabble and Carcassonne tend to support iPad/iPhone interoperability though).The thing is, though, I got this as a gift. Would I have gotten it if I actually had to plunk down the $500+? Honestly, probably not. The lack of many features without having to buy expensive apps and accessories is a real deal-breaker for me (and subtracts a star from my rating). Plus, though I understand why Apple doesn't like Adobe Flash, they really need to get over it since there are large parts of the web that don't work without it. It may be bad for battery life, but why not just have the option to turn it on and off as needed, then? Still, if money is no object for you, it's a slick, entertaining device, and you'll enjoy it quite a bit. Just don't expect it to replace anything you already have; the iPad is in a niche market that the iPad itself created.
tablet|SUMMARY: White iPad 2 64GB Wifi-onlyA really wonderful electronic device for media consumption with some moderate content creation potential. This will likely change as more apps focused on content generation are created. I find myself using it more and more simply because it is "always ready" and small enough that it is always near. If this device had a better file management system and a more robust way to share printers it would have gotten 5 out of 5 stars. As it is, the iPad 2 is a solid 4 star device.DELIGHTERS (Current features that exceeded my expectations)FORM FACTOR: Thin and comfortable to hold. Small enough to toss in a bag or carry around the house so you find yourself using rather than trying to "remember" to do "that thing" the next time you're at your computer. Still has some weight to it (1.3lb) so prolonged reading in certain positions will cause fatigue.APP ENVIRONMENT: Really excellent variety and quality of applications for a broad range of uses and a broad range of prices. Also plays nice with content providers like amazon kindle, Google docs, and lots of news outlets.SLEEP MODE: It is seemingly "always ready" as it wakes from sleep very quickly.HDMI OUT: Granted there is a $40 accessory required it is nice to have the option of showing what's on your iPad 2 to a larger audience.iOS: Overall the operating system is "cleanly" designed, features are easy to navigate and find.PROCESSING SPEED: Remarkably quick to load apps, web pages, pdfs, etc.SATISFIERS (Current features that met my expectation)HOMESHARING: Being able to share my iTunes library (music, movies, podcast, etc) across my wifi network is wonderful and saves space on the iPad 2.SCREEN: Bright, good touch sensitivity, "flips" between orientations well, handles pictures and text with aplomb.PRICE: Reasonable considering the competition but nearly high enough to justify a "real" laptopAUDIO: Speaker is quite good for a handheld device, placement in portrait mode ends up in your lap but you can invert the iPad so not a huge deal. Also speaker faces rear of device instead of forward meaning you need to crank it louder than maybe otherwise necessary if it were forward facing.BATTERY LIFE: Battery holds up well even after a day of heavy usage, charges up easily over night. Can go 2-3 days without charging with moderate to light usage)WIFI: This simply "works". turn it on, detect a signal, and go. No messing around with complicated network settings.ONSCREEN KEYBOARD: Its responsive and surprisingly easy to use. However, scrolling to a separate numbers keyboard and lack of a "tab" button really disrupts workflow.DISSATISFIERS (Current features that did not meet my expectations)FILE MANAGEMENT: File management on the iPad is Byzantine. You use iTunes to "attach" files to apps or email them?PRINTING: Unless you have an AirPrint capable printer (new hardware to buy) or one of a handful other printers you will need to use the atrocious "file management" system above to get the docs on you computer to print. Double whammy of pain!CAMERAS: The two cameras are adequate for video chatting but taking stills is a joke. True I wouldn't want to shoot a lot of birthdays holding an iPad but I would like to use a program like "GeniusScan" to photograph documents for later reference. The 0.7Megapixel camera is capable of "barely legible" documents.COST PER GB: Paying >$3 per GB ($100 more for 64GB than 32GB) is nearly twice what you'd pay per GB for the difference in a stand-alone USB thumbdrive.TOUCH NAVIGATION: Ok so this is a general criticism of any touch device and there is no way to get around it really. Having "grown up" using keyboards and mice to interface with computers I am having to learn how to do tasks differently. Press-Hold, Swipe, Two vs Three fingers. All for tasks I was so used to doing with a Tab or Right-click.WISHLIST (features I'd like to see in the next-gen iPad)Touchscreen: The capacitive screen works fine for many things but writing notes with a "fat" stylus isn't one of them. Having a touch screen that doesn't require the "fat" stylus would greatly improve handwriting and note taking.USB or SD Card ports (never gonna happen as Apple uses memory as a price differentiator but it doesn't hurt to dream)Retina displayInfrared receiver/transmitter (Can anyone say universal remote!)GPSCheaper 3G antenna: $130 bucks extra for a 3G receiver plus I gotta buy a plan? ugh.Smartcover: Would like to see this included in the price of the device
tablet|If you're considering a tablet, the only rational choice is the iPad 1 or the iPad 2. Anything else you there is too expensive/too buggy/lacking support/etc. As someone who owns a desktop but no laptop, the iPad 2 is just perfect. A laptop would often be redundant, though it would be handy for working outside of the home. With the iPad, I will use it all the time both in the home and elsewhere.I will try to add some comments that haven't been covered:* I find that 16gb is fine, though this may change if app sizes get much larger. I don't intend to store my music or a bunch of videos on this. Videos can be streamed, or added as-needed, and I rely on DropBox to store files - it lets me view and edit files between my desktop and my iPad.* Part of the reason the iPad is perfect for travel is that you can use it in any position, unlike a laptop, where you have to find a seat.* It won't ever got hot or overheat. Personally, I've had a couple laptops expire on me due to overheating. You always have to keep them on a firm surface so you don't block the vents. The iPad doesn't have these problems (I think that the Macbook Airs similarly will never overheat). You no longer have to grab a tray or giant book to set your laptop on when using it in bed.* Terrific value. All hype aside, the design, durability and capability of an iPad 2 is such that I would expect to pay much more. You can find a cheap laptop for the same price, and it will be capable of much more. However, the iPad will accomplish 95% of what you want to do on a computer, and will open doors (via apps) to new and totally unexpected experiences.* Browsing the web is better on the iPad. At least, it often is. It's certainly better to take your iPad on the couch than to hunch over a laptop on the coffee table. Though the screen is small compared to a desktop screen, it's equivalent to working on a bigger screen because of how close you will be. Scrolling and navigating a webpage with your hand is a qualitatively better experience than using the tools we've become accustomed to (mouse, trackball or trackpad). I guess that's why sci-fi movies always depict computers with touch interfaces in the future. Moving the page around and adjusting the size of everything by hand never gets old.* Just like with my iPhone 4, I rarely sync my iPad 2. I'm not a huge fan of iTunes. I can sync occasionally to back-up my apps. I don't use iTunes to manage files (again, I rely on Dropbox). Dropbox and Evernote are must-have apps on all my computers and portable devices.* Safari can use some work. I prefer the tabbed browsing, not having to switch windows. There are some alternative browsers (I bought 360 Browser, which is good), but Apple won't let me select those as my default browser. I don't use Safari on my desktop, but even if I wanted to sync my passwords and history, I don't think it'll let me (it will sync bookmarks through iTunes though). I really wish Apple would loosen up so that Firefox or Chrome would be available, and that one of those could be my default.* As cool as the smart cover is, I spent my money on a wireless keyboard instead. I really don't think the smart cover is going to make a difference as long as I take other measures to protect my screen. I may skip the HDMI adapter as well - it would be fun, but there is never a time that I will need to project my iPad on my HDTV.In summary, if you think you'd like it, you'll probably love it. If you are just kinda curious but content with your current set-up, you can save yourself the money. For the same price, you can get an adequate laptop running Windows 7. I think this is a great alternative though.
tablet|i bought this from apple because amazon didn't have it yet. I am middle- aged, love my nano, a kindle devotee from the first days, don't have a smart phone, and am a pc user. at first i was awed by the touchscreen and the resolution quality. images are gorgeous. but now, it is really annoying. too often the screen doesn't respond, and then reacts when you don't even know you're touching it. the word processing function has been limited and limiting from the start, for someone accustomed to microsoft.if you think in buying the ipad you are getting a compact, fast, light computer, you are not. it IS fast. a computer it is not. no flash player is definitely a hinderance. what it is great for is apps, games, (although the screen has been frustrating there too), watching movies and tv shows, some browsing on the internet, and as a portable photo album, because images are truly fantastic on the ipad. i find the screen very fatiguing on my eyes, and have the brightness level down almost as far as it can go. i would never dream of reading a book on it. kindle has nothing to worry about, as far as the ipad as a reading device. the fact i can't see the ipad screen outside, even in the shade, is also unfortunate, but i get it, that's a backlit screen.i am submitting this review not to bash apple, but to clarify a bit to people not familiar with macs and/or touchscreens what this device is about. would i buy this device again? not unless it sold for maybe $300. it is more a toy than a tool.
tablet|The iPad is an invaluable travel companion if you are a frequent travelet.Why do I preffer black vs white? If what you mostly do is watch videos on your iPad you want it with the black bezel because the video will blend with the black bezel and look larger than with the white it becomes kind of a distraction, this is the reason why most TV's in the market have a dark or a black bezel.Portability of this thing is amazing, Its light and its easy to lug around when you are traveling. Also the battery life is exceptional, I'm bad at keeping my devices charged up and I have done a couple of 8 hour trips and my ipad was stil kicking when I landed and a few days after, Im truely surprized.For those of you debating between the 3GAT&T, 3GVerison or the Wifi version, it depends on where you go to. I had the original 32 wifi only and I was very happy with it I noticed I got Wi-Fi access at a lot of places and I could also use the wifi hot spot on my phone to connect however, in recent travels I have been sent to middle of nowhere america where AT&T has no 3G coverage and hotels have no wifi (yes they are out there, hotels that still have no wifi) after I returned from my last trip to said location I decided I should get the Verizon iPad simply from the coverage perspective and since the 3G service is not on contract and the Verizon plans have more options I decided that was my choice. Now is this the best option for everyone, no! I think the 3G is just for a small amount of users the vast majority should be fine with a 16GB or a 32GB, if you know your way around the app market place and apps like Air Video Server and tools like DVD Fab and TVersity you dont need that much storage space on your iPad you can simply stream everything. Besides, I have a 32GB and I have 57 videos loaded in that 32GB iPad which if I watch 10-12 on a trip it is an overstatement, I'll watch a few on the plane but the rest, Im streaming from my Media Center at home or from NetFlix. When talking to people in line I was shocked at the number of people looking for the Verizon version when they do not travel, people if you are home most of the time just use your wifi, its cheaper and its faster! Another thing to note is that if you are an international traveller and want 3G the Verizon iPad is NOT Global wireless (so no 3G anywhere outside of the US) however wifi will work just fine.You will see people complain about resolution and such and honestly, I think the resolution is perfect, the iPad is not meant to replace your laptop or your desktop or your TV, if it was why they would have bothered with airplay? If you are expecting to dump your laptop because you got an iPad think again, if you just use your laptop for browsing pages and playing games then you might get away with it however if you expect to do Office on these, think again, until MS gets their act together and decides that IOS is another venue of revenue for them I will still need to carry my laptop around to do word/excel/ppt files. Lack of flash support has not bothered me, yes I wish I could see some pages however, Im not in to the too flashy stuff (no pun intended) I rather get the straight text and keep going my only gripe would be that when Im conected via WiFi I would like to get full pages and not the mobile version however that is not an iPad problem it is a server problem.Overall my score goes as followsComfort and portability A+Battery Life A+App Diversity and usability A+Interface A+Expandibility C (I dont need a USB port or anything like that however it is annoying that if I ever needed and expansion either I have to pay for an adapter or its not available)TV Out Support B+ (simply judging that for HDMI you have to buy the dongle)Cammera Quality C (who needs a cammera in their iPad anyways? Face time sure, rear facing meh)Other thoughts:Get a screen protector, I tried the Invisible Shield for my Gen 1 and hated it, the material removes the slickness of the screen and makes it harder to interact. I like the Splash screen protector, it is like its not there and it does make cleaning a bit easier.Get a case this thing is beautiful but if you would like to maintain its resale value get a case that cover both front or back or separate covers, I think the Vapor case hack is pretty interesting.Investigate tools like DVD Fab Video Converter (excellent for making iPad versions of your DVD's and BD's and it does take care of EVERYTHING for you from conversion to the right format to importing to iTunes) TVersity and Air Video for content streaming.Be realistic on your expectations, I know Apple calls their products magic and their user interface and experience is fenomenal however there are limitations as to what these things can do so try to make an informed purchase that you are happy with instead of rushing and then having something that doesnt meet your expectations. For me I was debating between this and a mac book air however for me since I have to lug around my work computer anyways this won.
tablet|My primary reason to buy an iPad was both work and home use. At work I wanted to stop printing the powerpoint decks and reports to read, and just read them on an iPad in meetings/on the go. For home I was tired of not being able to get to all my magazines and never having them on me when I wanted to read them. I also wanted to watch some TV/movies in bed/around the home so that I did not have to switch on the big living room TV. The iPad 2 has been a perfect solution for all these and more. I'm kicking myself that I went with the lowest 16GB version as I find myself downloading more content and apps everyday! It's not a laptop/desktop replacement either at home or work, but it's a great media consumption device and more.I already used my iPhone 4 constantly due to the multitude of apps and games available for it. Fewer apps are available for iPad but it's still thousands, and I have already downloaded 200+ to try, most of them free.The hardware itself is very slick. Very light so you can hold it in one hand, especially if you use a cover - otherwise it tends to be slippery. But it's not so much about the hardware, which other reviews have detailed anyway. It's all about being able to do what you want to do with a device. With the best technology the device itself should disappear and allow you to create, read, connect - whatever it is you want to do. That's what iPad 2 is doing for me, like a netbook never could. Using it is so intuitive and seamless, that despite having the iPhone 4, I am amazed with how much more I can do to be productive. I regret not buying it sooner!Like the previous devices Apple has created the genius is in the apps available for it. The PressReader apps allows me to read newspapers and magazines from all over the world. I can now read some favorite magazines that were so difficult to get in the print version and newspapers too. Apps like the Flipboard and Zite make magazine content come alive. Favorite magazines like Bloomberg Businessweek and Wired are available free as iPad versions to print subscribers. Also, all news magazines are now featuring interactive content, so I'm reading the news article and looking at static images, and then just as easily click on a video to watch it. The Daily is a good interactive made for newspaper but I'm looking for even better interactive journalism!"The Civil War" shows us what history books of future should look like with its interactive content and a daily log of events as they happened 150 years ago. Netflix streams nicely and I can watch the content I want to that bore my family to tears - like documentaries. I also download all my PDF reading materials on it and can read and annotate and highlight. Powerpoints are so easy to read and I can scale the screen to look at the graphs better. iMovie is so simple to use, and I've already created several home movies with music and subtitles. GarageBand is great for novices like me, it has a multitude of instruments that I can play and even has smart versions to create music. With penultimate and UPad I've been trying to completely do away with paper notepads, but that's not the perfect solution yet.With apps like Dropbox and Box you can drop your files into the cloud and access them from your iPad. Chatting over FaceTime or over Webex is simple, although it's entirely dependent on bandwidth. With other apps you can access your remote desktop and use every program on your computer or pull any file. I am using TeamViewer which is free for individuals to log into my home PC from work and check my files or run some programs remotely. It shows you your PC screen on your iPad and you drag your finger to move the mouse cursor and click. It's pretty seamless once you set it up, as simple as opening the app. I opened it one day from work to see my kid watching Youtube and surprised her at dinner when she told me she had been doing home work (ha!).Another made for iPad app I use a lot is the Tivo Remote. When I turn it on it automatically shows the program I'm currently watching on the iPad screen with more details and upcoming episodes. I can use the remote buttons or explore like programs, set my season passes, etc. And when I'm not home I can use it to record programs remotely. Xfinity from Comcast also allows you to schedule and watch your onDemand content. HBO GO is simply a delight, I am thrilled to have all the HBO shows available to me anywhere I go!I have been reading much more since I got iPad 2. Especially blogs, magazines and newspapers. That alone makes it worth it for me. And it's SO much easier to stream content like TED Talks, Lectures from YouTube, movies from Crackle and Netflix. I would have never wanted to sit down with my heavy and hot laptop for such prolonged periods to watch this content. There are some fun games available too, and every day more apps get launched which make me wonder how did I manage without this before!Facetime has been fun too. There are Qik (from Skype) and Tango, and several other apps available that will let you do video chat but since Facetime is integrated with email, you can just click on a contact's name and choose to connect through FaceTime. I can not only check on my kid on video through this feature (all they need is an iPod Touch and wireless) but also connect with friends overseas for free. And I can click their pics while they're on the call with me. Again this feature is dependent on video quality but as a multi-tasking mom it's been great to be able to connect any time in video from work to home. My kid will be listening to music on her iPod Touch and my FaceTime call comes in - and we're off talking face to face. VLC Player has been a great app to watch .avi and other videos. I had slightly lower res version of a TV series in AVI format and the VLC player allowed me to watch it on iPad, I prefer that screen to my HP Pavilion 17 inch which has worse resolution and tends to get too hot in my lap anywayBattery life was a big surprise for me. Mine lasts 10-11 hours on the WiFi model with full usage. That is amazing, I never carry the charger as it goes 2 days without charging. Love it! None of my laptops can compare!The frustrations I experienced with the iPad 2 was its inability to play Flash, which will not come any time soon due to Steve Job's dislike of that technology. However, a genius of an app called iSwifter has found a way to run flash on iPad 2 and I have been using it to watch video on websites that have flash content. However, it's still not as seamless as I would like it to be! The other is a more seamless way to store and organize photos and files. I can do this through apps but why not make this more seamless. If I have to delete photos there should be a select all feature to delete a whole folder.If you're on the fence about buying an iPad 2 go ahead and make the leap, you won't regret it. If you already have an iPad then hold on for iPad 3 as this version gives you some enhancements (faster, improved graphics, thinner, cameras) but nothing that is so extraordinary that you can't wait another few months!
tablet|The biggest change in our lives so far with the arrival of our iPad 2 is now that we have three of them, no one is without an ipad 24/7. You wouldn't think this would be a big deal but it is. It has eliminated all discord here plus the place is quiet as a tomb most of the time as each person is curled up with his own ipad. We are a husband and wife in our 60s plus my husband's mother who is 100 years old. She is curled up with the iPad almost all day long as her ability to do anything active has all but vanished. She goes easily from reading a Danielle Steele ebook to watching a Prince William and Kate lifetime movie.The above is both versions of the iPad's biggest virtue: ANYONE OF ANY AGE CAN USE IT. Both my husband and I are techie types so we are quite expert on computers. Friends in our age range usually are not. My advice to every one of them is "buy an ipad." It puts those with low tech abilities on an even playing field because they do everything with their fingers and visually. It is the supreme compliment to say about either iPad, "any idiot can use it."Right now you can't buy an iPad 1. We were going to buy a third one of those on sale but they sold out so fast that we had to get the iPad 2 as our third one. My husband is the one who appreciates subtle refinements in electronics. He has been in seventh heaven since it arrived. Truthfully, my mother in law and I, as long as we can get on it and read our books, watch our movies, assemble recipes in our app cookbook, and so forth and so on, are happy as can be and both iPad versions do that extremely well. My husband is the one who waxes rhapsodically over lighter weight, better LED screen, improved battery life, and so forth. Like most reviewers of iPad 2 he concludes that it is a beautiful evolution but not a revolution from the first iPad.For those of you with extended families elsewhere, there are other new features which could be huge features for you. The ability now to visit with family members by video with your ipad 2 are completely built in. It has two way cameras. I would like to talk our other family members in California into getting one for the benefit of my mother-in-law, who could have excellent "visits" by iPad with all of them.Also if you want to stream what is on your ipad directly to your HDTV and projectors, that too is now built in. We don't have such a tv because we like watching directly on the iPad itself with earphones.There is also the ability to not only take your own videos but to edit them online. Plus the ability to locate your ipad if it is lost and to wipe its contents remotely.These above new features are opening up a lot of possibilities for educators as well. Apple maintains an entire subsection on its website to helping educators use the new features to iPad 2 to best advantage. Essentially, it wants to enable them to use the iPad 2 to put its content onto a screen immediately in front of their students with the teacher controlling the whole thing with his or her fingers. Go over to Apple to check this all out as it is incredible.I absolutely love the camera on the iPad 2. There was no camera on the iPad 1. Much as I have always loved my iPhone's camera, and much as I complained about who would want to use a camera the size of the iPad 2, I admit I underestimated it. It is just a fabulous camera and with just pointing and shooting you take pictures that look as if a professional had taken them.I also researched this cover that apple was pushing real hard. It looks great but i discovered the users were not happy with it. Turns out they have to clean their screens every time they use it because it leaves three big marks on the glass every time. They also said it was unstable as a stand and one guy smashed his ipad on the floor as a result, shattering it. Apple is not very good at these accessory devices. So we ordered the zoogue ipad 2 case and are very happy with it. We have zoogues on our other two ipads as well and are totally happy with them. Just put the word zoogue into search engines to find it.
tablet|I got this on a Wednesday and it would not charge. So I sent it back on Thursday UPS and was hoping for a credit or replacement... AND NO ONE WILL REPLY TO ANY OF MY EMAILS!!! NO CLUE WHAT IS GOING ON WITH THIS!!!! IT IS OVER $400 AND WOULD LIKE SOMETHING!!!!!
tablet|I continue to find my iPad remarkably productive and productive in ways I would not have anticipated. It does indeed redefine how we can use computing so that it does the work we want to do with minimal impediments. I now leave my laptop at work and take my iPad back and forth since 80 or 90% of the time the iPad does all I need to do. I use it 3 or 4 hours a day.
tablet|Wife loves this, she uses it all the time. Great investment. everyone should own one, I might even buy another
tablet|The Ipad2 is generally well responsive and quick however there are a few malfuctions/weak points where it could of been made better. I test out tablets/ e-readers because I need them for school/coursework however The Apple Ipad has poor buisness apps and tools. The notes apps are very basic and less focused on. Apple mainly foucuses on its apps and games which attract the younger population. For example it has more Angry Birds Apps then your fingers on your hand! Some strong points are the Facebook app, Facetime(Similar to Skype) and Itunes. Not my taste of tablet and I will be selling it soon.
tablet|I love this iPad it does everything I need it to do but one or two things I recommend it
tablet|Im Was worry abut buy somthing like this because You dont know what You getting on Mail but. Its an a greate experience
tablet|This is so far the best computer, PC, tablet, and digital device that my family has ever used. There's no words that can describe how good and powerful this iPad is. It's just out of this world!
tablet|Did not work, it was an item that was returned and then resold. Apple did replace it for the original iPad so we ware out some money.
tablet|The iPad2 is just like a big iPhone. Whether this good or bad is subjective. For me, it's good - polished, flexible and can be customized to my needs. The Xoom user interface is totally new, and unfortunately it shows - there are many rough edges. Some examples: moving icons around to group programs together is not intuitive and they keep moving back; you can see the first 5 applications running on the Xoom and select one, but the list doesn't scroll so applications that don't show in the list can't be selected; you can't close applications (except by a force quit that can lose data) as the Xoom decides when to quit an application; customization is possible but more difficult than the iPad2. In short, the Xoom user interface is a work in progress - great potential but currently quite flawed.
tablet|I have had an iPad2 for roughly a year. In that time, I have had to take it in for repairs twice. The first time was when it was upgrading the OS software and simply stopped halfway through the process. I plugged it in since I did not want it to die from lack of battery power. Three days later, it was still at the same place in the download. That was the first trip to the repair shop. A week or two later, it is back and working great. Now, about a month ago, it was at about 60% power so I plugged it in for the night. That was the last I saw any life in the thing. Since I do not have the receipt (it was a gift) and too much time has passed (even though much of the time was not necessarily in my possession), repairs are going to cost a bucket load. The while that I had the iPad2 was pretty fun, but Heaven knows when I will see it again, and I believe that the information recorded on it will be gone. So, short story, my experience is a two-star experience with Apple.
tablet|it's fun to have for play and I can for school use it for school, to save my homework on.
tablet|Wasn't real sure that I had need of an Ipad with all the other gadets that I have that pretty much do the same thing. After having it for over a week I can't start to tell you how I was wrong. It is great for games for kids, video and just surfing the net.
tablet|We ordered an iPad to use for business transactions, and to show pictures of our products to customers. It was shipped on time, and came in good working order.
tablet|muy bueno el producto! cumpli&oacute; con mis expectativas! sellado y en perfecto estado! gracias! saludos desde venezuela! me tarde en calificar porque el traslado desde alla a vzla tardo un poco!
tablet|The reason why I&#8217;m in love with my iPad is because I can read PDF documents while on the go, I can watch movies, check my email and view my photos without having to carry my MacBook Pro. My mom loves it because as a 57-year-old woman its lightweight and she can use the iPad for all her cooking stuff.
tablet|The ipad2 was in great condition and I am pleased with it but I would have liked to receive a wall charger with it.
tablet|We use this for square. Works great.Also have an iPad 3 retina. Can tell the difference if you are getting it to watch videos but not much difference otherwise.
tablet|It was simple as A-B-C. The Ipad was in mint condition as mentioned and works perfectly.Good deal for the price
tablet|I got my ipad 2 when they said I would. i had to call the company with question and they went beyond my expectation. Amazing costumer service, And they stand behind there product. Very Happy
tablet|I'm so glad I ordered this, I just got it today. I got it for free from Prizerebel: [...]So far it's really making me happy, it's perfect for surfing the web, watching Netflix, and most importantly, playing games! It's super easy to use and convenient, I can take it with me where ever I want. It also has a great amount of storage. It's a must have :)
tablet|This was my second iPad 2. After the first was stolen, I realized I couldn't live without it. I mostly use it for nursing school, but also like to stream videos and play some games on it. The only downfall I've found to buying an iPad over other tablets, is that it doesn't work with Microsoft Office. You have to purchase an expensive app to be able to work with those types of documents.
tablet|I was given an older version IPAD from my brother last year and really liked it but it only worked on Wi-Fi. I don't live in an area where Wi-Fi is always available so I was limited to using it at home. so a few months later when my 50th birthday was coming up, my husband asked what I would like. I told him the only thing I wanted was the IPad with wireless AND 3G. Of course he thought I was nuts since I had a perfectly good, working IPAd already. So naturally, I got my wish! We ordered a refurbished one to save money. I have not been disappointed yet! I take it everywhere with me. I am impressed with the speed even when using 3G. I am able to use it at our cabin and streamed our High School basketball State Championship game with zero problems. The only problem I have now is I own a 5 month old Laptop that I rarely use!
tablet|I like the screen great to watch football games and movies on. I didn't buy my iPad but i know it was expensive $1,000! It has flaws its not a full fledged computer no usb and no typing applications so not for some how is in the market for a computer
tablet|This item came in its original box and looked brand new. Was very pleased with my purchase. Recommend this Apple IPad.
tablet|I bought an Ipad64 GB 2nd generation,it is in a very good condition as it was described. thank you so much
tablet|I have an iPad and its awesome! I use it for everything. The only drawback is there is no keyboard. The Microsoft Surface has quite a bit more to offer to it and is worth it!http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B009XE0K7W/ref=as_li_ss_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=390957&creativeASIN=B009XE0K7W&linkCode=as2&tag=wwwworkoutwei-20
tablet|Great Ipad, I gave it to my wife as Christmas present and she loved it, What I loved was how much I got it for!
tablet|End all be all Tablet! it may be more expensive than the inferior android and windows based tablets but its well worth it!
tablet|Worth every penny. Love to watch movies on it. Nothing beats an iPad, there's allot more apps then i thought for the iPad as well
tablet|Chances are, you know what an iPad is and know the positives of it. It is very user friendly, it has tons of apps, and they are all ran through Apple so they work very well. There are occasional crashes with streaming app, but it only closes the app and you can reopen it. This is the iPad 2, so, if you are expecting Siri... you will be disappointed. Siri is nice, but it isn't needed to love this product. The maps is still awful, but you can get Google maps and that is much better. Realistically, this is wonderful for people who do a lot of internet based surfing and want a phone experience but bigger. It is also great for family that is horrible with tech. If you are wondering, "Well, I'm a power user, is there anything for me?" Firstly, you should know how to look that up yourself. Secondly, yes! You can VPN into a laptop or desktop with many apps available in the app store to Virtualize your desktop from any wifi access point. Great buy and if money is a problem, the iPad 2 is now cheap enough to not be a big purchase.
tablet|I will not get into a review of the product I purchased since this is readily available all over the Internet. I will, however, review the business which was very good. The product was received within the timeframe selected. It was sealed and very well protected during shipment. As a result I would easily recommend anyone to purchase this product. You won't be disappointed.
tablet|My husband and I were debating on whether to buy a new laptop or an IPad. We are happy we decided to go with the IPad--it is easily transported--works everywhere we go with 3G or Wi-Fi--and can actually fit in my purse when not in use. The decision to purchase the IPad instead of the laptop was a good one. I highly recommend the IPad but only with both Wi-Fi and 3G for the most flexibility.
tablet|Product received, iPad is an iPad, nothing special.Landon Electronics where I've purchased the iPad fromwas SUPERB in customer service, communication, as wellas flexible working terms. Have dealt with Coreyfrom Landon Electronics couple more times after thistransaction~~all been A++, completely trustworthy!Thanks COREY!jackson
tablet|i am always worried when i purchase from a site outside Amazon, especially when the purchase is hundreds. i took a risk to save some $$. the ipad came in a week. it was in a sealed box, everything on the outside in the description was as ordered. i do not believe this was previously opened. the device works as expected. yes i understand it will make way for a newer model in a few months, but the value so far has been fine. if you are worried, you need to check the return policies. i would buy this again, especially for commodity items.
tablet|excellent service and prompt.easy to deal with and great follow-through.competitive price, but much simpler orderingand tracking data.
tablet|Bought this for my wife as an anniversary gift and she loves it. I think I spend more time on it than she does. Just doesnt do Flash...boo....its ok cause i dont care. i love this thing. my wife loves this thing. i dont care if Apple is evil terrible people out for our souls, i will still buy these products....just gotta save up for a few pay checks to buy it. and dont be an IDIOT and try get this or one of apples products on launch day or weekend. seriously you can wait a few weeks to upgrade i mean cmon.
tablet|Researched for many hours to find the right combination of quality and price. This item fit both requirements! In fantastic used condition and I've spent many hours on it already. All my accessories are also purchased through Amazon. Love this site!
tablet|LOVE IT! and I just bought a skin from [...]!!! BEST quality wraps I've tried. Found out they use 3M and not the cheap chinese vinyls. They even guarantee a no bubble application.
tablet|What can I say? It's an iPad 2! They are great! Install iTunes 10.5 and plug it in to sync so that it prompts you to upgrade your OS to iOS 5, it's worth it! iOS 5 has lots of new features.Get yourself a case for it! Amazon has tons of cases listed!! It's worth protecting your investment!
tablet|Apple iPad 2....what more can you say! Excellent! It is above and beyond what I had expected! Can't put it down...always something to do!
tablet|Making this super short, bought refurbished and a part of the screen doesnt compleately work all the time, its like a line going down the screen that is unresponsive to an extent.
tablet|It is beyond amazing. It works perfectly and it is very helpful. It does more than I thought. Very happy with it.
tablet|The is a good value for this wanting sonmething nicer than the ordinary pad. Looks great and comes with a fast ship
tablet|I was not sure if I would get what I paid for but it was more than I imagine! Thanks!
tablet|Bought this for my fiance for a spur of the moment gift and he loves it. It was in great condition and works just as well as mine, which I purchased at Target. Great price and great product. I love the Apple portable products.
tablet|i'm so happy with my ipad! i use it for school and it works like a charm! so happy that i dropped money on this thing!
tablet|Bought this for my daughter's family and they all use it! The girls (5 and 7) play games of all kinds and the adults make use of many programs.
tablet|Es un Producto de calidad, he usados esta marca por varios a&ntilde;os, he comprado productos similares,el envio a sido puntual, Excelente Experiencias
tablet|I love my iPad. The battery lasts as long as the product description said it would. I'm slowly learning what all it can do.
tablet|She enjoying everyday of her life with this thing I can't get her off it she sleep with it all day every day and night
tablet|Best Thing I bought this year! It controls my TV AppleTV and is a great book reader for my son. My wife uses it on the train for homework. The battery is lasting so long I am very happy with it!
tablet|Great product and awesome experience using it. Got exactly what i ordered for and works great. Packing and box were new and i am satisfied of making this choice to buy this iPad2 now and from this seller thus will highly recommend to all!
tablet|As an iMac and iPod Touch owner, I knew that I would enjoy the iPad before I purchased it. What I didn't realize is that it would become the device that I use more than any other. Great device with great apps available. I feel lost if I leave home without it.
tablet|I just bought the Ipad2 for the kids. It is fantastic and they are enjoying it a lot. The only down side is that it takes too long to charge.
tablet|What can I say...Apple has got it going on! This is a great example of new technology. And thanks to Amazon...I was able to share this new techno with my wife! So...Thanks Amazon, and thanks to the vendors that you endorse.
tablet|perfect transaction with quick shipping! will use again. iPad 2 is great! love all the apps and ability to use for e-mails and Facebook, etc. no 3G necessary with wifi almost everywhere.
tablet|The IPAD2 is an incredibly lightweight, capable tablet that is very easy to use. Just getting used to not having to use a mouse is incredible, and the weight saved versus carrying a laptop or even a netbook is awesome. I travel alot, so this makes a big difference to me. In addition, the ease with which it was purchased on Amazon versus trying to find one at a store, due to the short supply, was simply wonderful. It arrived within 4 days, at a better price than in the stores. All in all, a great purchase with which I am very satisfied.
tablet|Device is useful and excellent quality.Touchscreen is amazing.Good thing for internet serfing, reading e-books and entertainment.
tablet|I'm your average, everyday consumer who doesn't know a lot about computers and electronics, but I know enough to get by. The IPad is awesome. I thought about getting a Kindle, but decided I wanted something that would do more. We travel frequently in our car and now I can download a movie, read a book, play a game, or surf the web. I'm so glad I didn't settle on a Kindle.
tablet|Intro: I've always been a fan of Android and prefer it to iOS, but I must admit that at the moment, Apple has the best tablet on the market. After trying to decide between the Galaxy Tab 10.1 and iPad 2, I pulled the trigger on the iPad 2 (16GB, Wi-Fi, Black) and have yet to regret my decision.Pros:*Apps - The best feature about the iPad is the App Store, and this was the deciding factor for me. On a smartphone, there's a bit more to consider than apps (call quality, carrier, camera quality-in my opinion, pointless on a tablet-,etc.), but on a tablet, it's all about the functionality delivered through tablet-optimized apps.*Design - The iPad 2 is very thin, light, and has a nice aluminum finish on the back. The only comparably sized tablet is the Galaxy Tab 10.1.*Screen - The screen is great, especially in terms of quality and contrast. It's a 9.7" IPS screen with a 1024x768 resolution.*Battery life - Excellent. It has the best battery life of tablets (Galaxy Tab 10.1 comes close). To get an idea, it lasts for days with some gaming/web browsing each day.*Accessories - Because the iPad is basically the epitome/name-brand of tablets at the moment, if there's a tablet accessory, it's compatible with the iPad.*Resale value - If I decide to sell it later to upgrade to the inevitable iPad 3, I know it will maintain most of its value.Cons:*Cameras - Although I will probably never use them, the cameras on the iPad 2 are horrible.*Screen - Competitor tablets have a bigger 10.1" screen, but my biggest complaint is the lower resolution of the iPad (1024x768 vs 1280x800). The resolution difference is more important because it would've allowed for more content to be displayed which is espeically important for web browsing.*Apple's proprietary ports - The non-standard ports lead to some overpriced adapters and accessories.*Apple's "walled garden" aka iTunes - To most people this isn't a big deal, but some people will be annoyed about having to use iTunes. Personally, I don't mind iTunes, but I hate only having Apple-approved apps available in the App Store. Luckily, for those who care, like me, you can just jailbreak your device.
tablet|I was a bit skepitical on buying a refurbished ipad, but I am glad I did! It is just like new and was as if I was purchasing it brand new!
tablet|When I bought my iPad, it was a complete splurge. I was at the apple store to fix a operator-error with my iphone and asked about the iPad. I originally thought that it was just an overgrown iPod touch, but the more I learned about it, the more I realized that it seemed to be a small computer. The iPad has Bluetooth capabilities and I bought a Bluetooth keyboard to go with the iPad. I am still wrapping my head around the iPad and all its features. I really enjoy the iCloud, allowing me to sync up my iPhone and iPad. One of the first apps I downloaded was Pages and it has been fantastic. One of my biggest concerns regarding the iPad is the accessibility to remove documents, pictures,etc off of the iPad. There is no USB port, so I cannot hook up a zip-drive and due to the age of my Mac, I cannot download the iCloud app. So my only options are to email it to myself or go on my computer, go to the iCloud website, sign-on and get the document that way. When I brought this up to the Apple worker, he stated that the iPad is capable of printing directly from the iPad as an option as well. So that minimized my concerns. Over all, I am very happy with the decision I made, all my questions regarding the iPad have been able to be answered with a simple google-search. One of the best spur-of-the-moment purchases I have ever made.
tablet|The iPad s the best thing ever invented and I love everything about it. I bought it used to save money but just wish I was told that it had been dropped and had a lot of scratches on it. I found the dint on the bottom side and just hope that does not affect the iPad, so far so good. I also wish that I was told about all the scratches on the back, this is ok because I bought a case to cover it but I think when you spend a lot of money on something even if its used that the buyer should be notified of all the flaws before hand. I thought I would be able to download Microsoft Office and I can not so I had to download a app and pay $10 so I can do my school work on it which is the main purpose I bought it.
tablet|Works great and saved a few bucks. I really am glad I got my IPad. It does so much more than what I had imagined.
tablet|i don't have to use my laptop and it not going to burn out as fast. its great for game, messages, mail, moves and so much more.battery life is good,
tablet|Hello, My grandson likes the I pad, it's working pretty well. Thanks guys, Excellent job. Thanks again. respectfully from Georgia.
tablet|I love my ipad 2! It works perfectly and was a great value. What can I say? It's an ipad!
tablet|I got the tablet for my wife on her birthday to replace her laptop. She love it and now I have a hard time getting her attention away from it.
tablet|I would recommend this product not only does it work as advertised, the price was great. The 32 gb is great
tablet|I loved the iPad but when I approached apple with the purchase receipt and asked to add Apple care they said because the seller was considered the original owner I was declined. So I returned it and bought an I pad from Apple directly.
tablet|I had set my background to a field of grass and a week after I bought it my dog took a poop on it.
tablet|After being an initial Apple person, back in the 80's, then swaying over to PC, I can see the need to come back to Apple. The product is so aesthetically and ergonomically well designed. The touch screen is responsive and the number of functional and fun apps are overwhelming. The other awesome feature is icloud and the syncing with my daughter's Macbook pro.
tablet|Pleasantly suprised. A little worried due to being a Christmas present; but item was perfect and arrived early! Product was exactly as described. UNOPENED!
tablet|Bought this for my granddaughter. She loves it. Item was shipped on time and received as advertised. Actually, I bought an Apple Ipad2 for my four grandchildren and 2 daughters. They all love them.
tablet|I purchased my iPad 2 as a Christmas gift for my husband..not only did it come in well before Christmas even though I ordered it a week and a half before, but it arrived in perfect condition :) I was very satisfied with the seller's prompt customer service, and the quality of the product I received...
tablet|I love my Ipad. Its my favorite object, ever. i got the white one, but i kinda wish i got it in black though. i would suggest getting a Bluetooth keyboard with it if you think your going to do a lot of typing. but i just love mine. but also i use it in replace of my laptop. even though it doesn't do a lot of things a laptop can, i still love it. also it would print unless you have Airprint. that sucks, but theres an App for that!
tablet|This product is absolutely amazing. I've had mine for about a week now and it's superb!! Plus it's reasonably priced. I just absolutely LOVE it!
tablet|I found no where on Apple site to place a comment, so here it is.I have had the greatest experience in support I have ever had, I had a problem with my Ipad 2 because the screen was giving bad colors, after taking it to an apple store make an apppoinment and wait to be helped they replaced my ipad with a new one in less than 10 min.I would say that other companies still have a lot to learn from apple, so far the ipad has been a replacement from my laptop at home, I can answer mails, browse the internet, see movies and all I even move pictures to the ipad to be modified ( applications are cheaper and good at making basic modifications in pictures), it is all I ever wanted.. So if it is expensive , yes!!! is it worth it?? Yes!!! every penny .. Support is amazing!!! I would buy another one for my kids??? already !!!
tablet|I admit when I first heard about Apple making an iPad I was skeptical about how practical the device would be. Fast forward to the present, and having used the iPad 2 for 2 months, I can honestly say it has transformed my digital life in our increasingly digital world. My desktop and laptop have been gathering dust since acquiring the iPad 2.It is the ultimate way to interact with just about all things digital. With the right apps, you can do just about anything you can on a laptop, television, and gaming system, all in one sleek, stylish, and utterly portable device! On a regular basis I use my iPad 2 to surf the web, compose and read e-mails, open and edit Microsoft Office documents, watch movies, listen to my MP3 collection, take and browse photos, make financial transactions, and play games that are just as good as what I can play on a computer or dedicated video game system.I'm hard pressed to come up with a single thing I dislike about the iPad 2.
tablet|I love my iPad... White... 64gb... New...It works well... I use it for the internet and play games. I also do my amazon online shopping.Pros:* easy to use* convenient to travel* lots of space* digital moviesCons:* no flash (all Apple products)* battery can die easily if you charge it a lot* sometimes it doesn't work and you need to restart itOverall:Worth it...Butit'll be cheaper when the iPad3 comes out
tablet|I absolutely love the Ipad 2. I bought it for my mom and she also loves it. It is great for surfing the internet and reading books. Also it is very easy to use.
tablet|The supplier was very prompt in delivery, however I was never able to connect the unit to Verizon. I suspect that this particular IPAD was one in the group that had a duplicate MEID number burned in during manufacture. The defective unit was returned to Apple and a new unit was sent to me. The new unit performed as advertised. Replacing the IPAD took less than a week. If you are going to use Verizon 3G, then I would recommend that the IPAD be purchased directly from your local Verizon shop. This will insure that the unit is working properly before you pay. The price is the same and you can set the account up where the billing is included in your cell phone account rather than through a separate account via Apple/Verizon.
tablet|Bought this as a gift for my Dad with my Mom. For a Grampa he really is tech savy and takes time to learn all he can about the new "gadgets" on the market. We were both blown away by the Apple IPAD 2 AT&T. Phone and computer all rolled up into one. Extremely easy to use. Very fast and the picture is incredible. Loading apps was a breezy and the available accessories were endless. Dad is very happy with the gift and it has become part of his everyday life. Now I want one!!
tablet|I have a habit of reading books, newspapers, magazines, etc. in bed. This habit is like the sleeping pill which puts me into sleep after 10 - 20 min reading/watching. iPad2 eliminated the needs of the paper version and I can hold it with just one hand.The battery can last two weeks if I use it for this purpose and put it into sleep mode after reading without turning it off.According to the user's guide, the battery is designed to recharge 1000 times and still retains 80% the original power, so the battery is really long lasting.
tablet|I love my Ipad 2. It is so light, so convenient and so full of promise that I don't think I'll ever get tired of it. Actually, I'm a PC person and I have ALOT to learn about using the Apple technology, but so far, I think it's been worth diving into. The camera has very good resolution and even I was able to take some good movies. I bought this instead of a laptop because I find the touch screen to be soooo intuitive. I think that's really the best part. I had a little trouble getting the email system up and running because I'd ordered it through the internet and there's not an Apple Store nearby to set up the product initially. However,it comes with several months free telephone help and the tech person who assisted me was very patient, skilled and spoke impeccable English. My biggest issue is the delicate touch and size difference of the keyboard compared to a laptop but I am getting real fast at hunt and peck typing- though I may consider buying an auxillary keyboard. I would definitely recommend the IPAD 2.Bernardette CostaAuthor, The Six Colorful Annies
tablet|I purchased the item as a gift for my husband, who works in IT. He enjoys the portability of the 3G internet, the long battery life, and exploring all the various apps available for iPad. He describes using the iPad as a way to make technology fun again - after years in IT where it's just work.
tablet|The iPAD2 lives up to its claim of lighter, thinner etc and now has cameras.Nevertheless its inability to know where it is by GPS remains a lack that I deplore.How much more useful it would be with this feature.
tablet|Ipad 2 is so much more than just a "big iPod touch". People making such claims obviously do not own one.I agree that because applications are similar and they both share the same iOS, the experience might not seem that different, but once you get your hands on it, the bigger screen, the dual core processor, larger memory and longer battery result in much much better overall experience.It's more practical for almost everything, except of course portability as your iPod touch fits in your pocket but leaving that aside, it's really portable, you can take it with you everywhere.This product has literally helped me get over my Ex.
tablet|The IPad 2 is great. The battery will last me days without charging even under continuous use. I took it to a memorial weekend party at the beach where we had 10 friends all staying in one house. Ends up I was the only person who brought a computer and it was my IPad. I never charged it and it lasted all weekend. Also the 3G is great, very fast, in fact usually faster than WiFi.
tablet|I come from Windows world, which means I have a PC, two laptops and a Windows Mobile. This is my first Ipad and the only thing I keep asking myself is: What I didn't buy this before.
tablet|I bought this for my techophobe wife. She took to it like a duck to water and now uses it all the time!
tablet|I bought the IPad 2 for use at the office and wouldn't be without it. I can keep up with the office, emails or surf the internet easily.
tablet|Honestly, my Ipad 2 is really hard for me to put down. It took me barely no time to figure out how to use it even being a first time user of an apple product. Since I fell so much in love with this product, I even take it to church with me! Bless the Lord lol.
tablet|Exactly what I expected. Great price for Gen 2 without 3G. This is my 1st Apple product and I am going to only buy Apple from now on.
tablet|I'm writing to express how satified I am with my iPad. I think it was one of the best investments I have ever made, I pratically use it for everything writing papers for college, music, photos, videos, surfing the wed, games and email. My iPad has practically replaced my two laptops. I'm not recommending to get rid of your laptop and get an iPad because there are certain things I can not do on my iPad that only my laptop can do the job, but you should definately get one for its portability, accessibility and great battery life. I was so impressed with my Ipad I went out and purchased an ipad mini this was in a 3 month period. Also plan to upgrade my regular ipad for the new edision with 120gs and my laptop with an Mac Air. I really like Apple products and wish I would have taken advantage of their products sooner.
tablet|It was a good find, reasonable price and excellent condition. It has been very usefull and filled all my expectations. Only problem is, that there are so many features which you don't use so often and then you forgot how to use them. That's ofcourse more like a personal problem..
tablet|The price was right, the iPad perfect. A &#34;complaint&#34;? Yes. I don't apprecitate the little ad's that show up! And why no user's guide? If it weren't for some friends with an iPad2 for help, I don't know what I would be doing right now.
tablet|This was a great purchase. It was like brand new and the warranty was still on it. Excellent service as well.
tablet|We got our grand son an ipad of his own for his last birthday (6). He had played with mine every time he came over so it was an easy gift to give. He knows how to maneuver around. I did get a more sturdy case for it recently.
tablet|This item arrived in a generic box that was not the original packaging. This item was purchased as new but appeared to have been shipped to be in just a generic box not the original apple packaging. The item did not appear to be new or in original package.
tablet|I don't know why I waited so long to purchase this....it's awesome!!! It was super easy to set up and it auto synced with my iTouch on iTunes account to transfer all of my files directly to this new device. My toddler son LOVES the age appropriate apps and it was really simple and easy for the entire family to use and enjoy right away. I can't wait to get all my apps and settings the way I prefer and start enjoying all of its' capabilities.
tablet|We have both the original and the iPad 2, and love them both. The 2 is lighter and more powerful and the smart cover is a clever feature.
tablet|Muy bueno, como la mayoria de los productos Apple. El tama&ntilde;o y peso ideales, full hd y muy buenas aplicaciones.
tablet|I haven't used any tablets other than Apples' product. Original iPad was my first one, which was bought as a gift for my friend and accidentally became a good entertainment for me and my wife. It's a great product, one of a very few gadgets I find myself truly love to use and feel the convenience and ease of use that rarely comes with a product that is sophisticated in its functionality and simple in its design. The reason I talk about my iPad in a iPad 2 review is that I want to give you a perspective of how I loved my iPad and all the good things about iPad has been improved and perfected, either in a subtle or substantive way, in iPad 2. The most obvious change I sensed were two things, a significant reduce in weight and a increase in processing speed. I have frequently found myself looking for iPad 2 at home to have a google search job done even though iPad is up front of my eyes.Another thing I came to appreciate both iPad and iPad 2 is their intuitive user interface. Quite opposite to a technology geek as I am, my mom has no knowledge in what an operating system is and has no idea how her order is fulfilled by a computing device, be it a pc or whatever else. This makes it very hard to explain to her how she should interact with the interface of an operating system. To her, opening up an application on a Windows desktop, in the start menu and Notification area are fundamentally different actions that take conceptually distinctive approaches to accomplish. Such understanding and confusion in opening different application have soon disappeared after only a few practices with the iPad home button. And now she is happily occupied herself with the Bakery Story app on a device easiest ever to use.
tablet|I am typing this on my iPad. I prefer it to my computers it is so amazing. It helps relieve back problems!!! (: and it doesn't cause you to be regretting
tablet|Amazing device, great for games, email, the web and the kids love it. Only problem is the screen has cracked twice. First time Apple was amazing and gave me a new Ipad at no charge.
tablet|Received the product fast as was guaranteed but there was a white glitch on the screen a small but noticeable glitch. Took it to the apple store and was able to get it replaced with a brand new one.
tablet|I had been thinking for months on which type of "Tablet" I should buy. Hitting up every link I could to review tablets. As a windows system administrator, I needed something to carry with me so that I could have my technical books handy. The nook,kindle were just not right for me, The Kindle reader, is good as a reader goes, but there is not internet access on the kindle reader I have. Sure it has whisper net, but no "Surfing capabilities that I am aware of. The IPad 2 solved all that. Just a small learning curve,(a couple of hours)and I was off and running. Have it now for about 4 days, I am not sorry I chose this version of tablet. Also what was a little icing on the cake, I had ordered it normal shipping, I think 3-5 days, I got email form the merchant, (Penguin2012) saying Hey we are really happy that you chose us as the merchant. to show our appreciation, they shipped it next day shipping. I thought that was really kool.Anyway, happy with the complete purchase. Thanks all involved.
tablet|If you still on the fence on what tablet to purchase, play it safe and buy an Ipad 2. The experience is much more enjoyable over all. This is a non-biased review, I own a Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 as well (I may even be more of a fanboy toward Samsung, owning a 3d Blu ray player, 3D Led and LCD tv). In my opinion, what makes the Ipad better than any of the Android tablets is the apps. Apples app store has more apps than the Android market has to offer. The Apple app store is also better looking and more organized (Android is getting better though). Everything is clearly labeled for what device ie Ipad or Iphone/Itouch. On the Android market its hard to tell whats what. I have downloaded many apps that are intended for a phone. I downloaded Guitar Hero 5 from the Android market and playing it was unbearable due to the tiny screen size, there was no option to enlarge the screen (Android needs to do a software update for this asap). If you have a favorite Itouch game that you wanted to play on a bigger screen you can with the Ipad, you can increase the screen size). In my opinion developers of apps are clearly making them first on Ipad. For example, Netflix, Face Book, Onlive, and Boxee. I would love to have a offical Face Book app for my Galaxy Tab. There is a Face Book app for Android but its ment for a phone and looks terrible on a tablet. Why does it take so long for android to get them? Even similar apps for both apple and android look better on Ipad, words with friends and Amazon Shopping app for starters! Amazon you NEED to give Android the same app you gave Apple! The one on my GT sucks. Apple even has more demos of games...there usually called something like lite or free. Apple has airplay which is cool if you own a AppleTV, I can play Angry Birds on my Samsung 3D LED 55 inch TV! Yes Samsung has AllShare (Samsungs version of AirPlay) but for some stupid reason the Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 doesnt have that app! Why in the world does the first generation have it but the new one doesnt? You cant even download it off the Samsung App store, maybe its coming w/Ice Cream Sandwich?? Heres basically my pros and cons for the Ipad:ProsEasy to useTons of Apps and better looking onesAirplayWay more accessaries and Cases (Im still waiting for a OtterBox case for my GT)ConsNo flashVery controlled device and you cant customize it like AndroidHeres a couple of things that I like better on the Galaxy tab. On paper the GTs specs are better than Ipad 2. You can customize it just about any way you want...but you need to be a lil tech savy. Just about every game on Android is free and and they are full games (with ads) Everyday Amazon gives you a free app!There is more than one market place to shop from (Android Market, Amazon, Samsung etc.) Youtube looks cooler on Android...love the 3d honey comb looks!
tablet|I use this way more than I ever thought I would! Links work fast and it is super easy to use.
tablet|I'll be the first to admit, I love toys. Gadgets, gizmos, anything electronic will catch my attention. THese toys are great, but my fascination is not longterm. Too soon after I spend my money on the latest "must have" the toy finds its way to the shelf as I move on. I held off on purchasing an iPad2 because of the cost and because I was fearful it would spend $730 for something I would later stash away nver to use again. Nothing could be further from the truth.I've had my iPad2 for about three months now and I love it more each day. I'm using it everyday for several hours. I use it for my work, and for fun. I listen to music, watch movies, and play with fun, educational apps. I have work-related apps. I use it for my local government role so I do not need to print paper forms and other official documents. I buy apps but I love the free ones. It is a challenge to find useful apps for free. I can manage my investments with it. I can use Google Earth and travel the world.I no longer consider my iPad2 just a toy. It is an intregal part of my life as I can quickly check emails and get headline news. I can follow sports teams and have my music collection. It is awkward to bring along during hikes, but I do have it in my car for the music. I have podcasts and iBooks. It will never replace my laptop, it will not replace my Kindle, but I cannot see myself without my iPad2.I strongly recommend the iPad2 to anyone who is even remotely considering buying one. You will be amazed at the number of uses you will find for it.
tablet|The iPad will change the way humans live. It's as simple as that. A few years back you saw stage prop devices like this on Star Trek TNG! Now they are here.This is in the same league as Wheat, Fire, Steel, Flight, Anti-biotics, Sails, Steam.You are on the ground floor of a new age and a new civilisation. This WILL reduce the use of paper and oil. This will make humans much more efficient. Old paper and oil based industries will suffer but that is how it goes...If you can find them, there are apps for a wide array of uses. I can read Conrad, Wharton, Fitzgerald while waiting for a plane or work. I can know where I am in 700 cities and what's around me. I can make a video call.You get the idea. It's only going to get better!I like my iPad.Get as much memory as you can afford. Bigger is better. Get the Griffin Survivor case and the Kensington sling pack. There may be a way to use flash memory as well.Highly recommended.
tablet|The iPad2 is all that is is advertised to be. There is so much that you can do with it and it is light and portable...I find that I rarely need to pull out the laptop! Each day I am finding new ways to use it and that makes it that much more interesting and fun.
tablet|once again apple gives us something great!i bought this ipad because of work actually. I work in a hospital and its great to be able to access electronic records/labs/orders quickly while doing rounds. Makes life a lot easier than finding a computer, logging on, then doing it. After work, I can use this if I'm out, sitting at home on the couch, showing off things to my friends, youtubing vids, facebook (stalking), and even watching movies.The screen is beautiful, the weight is just right, and everything about it is so clean and perfect. I do wish the resolution could get a little higher as you can see a difference between it and the iphone4 screen, but i know thats something that will come in the ipad3. If you can wait, the ipad3 should be worth it as it will probably be the same price. If you can't wait, get this, you won't regret it!
tablet|So it doesn't have FLASH - clue here peeps ADOBE STOPPED SUPPORTING MOBILE FLASH. Gues HTML 5 or better will be new standard. The IPad 2 is still the BOSS of tablets PERIOD. Nothing performs as well ....NOTHING ! In short was a Apple hater ( still am) but wanted a smaller form factor than the laptops/net book areana. This replaced my laptop couldn't be happier. Hate the limitations of Apple World thus have an Android phone (Motorola Droid Bionic used as mobile hotspot). All said n done HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !! Kindle Fire smaller very limited performance compared to the BOSS.
tablet|This one is user friendly and so easy to upload and down load everything you need. If you had the chance to get this one doit it's really worth it.
tablet|Product delivered in timely fashion and works great. Wonderful christmas gift for my wife. She love s it. I would recommend this product to anyone. She is all set up ready to go.
tablet|What a great little device! I love everything about it so far...ease of use is great and I have not a single complaint so far other than maybe they should ship it with a screen saver applied instead of the cheap plastic you rip off and throw out.
tablet|This thing is amazing. All the apps. All the convenience. So simple to use. Would recommend it to anyone. My wife loves it.
tablet|I think excelent the service and product. The quality is very good. The price is competitive. The trace the product is excelent and safe. I know where is me product and when I have I give me safe and peace other the purchase I do.
tablet|I've had my iPad2 for 8 months now and absolutely love it. It is so much better to take to class because it hardly weighs anything. I downloaded apps for note-taking in class and I can write notes directly on my powerpoint slides (which is what most professors use in lecture). I also put some educational apps for my 2 year-old son and he loves them too. The speed is great (no lag time opening and closing apps, safari, photos, and anything else). As of right now, I don't have any negative comments to write about it, but if I later do, I'll post a response about it.
tablet|I love this device...do not know why I did not get one sooner. I can get mail, surf the web, play games, even play the piano! I put my Kindle books in it as well.
tablet|I bought this for my wife and she loves it. One mistake I made was not checking with a service provider before buying it. I thought we were grandfathered for unlimited data with AT&T since that is how my iPhone is but that is not the case with the iPad. When considering 3g don't make the same mistake I did, I would have got Verizon. Anyway, the iPad itself seems to be a great tool for work and play and is much easier to tote than a laptop.
tablet|The iPad 2 is an amazing product! So many things it can do and the Apps available just keep making it better. What's best is it's so simple to use and very stable. Comment about another poster who was complaining about content only coming from Apple. Not true. You can easily add your own content through iTunes. It's not hard and content can come from anywhere. So, don't be fooled into thinking you can upload your photo's or add music from any source. You can and it's really easy. Either the other poster never bothered to learn the product, or is just trying to confuse people into thinking you can't have non-Apple content. If you get one, you'll love it!
tablet|I was never an apple fan, but they're devices work seamlessly together and with all the Apps out there. Now with IOS 5, even better.
tablet|The feature comes with the iPad 2 are exactly what I expected. Comparing to iPad, it is thinner and faster on games and other apps. It response quickly and feels smooth while navigating between different processes. The only downside I found that the quality of the photos taken by the camera was not that exciting. In a word, I like this product very much.
tablet|This is really a great little device. I've had it for over a month now and no real complaints. The video quality is amazing and the speakers are surprisingly powerful. I think the only question is - is it worth the price tag? And I suppose the answer is more dependent on the person than anything else.
tablet|Amazing !Sleek but very slippery so need to buy case immediately.Fast and furious...gorgeous screen.Worth the price.HDMI output is a big plus.
tablet|Great product, only complaint is the price of the product. It's almost the same price as a fully functioning laptop that is flash enabled.
tablet|What can I say - it's an iPad2 and it works beautifully, although it is disappointing they don't include a simple headphone and that the iPad won't charge off a PC's USB but I'll get over it. Only complaint was the packaging from Amazon. They put the product box in a shipping box designed for maybe 6-8 of these (size wise) with three "air pillows" - come on Amazon, it's an $850 product, could you maybe wrap it in bubble wrap? or use 8-10 air pillows to encapsulate and protect it? Apple box arrived with a crushed corner,(but no apparent damage to the contents) which indicates some degree of rough handling in transit, but hey, it's UPS. They fall off conveyor belts and get tossed around in trucks. Amazon has become much more challenged when it comes to protection of the merchandise with some simple and cheap bubble wrap. To UPS's credit, they did put it in a plastic bag since it was pouring down cats and dogs. I was a bit concerned I didn't have to sign for it, but fortunately I live in a good community. Odd though...
tablet|RERFECT AS ORDEREED, ECXELLENT SERVICE FROM START TO FINISH, WOULD DEFINMITLY USE AGAIN TIMELY SHIPPRD FROM TIME RECIEVED RECOMMEND THEM AS FIRST CLASS
tablet|Amazing device - the polish of the interface is great. It is super thin but also equally balanced in terms of weight. It is very fast and response and the smart cover is amazing as well. It is really a well made device.
tablet|Had a hard time justifing getting a iPad, but I love it. Not a bit of buyers remorse. Does everything that I used my notebook for plus a nive ereader. Might not be good in direct sunlight but I don't usually read outside.
tablet|Apple iPad 2 MC770LL/A Tablet (32GB, Wifi, Black) NEWEST MODELI'm so happy that I have an ipad 2. The ipad 2 makes all the good stuff in iPad, very very good. Extremely thin, a lot thinner than the first iPad. iPad 2 is unbelievably thin when compared to other Android and WebOS tablets. Apple has done a nice job maximizing the use of internal space to create this extremely slim device. The addition of the cameras and the new speaker design are among the visible signs of change but overall the iPad 2 feels very much like the first generation ipad.Performance: Top notch thanks to its new A5 chipCameras: Not so good. Seemed to be added in as an afterthought. This was probably the only ding against it.Accessories: Plenty of options!This is a really useful tool for everyday uses.
tablet|What else needs to be said? This is like holding a little bit of Steve Jobs in your hand. I have never had anything to do with Apple products until now. Have been a confirmed DOS/Windows/PC person all my life. Now I realize what I've missed. IPad2 is incredibly fast, instant loading, and easier to type on (for me) than a keyboard. Simply can't put it down.
tablet|The ipad is ok for the cost i paid...upset it doesnt support flash, but other than that the product itself is ok. Bought it from a great seller who was willing to work with me and very responsive when i had a question..
tablet|The ipad 2 is awesome it has not broken once and i got it the day it came out it hasnt even had any problems. The resolution on it is amazing and the apps are unbelievable! I would recommend the ipad 2 too anyone it is a huge improvement to the first ipad.
tablet|I bought the IPAD2 with gift cards I nabbed from work and I am so glad I did (its a joke people, don't get bent out of shape)! The Ipad2 is great fun and I can't believe I was doing half the crap I was doing with my iphone on such a small screen now that I have the 7in ipad screen. I do bills with "pageonce", I read magazines with "zinio", I read books with the "nook" app, I listen to radio (Bubba the Love Sponge) with "tunein radio" and I have phone sex using "facetime". It has everything I need for a full and healthy life and if you have the means, I highly recommend picking one up.
tablet|Apple products continue to amaze me by their simplicity, ingenious design and quality. Sure this one may not be the one with the most options, but it surely is one of the most attractive and functional platforms for the general population. What it does, for what it's meant to do, it does outstandingly. It is probably by these reasons it is so popular and has so much competition at the same time.This is the comparison table from my point of view. I hope it helps:PROs:1) Its simple and intuitive interface. Nothing else is simpler to use. It is "kid-and-grandma's friendly".2) Its responsiveness. I have yet to interacted with a touch device that reacts to input this quickly.3) Its weight, very lightweight for its size.4) Availability of applications.CONs:1) Memory management. With multitasking, it may sometimes be difficult to clearly identify what processes are running and how much memory is being used. This may be a problem for some people.2) Screen resolution. It is good, but definitely has room for improvement.3) Sound speaker at the back. It would be so nice to have a speaker at the front, like the camera. You are very ingenious guys, let's make it happen. It would improve sound so much by not being muffled by the hands, the cover, etc.
tablet|I work a lot away from home/office and wanted to buy a Kindle and a netbook, but a friend suggested an iPad instead. I was not sure that the cost was worth it, but, so far, I'm enjoying it. It's nice not having the weight of my laptop on my shoulder. And it's good to have the Kindle app as I love to read.Two negatives for me - of course everyone comments on the lack of Adobe flash and this is a problem for me as some of the websites that I must access use this feature. Second I MUST be able to read pdf documents. I downloaded iBooks then purchased pdfReader Pro and still cannot read the working document for a meeting in London; this is the main reason that I bought the iPad - to avoid having to travel with a laptop - so I'm very disappointed!
tablet|I have the 64GB with AT&T 3G. I absolutely love my iPad. It does everything and i've been impressed with it in the 2 months that i've owned it so far. I use it primarily as my internet browser, an e-reader, and to stream Netflix. It's a revolutionary product for me. The iPad has replaced my laptop as my go-to for internet. I no longer take my laptop with me on business trips. The iPad does everything I need. It doesn't replace the need for a computer, but it does allow me to travel without my laptop and to leave the laptop in the office (or the kitchen where it usually lives) when I want internet access on the couch.Here are some of the key features that I use:The web browser is the real deal. It's full internet and not a mobile browser. I like surfing the web on my iPad better than on my computer because the touch screen and gestures are very intuitive.Facetime and Skype look great and are easy to use with the dual cameras. It's nice to be on the road and be able to see my daughter any time I have an internet connection (Facetime requires WiFi, but you can Skype on the 3G).As an e-reader, I haven't used it to read a full book yet, but I do often use iBooks to crunch PDF files that I use for work. It allows you to search and bookmark. The bookmarks then transfer to your iPhone via MobileMe. It's nice because I have literally thousands of pages of regulations and tech orders at my fingertips in a very portable format. The backlight screen is nice when reading in a dark environment and I've found it comfortable to use when reading for 15-20 minuets. I haven't read any longer than that, so I don't know if it will cause eye fatigue over a longer period.Video looks great. 64GB is plenty of space. I'm currently carrying 17 movies, about 11 GBs of music, 10 GBs of Apps, all of my books and I still have about 20 free GBs to load anything else. I could probably have gotten away with the 32 GB model.Netflix streaming is awesome! They have a great selection and the app looks really good.Games on the iPad are really fun. I have a few board games and you can sit across from someone and use the iPad as your Monopoly board. The large display makes it a pretty social device.The news apps look really good and have the feel of reading a magazine.Pros - It does everything. It looks good, is very light and the battery performance is fantastic. Apple's claim of 10 hrs of use is true. The battery really lasts a long time. The 3G service is a good deal. I don't always use it, so you can set the 3G up to "pay as you go". If you need to use the 3G, you can enter your credit card info right into the iPad and sign up for a month of service. It's $15 for 250 MB and $25 for 2GB. You can cancel without a penalty and there's no long term commitment.Cons - Price. The iPad is expensive, and you could buy a laptop for the same price (or cheaper). It's a great device and I think it's worth it, but the price is pretty steep. Lack of Flash support, which is common to all iOS devices.Overall, I really love my iPad, I use it for everything and I take it with me routinely.
tablet|I have been wanting one of these since they came out. I'm glad I waited for the ipad 2. I should have gotten the 3G verison. I had to add a "hotspot" on my iphone 4 so I can use the ipad.
tablet|I have had in the past an Iphone, and was not keen to buy one again until I was challenged to try the IPAD2. Just loved the performance and the ability to have everything in one tablet, been enjoying it every day, still discovering the features, etc. I recommend for people who travel a lot and like to be in touch with technology.
tablet|Highly recommend this item. Forget buying a Kindle when you can download book onto the iPad...free even; local library digital downloads or purchase them! the ease and convenience of using this product is a seller in and of itself. As an educator I now take one item with me to class...the iPad II and students LOVE it! The apps that can be downloaded such as study sets app is great for reinforcing material to be learned (as are many other apps!). I also have netflix app and with the AV cables, I can plug it into any television and watch it on the big screen or take it with me while waiting at the doctors office and watch a movie...it's awesome. Again, apple has won me over!
tablet|When I do a search for the Ipad 2 in Amazon, there are quite a few vendors who are selling their Ipad 2 asking for a huge premium. I could just feel and smell the greed from these vendors. My suggestion is if you could wait for another month or so, the supply issue will stabilize and bring the Ipad 2 prices back to its normal price without the price gouging. You could also order from Apple online which I did and I got mine in 8 days. So the choice is yours if you want to support these greedy vendors or get it in 8 days from Apple online.
tablet|Not an Apple fan, but my daughter is. She uses her iPad more than her laptop now. She wouldn't know what to do without it.
tablet|I love white things.iPad its usefull, thin, fast and simple to use. There is no way to go wrong with this tabletYou'll notice the difference.
tablet|A Notation their safari flash plug in is not available;hence is a money maker for third party net surfing providers such as Firefox and Photom! I I almost venture my self buying flash from apps. good thing I did not, it does not help my video conferencing business. Until a patch is created by apple for it some of us will have to Mickey Mouse it.
tablet|Excellent product, purchased used, was in very good condition and worked right out of the box. Good battery life. WiFi is readily accessible.
tablet|Really. Do I need to write a review for an IPAD? works great! you know it all about IPADs... enjoy!
tablet|I needed to get a Ipad in order to get work done while i was on the road and this was the perfect thing for me. Thanks!!
tablet|I love it. Wish I had gotten the mini, but this will do. Compare sizes before buying an IPad. :-)
tablet|I'm still learning how to use it, but I love my iPad. So glad I got the 64GB with wifi. I've been able to use it for all sorts of uses. I have a separate keyboard, but often just use the keyboard in the system--it's pretty easy to use. I love the screen size for watching movies/tv series. I'd order it again in a heartbeat.
tablet|Iv never had any major issues with any apple products thus far (touch wood)Same goes for this. Im really late in giving my rating but a year later and everything is working 100%Still very happy with the purchase :)
tablet|This was a gift. Our daughter loved it. We are thinking of getting each of us one, but next time we will include a cover.
tablet|Product arrived safe and sound and works like a charm, couldn't be happier. I personally did not feel the need to get the latest model with the retina display ... after a point, how much clearer can things get once they are HD?
tablet|The seller was excellent. I bought this as a present to someone overseas.Timely delivery without any issues. I love all my Apple devices. None of them have disappointed me, yet
tablet|I git this iPad for my little ones. It was to b a surprise. and it really was BUT FOR ME.The condition wasn't the bestUnfortunately and without any reason this peace of @&$!?(() in the middle of a game it starts going on and off. The screen goes completely dark. I'm so disappointed because I really thought I was making a goog decision but is is toght to recognize that I didn't.My husband was right the cheapest some times is the most expensive.
tablet|I purchased a used iPad 2 because I didn't want to spend the full price on the newest version. I LOVE this iPad 2. It is so useful and has easily become my favorite piece of technology. Great price purchasing used off of Amazon... totally worth it.
tablet|I love the product but the glass breaks very easily, and it is an expensive fix. As it is an 'on the go' assistant, I wish it could withstand the wear and tear.
tablet|As always AMAZON came thru for me. My daughter is loving her iPad! Had some difficulty getting the item in before Christmas but ordered the week before and they promised it before the 23rd and I received it the 22nd!! Thanks again AMAZON!!
tablet|I used the ipad mostly for VFR navigation and it is really good for that. I also used it for everything else. The only bad thing is that you cant see tv (atleast the channels I want to watch) because you have to download silverlight and apple wont allow that. Other than that, perfect
tablet|I got my Ipad 2 couple days ago from Amazon and i knew i gonna love it and i do.Little smaller than i expected but that's because i never hold one before.It is fast 16 Gig white color with aluminum back.Very easy to use, 2 cams and it easy to switch between cams just press a button.Any ways if you are thinking about buying one all i can say you will probably love it too.Just one thing you should know about Apple limits with watching videos on web sites and installing different programs, it wont let you do that.
tablet|The I Pad 2 was a gift for my daughter who is a sophmore in college. It was an instant success, she loves it and I believe it will help her in her studies, it is mobile, and super fast and easy to use. Ordering it on Amazon was easy as ell and we got a great price and did not have to wait in a line. When I first received the box I thought it was the wrong item and sent an E Mail to Amazon, the response was immediate and I was assured I has the correct product. I would recommend Amazon to anyone shopping for anything at all, I have had nothing but good experiences with them.
tablet|The iPad is a very functional product. It lets you read almost or better than a regular book. You can do anything. I got it because I read a lot, now I can't live without it.
tablet|It arrived very fast and was packaged nicely. Everything was as described.It was a Christmas gift so I am not sure yet if it worked as it shouldbut so far the person who received it seems very happy!
tablet|recieved my wife's apple ipad xmas present as promised, on time, in new condition as advertised and in undamaged condition.Thank You
tablet|I purchased this item two months ago to give to my son as a Christmas gift. The package was delivered within a week, and the IPad 2 works beautifully. Thank you!!
tablet|I initially didn't upgrade my iPad 1 to the 2nd generation as it was "good enough" for my needs. But as time went by and iOS5 was released I found my iPad 1 a bit lacking... Safari would often crash and more recent games such as Infinite Blade (the first one) wouldn't even load without crashing. It was becoming that I was getting a bit miffed with my iPad so I sold it off recently to wait for the iPad 3. Without an iPad in my life there was a bit of a void and I took advantage of one of the many resllers of the iPad 2 in the Marketplace. I found a great deal for a perfectly mint condition iPad and I have to say I am loving my iPad 2. No more crashing, the iPad 2 is really FAST and I feel it will be a bit more "future proof" for next year's iOS6 and even iOS7.Though it doesn't have the rumored retina display of the iPad 3 I feel that if you can get an iPad 2 for less than retail price right now it is well worth the purchase, even this close to the release of the next incarnation. Not to mention that a retina display for a device this large is less important than on an iPhone where the image size is much smaller. The only thing a Retina display will improve is the reading of ebooks and honestly not by that much. It's not as if it goes from illegible to crystal clear, just slightly more crisp... and for my needs not as necessary since I don't read much on my iPad to begin with. Also remember higher resolution also means more battery usage... so unless they put a bigger battery in the next iPad the battery life will be impacted. If they put a larger battery then the iPad 3 itself will be larger.Which leads to another thing I love about the iPad 2, the size! It is insanely thin compared to the first iPad and quite a bit lighter in hand. Now my left arm will have less of a work out when I'm standing and working on the iPad. :PMirroring with an Apple TV is beyond fun and a great feature for those of you who want a HTPC but don't want to deal with the high prices of Mac Mini or a Windows HTPC. Now I can surf the web on my TV and stream (soon to be) any video found on the internet. As Apple declared Flash video is on the down swing and soon it'll bow out of the way to h.264 as the go to streaming media format.The iPad 3 will no doubt be great... and I'm sure I will upgrade to it too... NEXT winter.I paired my iPad with the perfect;KHOMO DUAL CASE: Grey Polyurethane Smart Cover FRONT + Hard Rubberized Poly-carbonate BACK Protector for Apple iPad 2(I found one "used-like new" from Warehouse deals for $17.99)Originally I had the Incase Magazine Case for my iPad which the Apple Smart Covers and this case mimics. Though there were features on the Magazine case that I will miss (3rd standing option that was between the vertical mode and the keyboard mode) this is by far the best looking feeling and quality full body protection that I have seen for any of the iPads. I loved the idea of the Smart Cover but hated the price and the fact there was no back protection. Also heard that the magnetic connectors end up scratching the iPad and falls off easily, this is not something I wanted.Very happy with my purchase and am glad I got myself this great Xmas gift.
tablet|If you are looking mobility? This is it. It is a great tool for gathering information, emails, writing memos. Anything mobile, this is by far the greatest tool I've ever bought.
tablet|When the IPAD first came out I wrote it off as just a big IPOD Touch. But over a year later I was given a great deal on one and went for it and I'm glad I did. Since October I can't recall a day where I haven't picked mine up. My only regret is I wish I would've gotten the 32gb model instead of the 16gb because your space will be eaten up fast. All I'm saying is if you're on the fence about one go ahead and take a dive. I use mine for browsing, reading comics, watching Hulu, occasional games, listening to music and reading books. Sometimes I have to put it down just to take in the world around me. Originally I had a Samsung Galaxy Tablet and while I enjoyed it, I made the switch to the Ipad for the overwhelming amount of applications. Tablets are the future IMO and with the Ipad you really can't go wrong.
tablet|An excellent product which facilitates so many useful applications. Portability is good as it is not heavy and fits neatly into my brief case. The battery life is good and I enjoy reading my books on it. It syncs well with my iphone4
tablet|Well, well, well, I finally bought an iPad. I was originally against it and bought the Asus Transformer first. It's not the greatest thing in the world, but the operating system and features are good in their own way. I might one day sell it and buy a Prime, since I like certain things about Android better. The main part that I don't like is the speed it operates at. (Lags a lot). But this is not about Android; it's about the iPad.Ok, so the main reason that I was against the iPad and Apple products was it's use of slave children to make them and the exclusivity of the operating system. Slave children part? Still an issue. But the main reason I ended up buying one was the promise of Apple of making textbooks for college available on them. I had waited so long for it, too. How convenient is that? No more aching back and such. SSOOOOOOOO nice! And the exclusivity of the operating system? It's honestly not as bad as people had made it out to be. For the most part, things work really well in all aspects for the iPad and there's really only a few websites that I have gone to that don't play videos. I don't play flash games, so that's not an issue. But for reals, the iPad has the best apps and they're tailored specifically for it. The best example is Splashtop, which remotely accesses your computer. It certainly is NOT optimized for the Transformer. The greatest thing is that I can actually watch movies streamed from my computer in bed! When it comes to the processing power, I have been told that the components are the same for both of my tablets, but the iPad plays streaming video a whole lot better. And it also does just about everything better.....except for the widgets. Why can't Apple design widgets for the iPad??? That's why I like the operating system of Android better, plus you can customize it better and surf files better and generally get a more user-oriented experience. Once again though, the apps for iPad ARE better and there ARE more of them, (though not a whole lot). It quickly does hit a brick wall and the apps fall dramatically in quality. Most of the apps that are truly useful, you will find on both. Itunes though is a b*tch and I truly do not enjoy using it. This cuts back to the point I made that files are easier to work with on Android products. If you can climb successfully up the iTunes learning curve, you will do well, but you shouldn't enjoy it, if my experience is anything to go on. So, that's about all I have to rant about right now. If you're like me, you'll just blow your money and get an Apple product AND and Android product. Both good, but for now, the iPad is MUCH better. I swear, sometimes I just want to hold it and fall asleep with it. Oh, and just as a quick afterthought, the next generation of iPads need more quick-access buttons, just like Android. There should be a menu button, back button, (that doesn't just take you back to the main screen), and a quick-switch multitasking button. If they did this, the iPad would truly reign supreme. Thanks for a great product!
tablet|Ok At first I was like should I spend so much money on a tablet hmmm.all I can say now is that I made the best purchase I have made in a long long time.so go ahead you wont regret it .not compatible with flash player but still the best purchase .: )
tablet|I have to admit I was a little worried about buying a refurbished iPad. But as soon as I opened the package it was like new. There's a tiny scratch on the side but I probably would have done that on my own. This is one of my best investments, I got a great apple product without the apple price.
tablet|Buy the insurance, if you drop it, the insurance pays for itself. Very easy to use. Apple support for their products is unmatched.
tablet|Initially bought the Impression Tablet from HSN and all I can say is that that product is garbage. After coordinating to send it back and get refunded, I ordered my wife the IPAD2. This was right after Christmas by the way, and we have yet to have a single issue with the IPAD2. I have a rather cheap in cost wireless router, and the IPAD can reach it from anywhwhere (2k sf) in my house. Has never froze and had to reboot! Highly recommend this product to anyone. Wife mainly uses it for apps for the kids! They love it also and I find the apps very educational. Only downside.... the price. Hence the 4 stars.
tablet|I really wanted an ipad alternative tablet. After reviewing all the possibilities, I bought the ipad2 with 64 gig. All the non-apple tablets had way too many horror stories, both from a hardware / software and a customer support point of view.The drawbacks to an apple operating system were vastly out weighed by the problems reported with the alternatives.Do youself a favor and buy the apple. You'll be glad you did.
tablet|In November of 2011 I bought the Amazon Fire mostly because I wanted to stream their Prime movies. The screen for movies and tv shows was fantastic though the wifi connection would keep dropping in the middle of streaming. The more I used the Fire the more I realized that it wasn't able to give me what I wanted. It did not have a large enough amount of device itself storage space,I could not turn the backlight down low enough to make it comfortable for me to read, I could not download the BN reading app to read my BN book library, and the screen really wasn't large enough to comfortably browse the internet or read magazines. I started looking at the Ipad 2 and after what I saw from a co-worker's IPAD I gifted my Fire to my sister and bought my own Ipad. I absolutely love it! It has given me everything that I wanted - most specifically the fact that I can have the Amazon reading apps and BN reading app on the device and can read both bookstore's library on the same device. I had purchased the 16 mb but two days later upgraded to the 64 mb. The backlight can be turned down to being almost off, browsing is great, reading my emails is easier now. The wifi connection is solid up in my room where the Fire would keep dropping the connection. I am amazed at how much you can do with this device with the different apps. It is always with me! True it is heavier than the Fire - it's more like reading a hardback book, but the print is big and the backlight is softer on the eyes. Also true is the fact that I now cannot watch the Amazon Prime movies and tv shows, but ITunes has a lot to offer even though you have to pay for it. Small trade-off in my opinion since I am mostly a book person - not a movie person. Now if Amazon were to make a bigger Fire and take care of some of the issues I mentioned above - the Fire could definitely give the IPAD a run especially having the Instant Prime Video behind them but for now I would recommend the IPAD 2 over the Kindle Fire. p.s. My sister really likes the Fire and is very satisfied with it.
tablet|A year ago, nobody had an iPad. Then Apple sold 15 million of them in just nine months, creating a whole new category of technology product. The iPad may have become, in the words of Steve Jobs, "the most successful consumer product ever launched."It turns out that a lot of people saw the iPad's appeal: it's a supremely portable device that's well suited for checking your e-mail, surfing the Web, playing games, reading books and other stuff you get off the Internet, and even for getting work done. Kids and the elderly have embraced it.It's awfully hard to follow such a massive success, but that's the task set out for Apple's new iPad 2, which goes on sale Friday. At least the iPad 2 has this going for it: the original model caught the technology industry so flat-footed that only now are true competitors beginning to appear.Those competitors will now face a new iteration of the iPad, one that's faster, smaller, and lighter than the model introduced a year ago--all while retaining the $499 entry price that has proven all but impossible for Apple's competitors to match. It's almost unfair.A game of inches (and ounces)Call it Jobs's Law if you like: The latest version of any Apple product is likely to be thinner and lighter than its predecessor. And so it is with the iPad 2. The size difference between the original iPad and the iPad 2 may seem slight, but that's only because we're dealing with such small products to begin with. But for products this small, every ounce and fraction of an inch counts.The iPad 2 measures 7.31 by 9.5 by 0.34 inches, and weighs in at 1.33 pounds (in the case of the Wi-Fi-only version, that is--the AT&T and Verizon 3G versions are .01 and .02 pound heavier). That means Apple shaved .17 pound off the Wi-Fi version and .26 to .27 pound off the 3G version. The iPad 2 is also .16 inch narrower, .06 inch shorter, and .16 inch thinner than the original iPad.A matter of small degrees, to be sure, until you consider the percentage change: the iPad 2 is roughly two-thirds the thickness of the original iPad, and 88 percent of its weight (83 percent when comparing 3G models). Pick up an iPad 2 after handling an original iPad, and you'll notice the difference right away. This is a lighter, thinner device.
tablet|I had the 1st Gen. IPad and I wasn't sure if there were enough new features for me to get the new iPad 2 but after I received it was very impressed with the clarity of the screen and the speed it processed apps. The cameras are not anything to brag about though, very grainy and poor quality. Other than the cameras low quality, it is a very solid product. I would recommend it to anyone!
tablet|bought a 16gb ipad2 with 3G service from at&t which comes with a sim card slot. you go to settings and input credit card info and sign up for a plan, it's that easy and convenient. the plan you choose will auto-renew every month unless you cancel. so it's pay-as-you-go as i was told/hoping. your gb don't carry over so use it all before the month ends. that shouldn't be a problem cause their 2gb for $25 plan(that's their maximum option) goes by fast(verizon has more plans with more gb options).but checking how much is left in your plan is a cinch too: settings, view account in cellular data. it keeps track by mb, and believe me you should check now and then. before i turn my ipad 2 off i turn the cellular data off. i turn both on again and check my plan and i seem to lose a lot of mb for just checking my plans' status. i quess it costs alot to check, because it's not like a cell carrier to rip off the consumer right? so i'll just shut my trap and not question the cellular overlords.as for the ipad 2:+ i really like the novelty of taking pics/vids using a 10" screen. if you miss a shot with a 10" screen, you know it's your fault. wish it had more photo-booth options/customizations though.+ youtube and internet browsing is great, nay, apple-tastic on this thing. smooth, fast, reliable, looks great.+ i have a windows laptop for work-related stuff so i mainly use this when i want to relax and browse or play with apps. great for that type of stuff.+ not as heavy or slippery as ipad 1. when you accidentally let it slip onto your face holding it up while lying down it kinda hurts(only happened twice).- not a fan of syncing and downloading itunes(amazon fan myself...free plug, you're welcome). but i think the ipad 2 is a great device and i can put up with it(if it was buggy and crappy no one would put up with it)- kinda pricey and you got to buy extra stuff to put pics on it or hook it to your tv.- did i mention syncing and itunes?glad i bought one and would recommend one, especially to new-comers to tablets. because despite the "who needs instruction manuals?" attitude, it's probably the easiest electronic-related item you can figure out that costs hundreds of dollars. btw, something every reviewer has failed to mention...it comes with 2 apple decals(!), which is about the same size as the instruction 'pamphlet'. if those android tablets have decals, i'm there.
tablet|The Ipad 2 works great. Just want to fore warn you that if you order this and they ship it FED X, be sure to check the tracking on the Fed X page. It will probably tell you that a signature is required. I did not check and the driver would not leave it at the door. I had to be home to sign for it and they would not tell me what time they would be there. Just be prepared. I informed Amazon hoping they would add the Signature required in their tracking info.
tablet|I Purchased My Ipda2 which I found It Amazing Product I recommended for EVRY ONE,But only My mistake is I ordered 3G with Verzion which is built in sim and You can't use other sim
tablet|Apple iPad 2 MC775LL/A Tablet (64GB, Wifi + AT&T 3G, Black) NEWEST MODELi Pad 2 is really a great device. I am a new man from the moment I bought it. A lot of functions in my hands. But I though I would be able to install on it my Rosetta Stone courses and the Babylon translator, one of the best tools I have found in my live. The Windows 9 version of Babylon is amazing. But the Babylon version for iPad is absolutely basic and disappointing. It happens the same with my iMac and my MacBookAir. The Mac Babylon version is incomplete and very basic in comparison with the Windows versions.
tablet|I bought this ipad 2 to take on my trip to Germany. It is light weight and has a great battery life. I found a MaxJournal app that allows me to journal my trip and insert pictures that I have taken. It also lets me send the journal page and photos as pdf to my friends and family back in the US. My daughter just purchased her ipad 2 and we have had fun sharing apps. I highly recommend this product....
tablet|First I bought an Iphone, and was a little worried, as it seemed too slick. I fell in love with my Iphone and just purchased an Ipad2 and it's amazing. It's crazy thin, it does everything I need it to. I can answer email, listen to music, watch a video, surf the net, take notes (I love that function), as well a whole lotta other things. I have even dropped it and it didn't shatter and it was fine. It's pretty darn sturdy. I love the fact the learning curve is so easy, and it's customizable.Okay this is an update - I have had my Ipad 2 now for six months and I still love it! I order pretty much all my books for the Kindle application that's on the Ipad2, the games are amazing, I just ordered Bard's Tale and it's amazing!Will I buy an Ipad3, oh you bet I will, I can't wait to see what other products Apple comes out with.
tablet|
tablet|From my experience in communications and technology, the i-Fad has got to be the most tedious and frustrating product I have ever owned. (Actually it's for a child's 'education' but I have to do the tech support.)Fundamentally it's a closed system of applications that are all 'one trick ponies'. (Most are lame.) Each time you need to do something it's buy another app.I'm not convinced it even works properly. There are issues with the screen not responding to touch. It also has problems connecting to Wi-Fi and to iTunes via a PC. When connected to the PC there are messages that it can't sync or that the iPad is unrecognised. I-Tunes is an appalling waste of time and had its tentacles onto my credit card before it was even installed.
tablet|- Durability: 10/5When I say 10/5 I mean it. 3 days after X-mas, I dropped my brand new iPod 4G on a stone-tile floor (about 3-4 feet up) and it shattered (Apple replaced it free of charge :D), yet I'd still give the iPod 4G a 4.5/5 in durability. I've dropped my iPad 2 on the same floor maybe 2x. It got a tiny dent in the aluminum frame. I have dropped this iPad on wood floors, ceramic tile, stone tile, concrete, asphalt, you name it (yes, grass, too). I do not, nor have I ever, had a case on it. Sure, the edges of the case are dented beyond repair, but the screen and (surprisingly) the back of the frame are scuff-free.BUT!!! However you drop it, DO NOT drop anything on it! My TV remote slipped from my hand less than 1 foot above my screen, and it obliterated the home button, which I now keep in my pocket. I found it extremely ironic :)The screen is impossible to scratch, however. Not gouge, but scratch. Since it's broken, I ordered a new screen. I decided to see how tough the screens are by scratching one with a nail (as in hammer and nail, not finger nail). It could not scratch it. Since I don't remember much of the Mohs Hardness scale, and I lack a diamond, it's somewhere between a 3 and 10 hardness.- Personalization .1/5Apple has too much restricted customer customization of this product. As soon as you get this product, JAILBREAK IT! Jailbreaks are not illegal unless you install illegal sources. If you don't like any aspect of Apple's software designs, from there being a six-icon limit on the dock, to being able to run all your applications in windows or have Siri on the iPad, Jailbreak it. 99.9382% of the time you'll find the tweak you're looking for.- Size 2.3/5Frankly, 2 years ago when I was 13 I was flipping out to get such a big electronic toy. Now I think it's too freaking big. If you want a size that is good for presentations, yet still retaining good mobility, go with an iPad. If you want something you can stick in you're jacket pocket yet still be able to read, get something nearby the size of a Kindle Fire, even though I personally think iPad is 700x better.- Battery Life 5/5...I sometimes sit there and watch the battery drain, because I'm afraid if I open an app it will die (obviously this is at maybe 5-30% battery life). Yet sometimes I've found I can play for 4-5 hours, on a 3D game, no less, from 100% to dead.- Display ...The part we've all been waiting for...Honestly, I'd have to say... 4.6/5I thought the display was absolutely stunning. That is, until I saw the iPad 3. I started seeing minor (MINOR!!!!!!) flaws on edges. This was mostly in a few particular apps designed for both iPhone and iPad, most of the other apps were just fine.If you don't mind not having 3,100,000 pixels, take 786,432 pixels instead. You won't notice a difference, so long as you avoid iPad 3's.- Versatility 5/5I use this for school, homework, games, browsing the web to buy a new screen, FaceTiming with friends, staying up-to-date with friends, you name it. It even makes a good paperweight :)- Overall 4.85/5Very satisfied.
tablet|The item has arrived promptly, taking into account that we were not able to buy it from apple web site. I bought it for my 8 years old son for his birthday, as I thought it can be a lot of fun for him, playing games, listening favourite music and e.t. But browsing internet he realized that he can not open his favorite site friv.com. I can not open Moscow radio station - too much restrictions for this pretty expensive "toy". Apple doesn't mean fun for free, they would like you to buy it -games, songs...from them.Before you spend your money on this new ipad2 - think do you really need it, would it deliver for you?
tablet|I will admit that the cameras on the iPad 2 are not the greatest but the naysayers have to admit that the iPad 2 is so much faster and thinner than the first generation (to me, that makes it a great update). I Skyped my parents in Florida for the first time last night (there is no HD version of Skype, so you have to 2X it to fill the screen) and it worked very well. Last year, I played around with a friends original iPad and decided to be patient and wait for the iPad 2. So glad I did, the iPad 2 is FAST. Apps open instantaneously and it is a sleek machine. I have a hard time putting it down. I realize that the iPad 3 will probably have some major upgrades but if you have waited for the iPad 2 just get one and enjoy it. It is the best tablet out there!
tablet|There are so many reviews of the ipad I decided to talk about some things I love about it that many don't already know.All of these favorite things work on the iphone as well.I love the iPad and one of my favorite things it can do is take a screen shot or photo of anything on your screen anytime you want just by pushing the home button and the power button at the top at the same time. This means that when you get a map of where you are going later, you can take a screen shot that will go right to your photos (camera roll) and then you can go there and email or text it to anyone else so they have a map to meet you there! You can do this with anything on your screen!!!! What a fantastic tool!Another thing I love that people don't often know about is in the settings, general, accessibility section there are two things you can just turn on and they will read you almost anything out loud on your iPad! One of them was created for differently abled people and one is more basic. Speak over and Auto Text are the ones to look for respectively if you'd like to try these! They do take some getting used to.One other thing I learned late in my use of this is that when you are looking at emails, you do not have to open them before deleting them. If you just swipe your finger across one you know is spam a delete button will come up and you can delete it without ever opening it.I will add more fun tips as I learn them myself!
tablet|Wanted something for accessing the web and watching videos, you cant do better, there is competition out there but no android tablet has the responsiveness that the iPad does which is everything in a tablet, how can you have a touch screen device that's lagging and does not recognize your touch, colors on this are amazing, wish the front camera was a little better since I use Skype quite a bit, but its not that bad either, other than that perfect device, and I researched for a few months so I know there is nothing better out there, external storage and all those other gimmicks won't matter if you don't use your device cause its not that responsive, this one is , also you can't beat the apple App Store, no competition there either...maybe android tablets might get better in the coming years, but right now no competition , just buy this cause you won't regret this but with an android tablet right now there is a chance you might. And I am an android fan and own the galaxy s3 so not just saying this, only trying to give credit where it's due and apple has it down with this product for sure, hope this helps anyone looking for anew tablet right now
tablet|My purpose is to review the Apple Ipad. The Ipad is an extraordinary product. It is equipped for any businessman, college student, high school student, teacher, and it's even accessible for children. The average businessman, student, and teacher can use this product for documents they may need to type up. It can also help with a lesson plan or a project. There are so many applications you can download to get your job done. It has anything from a Microsoft Word application, to an angry bird game application. This product is a great way to help children stay entertained, as well as adults. With the many games you can download, you can also get things that can help advance a child in learning, just as long as you find the right app to do so.The Ipad is some what supernatural, to me. It can hold information in thin air. This is called the ICloud. No longer will your information become lost. It'll always be in that cloud for you to grab and put back on your Ipad, incase your document may fail. The Apple Ipad also allows you to take videos, share pictures, FaceTime, IMessage, use Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, etc. It is a great product that produces entertainment. I suggest to anyone, who is deciding to get it, to make the correct decision and purchase it. It is a must have product. It is like no other in Apple products. It'll help you get the job done and you can enjoy it while you do so. It does have some flaws on the other hand. At times it can be extremely slow. If you don't have a plan with the IPad then you can only use the Internet when you have wifi. Another thing is that it can be very pricy. They tend to be very expensive, especially if you want to purchase a warranty on it. In my point of view, it is still worth it.
tablet|Oh how I have coveted the IPads belonging to family and friends; I simply couldn't justify the cost vs. how I was going to use it. Having had one now for five days, I can't imagine life without one. I haven't even booted up my laptop since getting it. Granted, I took advantage of the price drop since the release of the 3 but after consulting with several experts informing me that the 2 would be a wise purchase at the lessor price I took the plunge. I'm delighted I did.I will not get into technical jargon, but what pleasure this product makes computing. At this point, I know that I have barely scratched the surface. It's extremely intuitive and quick. I thought I might have difficulty with the keyboard, but the keys are large enough and respond nicely when touched. Video streams efficiently and I like how quickly the screen self-adjusts from vertical to horizontal and back again. The images are crystal clear and the camera takes great pictures.I do have an issue and it is a common one with many people that have the IPad, it does not support Flash. Many of the things I do on the net and job-wise use Flash, so I will have to use other devices if an activity uses it. I also own a Kindle Fire and I like it too. Comparatively, the IPad does so much more, but it does come at a higher price. If you just want to be able to do basic web browsing, reading, and watch movies, the Fire is great. If you want to go above and beyond that, IPad is the way to go.
tablet|Two years ago, my laptop became infected even though I had a current and up to date Kaspersky license. I still remember the error message: "Viruses are coming. We will disconnect you from the Internet. Good Luck. Good Bye."Over time, the viruses left but I kept searching for a permanent way to separate from Windows and for me the iPad2 is it. Gets me on the Internet, and coupled with a Bluetooth enabled keyboard, lets me type out this review and upload it to Amazon. Every day I try to learn a new feature. Once in a while, I make the trek to an Apple store, break out my iPad2, and yammer with their geeks about whatever it is I don't understand. Today, we covered the file synching. Across the aisle, a 5 year old reached up, hit the keyboard on one of the counters, and set off the security alarm. Next week I'll start taking pictures with the camera. Baby steps. I'll get there.
tablet|After owning a Kindle 3 for a year, then a Kindle Fire for 6 months, I am now the proud owner of an iPad 2. I am also in a position to compare the two tablets without any bias at all.First, why the switch? The Kindle Fire is a great tablet, much better than the Kindle 3 in my opinion because of the apps, the small size, the backlit screen, and the Silk browser. And for many months now I have compared the iPad at a distance to the Kindle Fire, and I kept coming back with "why would I want to spend $500 on an iPad when I can get a Fire for $200? I already own a laptop. Why would I need so much functionality in an eBook reader? The iPad solves a problem that I do not have."But the advantages of the iPad only become apparent once you own one. That's when the large screen makes you realize how much you squinted at the Fire's smaller screen. How much smoother the Safari browser works than the Silk browser. And how much better the selection of apps are on the iPad.So, once the new iPad came out and the iPad 2 price dropped by $100, I found myself thinking seriously about it. And before I knew it, I had one. And I like it. I like it a lot.Now, I am still a huge Amazon fan and have no intention of leaving Amazon, so the thought of reading books and watching Amazon Prime videos on a non-Kindle device filled me with a bit of trepidation. Can it all work as nicely on the iPad as it does on the Kindle Fire? The answer is "Yes", with one rather large exception: video. Unfortunately videos (TV shows & movie's) downloaded from Amazon require Adobe Flash which Apple does not support on its mobile devices, so that was my first disappointment. But that's been my only disappointment so far and it turns out that it's not a huge problem at all. All of the other pluses of the iPad make up for that. There is plenty of video for the iPad: it's all on iTunes, and a lot of it is free. The Kindle reader works just fine on the iPad 2, in fact its nicer with the large screen. Book prices on Amazon and Apple appear to be identical. Although the iPad 2 is larger and heavier than the Fire, it's not that much heavier to be a hindrance and I don't see it being any more difficult to slip into my travel bag. Battery life is about the same. But for sure the apps available on the iPad are a welcome sight compared to the Kindle, in both the quantity and quality. This is really where the scale tips heavily in Apple's favor. Sure, Android has thousands of apps available, but Amazon does not let you have them on the Kindle. You are restricted to only downloading the apps that Amazon has approved for the Kindle Fire, and that turns out to be a disappointingly small number of apps, many of which are of mediocre quality. I would find myself eagerly searching the Kindle app store for the same apps that I enjoy on the iPhone, only to find that they are simply not available for the Kindle Fire. Apps like Skype, Evernote, TED, PBS, Dropbox, Voxer, SayHi, WeightWatchers mobile, and plenty more. Another experience that is much better on the iPad is watching the news and documentaries while I walk on my treadmill. The bigger screen is a huge improvement and with all the great apps for news and shows, there truly is no end to what you can watch. Add to all of this the microphone, front & back cameras (I got the Wi-Fi only model), accelerometer, GPS and compass and you now have a much more exciting tablet experience. I also found the Silk browser to be clunky and unresponsive at times on the Fire with tabs & buttons that are small and difficult to press , while iPad's Safari is easier to use and has not even hiccupped. Could it be my wireless router? The distance to the router has not changed, just the tablet, so I call that a Silk issue.So what really changed between the Kindle Fire and the iPad? Me. I thought all I wanted was a good eBook reader and for the last couple of years, the Kindle more than sufficed. But I found out that my needs and expectations have changed and I what I really want now is great tablet. And that's the iPad, hands down.Correction: The wi-fi only model does not have a GPS module, but the location services and digital compass can still show your location for apps that need it. Interestingly, turn-by-turn directions in Mapquest work fine, as long as you have a wifi signal, but unless you have a good wifi signal in your car, GPS is pretty useless.
tablet|I have multiple apple items. And this is defiantly one if my favs! It's light weight. Convent and helpful. I don't regret my purchase not one bit!
tablet|Had been hesitant to purchase an iPad for all these years possibly because I already own an iPhone, and during that time the iPad didn't have enough significant improvement over the iPhone except for the obvious size difference. But with the newly redesigned exterior, upgraded hardware, and my wife desperately wanting one more than I did, I finally ended up getting one. So far we are tremendously satisfy and uses it more often than we ever thought we would.The new iPad 2 is slimmer, sleeker, faster, and lighter than it's predecessor while retaining the same display size. Upgraded with a faster processor, it runs a lot smoother and able to multitask more quickly without getting overheated or apps crashing. The traditional aluminum back casing makes its return with a sexy sleek taper design. I always feel the sense of durability and toughness, just an overall very solid constructed piece of work whenever I'm handling it, even when dropped, multiple times. Both higher megapixel cameras front and back allowing better quality photos, video, and greater facetime moments with family and friends. These are just the major improvements over the original that I feel is already worth it's purchase.I've tried several different tablets and non is as user friendly and simple to navigate as the iPad 2. Once you've experience the iPad 2, you will understand why so many people go coco for it. You won't regret it.
tablet|Everyone knows ipad is king. This device is great and will become an important part of your life. Only complaints:Apple tries to control everything you do and everything costs money.Corners should have been better supported so glass does not crack so easilySmart cover does not protect against much.It is great. I barely use my mac pro anymore and do 80% of my work on the ipad. There are still somethings that are a pain on a tablet though.
tablet|I'm not an Apple fan by any means of the imagination, but I have to admit that I do own quite a few of their devices. I learned my lesson to pick and choose what I feel most comfortable using and to not be so stubborn about supporting a company that I dislike. I should say the only thing I dislike about Apple is their computer operating system. It's not an operating system for me. I don't feel comfortable using it and it is definitely much more boring than using a Windows operating system that has a gazillion more software written for it. I'm a Windows guy, grew up with Windows and dabbled with Linux. I tried to jump on to Linux band wagon long time ago and attempted to stick to it. It was after several years that I realized Linux was likely not going ANYWHERE on the consumer side for the foreseeable future. Linux will always be known as a great server operating system, reliable SAMBA share server, etc, but it will never surpass Windows or OS X. Even Mac/OS X is popular among the consumers and look what this operating system is built on top of! That being said, it does me no good to hate Apple just because I feel like it. I bought their iPad 2 device and have been using it since it's initial launch (I did not buy it the first day of launch online, but definitely 3-4 days afterwards). This device has been great since I purchased it the first day. Yes, it does not support FLASH, but I realized this before I decided to buy the iPad. The screen is sharp, the performance is fast and the screen touch is extremely responsive. The battery life is really good compared to other devices (e.g. iPhone 4s, iPhone 3Gs). It is a device for casual usage, you browse, you email, you do stuff for leisure. I sometimes forget to connect the iPad to the charger over night, but I have not had to charge this device for 2-4 days, depending on how heavy I use it. It's not like the iPhone where I MUST recharge it each night or else it will DEFINITELY run down the battery to critical level. Granted, it's the WiFi version so it does not have the techno-complication of having to deal with 3G. iPad 2 is very stable and robust. I am definitely the type of person who would take every opportunity to criticize an Apple device, but I have to admit that I have had absolutely no problems using this iPad device. I have no experience with any other tablet device in the market, but if you are wondering if you should get one or if this is going to be a reliable device, I can definitely say it has been super reliable in all phase it was made for since I received it. Again, it does NOT support Flash, so be aware of this before you purchase it. It's light weight, does a LOT of tasks that you can do from a computer and has a whole ton of apps available. If you want to compare it to a computer, don't try to completely compare it apples to apples (pun intended), because it still isn't as "flexible" as a computer. My laptop has a built in physical keyboard and mouse, I do not have to purchase a separate keyboard or mouse like I would have to for a iPad (you have to use the virtual keyboard on the iPad). I can truly multitask on my Windows laptop, on the iPad it's "semi-multitask" at most. The iPad cannot come close to the laptop's 8GB memory, 750 GB hard drive laptop that can run VMWare, play online multi-player games, store files where-ever I want, in whatever directory I created. There are SO many things I can do on a laptop that the iPad currently cannot do... so unless you ONLY browse, type a few emails, make a few purchases from Amazon/eBay or other available stores and maybe chat occasionally online... then don't expect this iPad to really replace a laptop or desktop (I'm typing this review via laptop as it faster to do than on an iPad). One negative about the iPad, but it's not Apple's fault, the Apps that people sell may be written for the iPad only or for iPhone only but sometimes written for both. This means that if the app was designed specifically for the iPhone and you buy it... then it will not LOOK optimized for the iPad since the screen size on the iPad will make it stretched. If you purchase the app for the iPad, then it may not even be available for the iPhone (I haven't seen an app for the iPad available for the iPhone). Often they sell TWO different versions of the same app for both devices, so you have to pay double the amount to use them on your two devices. Again, this review is about the iPad device, not about how the apps are developed, so overall, the iPad 2 is awesome... highly recommended for a tablet purchase.
tablet|Easy to use, light weight, stylish and practical.....this iPad2 is excellent and i can't imagine traveling without it......it is not a replacement for the PC though.........but complements it nicely.
tablet|This is an amazing device! Just an oversized iPod Touch? That comparison always amuses me. Really? Ok....then buy an iPod Touch and write letters, and read articles and/books, watch videos, etc. on that tiny little screen. One of the major points of the iPad is it's larger screen!! Some guy wrote about how the iPad sucks because of fingerprints on the screen. Really??? He must have filthy fingers!! When using my iPad I don't ever see fingerprints that get in the way of using the device. Oh sure, I see them when the unit is OFF, and then I wipe it clean if needed. But when it's on?? Please.The iPad can be used for almost anything we normal people do- reading, entertainment, shopping, surfing the web. No flash?? True....but really, there are not that many instances that pop up where the lack of Flash is a problem. If it were a real problem, then Apple would not have sold tens of millions of the device thus far. I don't know about others but I know my company switched their entire website to one with HTML 5- good bye Flash. I'm guessing that's going to happen more and more. It has no USB or video out ports?? Ok....then don't buy it! It's amusing how people "purchase" the iPad and then moan and complain that it has no USB port or HDMI out ports. Really? You mean....you didn't know that when you bought it? Seriously, some of the naysayers for this product that say "it sucks" and so on are clueless. This is a FANTASTIC product! Ok....so it IS a little pricey, I'll given them that. But then, so is the Galaxy Tab. Most products of this type that cost much less simply are not worth it. Maybe the Kindle Fire will be? Who knows? But I doubt it.
tablet|The Apple ipad2 is an extremely versatile tablet computer. You have nearly immediate response when you go to the internet. You can download books, games, or nearly anything from the itunes store or Amazon. The tablet must be sychronized with a master computer which must be done with a usb connector to the master computer. This is usually done when a new item is purchased and downloaded. The tablet is light and easy to carry. The battery lasts a long time.
tablet|The iPad 2 is amazing! My 2 year old daughter loves the fun and engaging educational apps. I love it because it is easy to use and travel with opposed to a netbook or laptop. Truly a great piece of techknoelegy.
tablet|I recently purchased an Apple Ipad2 32 GB as a birthday and anniversary present for my wife. Amazon was the best price on the web that I could find at that time, even cheaper than Walmart.The Ipad2 arrived in about 5 days and since that time my wife has used it continuously even more than her desktop. Kinda makes a Desktop obsolete now.
tablet|First off, I don't know if Amazon claims to have the BEST prices, but if you buy your iPad from Apple.com you are getting a MUCH better deal. Plus right now they are engraving it for free. iPad 2 - 16 for 499.00, w/ 3G 629.00. You can even go to Walmart and get it for that price. I also thought that ALL iPads had to be sold at the same price - I could be wrong here, because I heard that through a friend. I don't know how long of a wait shipping is here, but as of this writing, my delivery date would be July 22-24.So, if you don't mind the wait and you want the best deal for your iPad 2, Apple is the best bet. Or play it by ear and hope Walmart has one in stock and get it the same day.PS. My 5 stars rates the actual iPad itself. It's a great tool and I absolutely love it. Goes anywhere and the fact I can FaceTime with friends across state/ country is totally Star Trek, (I mean, this man totally knew what was coming. In the 60's, can you imagine.)I originally bought the 32GB with wi-fi only. Figured since you are not bound by a contract, (ie. 2 years to subscribe) I would get the 3G just in case I ever wanted that feature. You cannot upgrade. If I were to go on a trip, I could subscribe to 3G for a month and then cancel. THAT is AWESOME.
tablet|I love my Ipad2. It is fast, very reliable and stable, and just plain fun. But there are a few things that keep it from being perfect. First, as other reviewers have commented, the camera is the pits and really not up to Apple's ususal outstanding quality. The second issue, in my opinion, is the slick aluminum back side material. It looks pretty but really necessitates a case because it is slippery and without a means to get a better grip, it is only a matter of time before the inevitable fall. I found the same problem with my Iphone. It would be a much better devise if Apple used a rubberized type material on the back. I spent alot of time comparing the Ipad2 with the Motorola Xoom at Best Buy before making my purchase, and I really don't think you could go wrong with either tablet. The Xoom has a far better camera and does flash which might be a big plus if you are really into video and gaming. But flash also comes at a cost in performance and stability which is exactly why Apple doesn't use it. The Ipad2 seems more intuitive to me and just seems to work better and do things quicker. But I have to admit that my familiarity with Iphone may partly influence my opinion on that point. Ipad also has many more apps available at the moment. One other drawback though,in my opinion, is the need to tether the Ipad to Itunes. I understand their logic, but I really wish it had a simpler PC-Ipad interface. Honestly if I didn't already have an Iphone I might have been inclined to buy the Xoom, but that's not taking anything away from the Ipad2 - it is a great tablet!
tablet|By now there are plenty of reviews that offer the pros and cons of the iPad 2 versus other tablets on the market. With that in mind, I've decided to focus this particular review only for those of you who are in the same boat as me - which is debating whether or not to upgrade to an iPad 2 from the first gen iPad.After giving it much thought, I recently took the plunge and I am 100% sure that I made the right decision. However, this is only in the context of how I use the tablet, which is primarily for gaming and other graphic intensive apps. Previously I owned the AT&T 3G iPad with 32GB of memory. After giving it much thought, I decided to purchase the wi-fi only 64GB iPad 2, since I realized I don't actually used the 3G much.Most of the apps I use are very graphic intensive. EA games such as Dead Space, FIFA 11 ... or Gameloft games such as Order & Chaos, Starfront, and Dungeon Hunter ... I play those games often and noticed a HUGE difference after I transferred my data to the iPad 2. The games run much better, and there is a major change in terms of performance. There is much less slowdown, and FIFA 11 actually plays like the way it should - fast and crisp (and not slow and turgid, like it was when I was playing the exact same game on the first gen iPad). In cases like this - having the faster processor and added RAM makes a huge difference.Now if you're the kind of person who plays simpler, less graphic intensive games like Angry Birds, Diner Dash or World of Goo, you will probably not notice anything different. You also won't really notice any difference if you stream or purchase videos as the display is the same as before. Sorry, but no retina display this time around.But what you will be pleased with is the fact the iPad 2 is far lighter than it's predecessor. This is important for those of you who spend a lot on the iPad playing games (like me). It was no secret that the previous iPad was bulky and difficult to hold. It also made it very tiring to grab the device for an extended period of time (making it difficult to play intense FPS or sports game without frequent rest periods). The iPad 2's weight makes it much easier to hold and less burdensome to play games for a long time. Long story short, my hands don't feel numb as often as I did when I used the old iPad.As for the other bells and whistles such as the camera/face time, etc ... all of that is well and good. The interface is easy to figure out, so there isn't much brain surgery involved. The smart cover is also a nice touch, though it's not a necessity. I personally have one though, and I like it very much.So the biggest question here is - should you upgrade to iPad 2 if you already own one? If you are a die hard gamer, the answer is 100% absolutely yes. The difference in performance is absolutely striking and you will see the benefits of upgrading within seconds (so long as you play games that take advantage of the upgrade - i.e. games w/high production value).Even the apps I run outside of games run noticeably smoother and faster. Using video/graphic intensive apps like CNN or ESPN XL is a snap, and they run much faster than on my previous iPad.In short, should you upgrade from the iPad to the iPad 2?1. If you play hardcore, graphic-intensive games - YES, upgrade ASAP2. If you run a lot of apps at the same time, like to use video/graphic intensive apps - YES, upgrade3. If you run apps that aren't that taxing (lighthearted games like Angry Birds, simple interface apps), or use the ipad to mostly surf, write email, etc - NO, upgrading is not necessary unless you have cash to spare (save your $$ for the iPad after the iPad 2 IMO).That's my 2 cents for folks on the fence. Good luck!
tablet|The ipad is awesome technology. My elderly mother couldn't quite grasp a pc, and the ipad made it possible for her to enjoy computing and internet surfing. Planning on getting one for myself now!
tablet|I love my iPad. Great price and delivered fast. I can check email, watch movies and much more. Great purchase. I highly recommend!!!
tablet|The iPad 2 that I received was in the co diction stated im when I ordered it. It had a couple bangs around the edges but the sleep/wake button in the too does not work but it's something I can get over. Other than that I am satisfied.
tablet|As far as tablets go the iPad is alright, works just fine. There were a few things about it that I didn't like but they really didn't matter to me (ex: camera, keyboard, etc). But the main problem I had was the limitations. For instance say someone wants to play a facebook game or something similar, cannot play it. You can play games found on the AppStore, but not your favorite online game. All in all it is a decent table, I don't recommend this for people wanting something as their main computer, this computer has too many limitations. For what it is Apple needs to lower pricing, it's not worth the price.
tablet|Product is much better than described. We are very happy with product and company We will do more businesss with your company in the future! Thank you so much. We are happy customers!
tablet|The ipad looks good ,but has few minor dings in back not mentioned, shipped recklessly : not properly packaged at all ,got supper lucky it didnt break or ... !!!
tablet|First of all I have to say that Apple knows how to make elegant, beautiful devices that are packed with power and features.Secondly, I bought this for school, I'm in my third year at college. I have completed a Teaching Certificate, Liberal Arts Certificate, and about to complete my Liberal Arts Diploma by April 2013. My iPad has been with me since day one, I use it everyday for research, readings, logging on to my schools system, and also typing up documents on Pages, and creating presentations on Keynote. I usually charge once a night, and that one charge lasts for hours. Its such a great device, very useful and helps lessen the load I carry around. Without it I would be hauling around a binder full of paper. In fact, I'm writing this review on my iPad. I looked at this purchase as an investment, and so far its paid off.Best purchase ever - helps me stay on top of my studies.I should also mention that I purchased a bluetooth keyboard, that helps me type faster: Logitech Ultrathin Keyboard Cover for iPad
tablet|I used to talk so much trash about the iPad 1 when it came out. Over sized iPhone, what's the point, I'll stick with my lap top blah blah bleh. Well, that is until I actually picked one up and used it. After spending a whole day driving and searching through three towns for an available unit at any store,my gf and I finally found one ( iPad 1). Long story short it ended up spending the first week with me ( I know I'm awful) as I enjoyed hbo streaming through the xfinity app. When the iPad 1 couldn't cut it anymore I turned to the iPad 2 and I am more then satisfied even after the new hi res iPad came out. I love my 2 and prefer to surf the web and watch movies on this thing over my laptop. Amazon you're the best!
tablet|This is mommy's favorite toy. I love having the power of a computer in a small compact size. I've taken mine on trips. It's great for watching movies and listening to music. Surfing the internet is ok. I also enjoy reading books and playing games.
tablet|I love Apple devices! I already have an iPad 2 and bought this one for my daughter for Valentine's Day.When it would not connect to any wifi network, it was tested by a technical expert who determined that this iPad is damaged, probably by water exposure.I hope to get my $475.75 back...so much for purchasing refurbished Apple devices through Amazon!My next refurbished Apple device will be through Apple.com, where it will have a decent warranty, etc.It may be more expensive...but well worth the cost, when considering not only the money, but the risk.There was a considerable expenditure of time and effort to try to set this piece of junk up, and then to take it in for testing.There was also the extra money spent to have it examined and tested.Not to mention the disappointment of not having this gift for my daughter on Valentine's day.
tablet|I use for the kids when we're traveling. I load movies & games into it so the kids have something to do on long drives & flights.
tablet|Love the iPad product. the battery lasts as long as it says it does and sometimes more than expected. getting apps and videos loaded are easy. I love the white color too.
tablet|Buenos dias Pienso que el producto se encuentra en mal estado, presenta multiples golpes en las esquinas y esta rayada por detras, ademas de presentar un rayon en la pantalla.Creo que eso lo debieron de especificar en la publicaci&ograve;n.Por lo que considero que el producto esta muy costoso versus las condiciones que se encuentra.
tablet|My wife always wanted to play with my iPad so I got her her own. Now I'm the happy one!
tablet|This is a gift for my grand nephew. His school is encouraging students to have one. It is a little too complicated for me. But I have conquered my Kindle Fire. Maybe someday?
tablet|After reading hundreds of reviews, I purchased the iPad 2. I just love it and it is top notch when it comes to speed and versatility. I love the &#34;translator app&#34; and we have used it in Mexico alot. Really makes things simple and it is small enough to carry in my tote bag when traveling and even in my purse when I want to use it away from home or the office.
tablet|I ordered this product,totally knowing what &#34;refurbished&#34; means, i have a refurbished laptop and never had problems with it!!!never. When i pad arrived i was so happy,but onece i turned it on and played a song, the sound was terrible,wierd noise mixed with a song made it unexeptable for the ears! I was very upset.Scheduled a return, and it was handled very fast and smooth, atleast this part was good:))))
tablet|I'm always on my iPad, I have a laptop and hardly open it anymore. My boyfriend wants one as well so I maybe making another purchase soon
tablet|good to have a protection on it . otherwise , the screen is so easy to break . it is fragile.
tablet|I purchased this for my husband and he absolutely loves it. He claims it is much better than the laptop. It arrived in great condition--- even better than described by the seller.Thanks
tablet|Great unit, but be aware, the cameras, even the better, forward-facing one--really bite. Why they couldn't use the camera from the current iPhone, which is quite good, on this $500+ product, is beyond me. It is a huge flaw in an otherwise mostly outstanding beast. On a more minor note, the Apple tendency to design for profit instead of ease of use is always maddening. Case in point: The built in memory costs $100 for each additional 16GBs. My (non-iPhone) phone has a removable mini SD card that cost $9 for 16 GB, and I can add memory at will, for very little money. This could easily have been the Apple approach with the iPhone & iPad. A mini SD is the size of a fingernail. So I still buy Apple products because they are so good in so many ways, but the affordability thing is kind of ridiculous. Their computers are better than PCs, no question, but should not cost fully twice to three times what a comparable PC costs.
tablet|First I'm not an Apple hater. I returned the product for several reasons I felt to be valid:&lt;1.> It's still too heavy and it's not very ergonomic. This product is not comfortable for me to hold for long periods. I would say I'm of average strength (I can do 10 overhand pull-ups). I didn't purchase it to prop it up on a desk. I can use a laptop for that. The 10" Android tablets I've held are too heavy too. I think I might be happier with a 7" tablet.&lt;2.> A certain social networking app I use on the iPod all the time stinks on the iPad. I don't know why they couldn't come up with something better than: A. Open it iPhone size. B. Stretch it with a nasty 2x zoom that really displays poorly.&lt;3.> There are a ton of iPhone apps, not so much for the iPad. And the aforementioned problem keeps me from wanting to run iPhone apps on the pad. I don't want to have to fight with jail-breaking the device just to run an app full-screen. There do seem to be plenty of games, but I didn't get it for that.&lt;4.> It doesn't even include a calculator. Sure you can download a calculator from the app store. With the added bonus of a big iAd in the middle of the screen. I didn't know I was getting a $600 iPad with Special Offers.In short I would not purchase this product without planning to jail-break it. If you do that I hear of all sorts of trouble with upgrades and, of course, no Apple support. The bright spot, the electronics store I purchased from let me return it without even charging me a restocking fee.
tablet|Most people are aware that iPads don't run Flash based content.IPad has its own YouTube browser to compensate for this design flaw.However, no one mentions that you can't run Java on an iPad or iPhone!!!There are still thousand of web sites and corporate applications running Java.Java is still #1 or #2 language in the world for developing applications.Because Apple had an internal war with Adobe and Sun, the consumers suffer and received a product that has a limited feature set.Check with this url http://javatester.org/version.htmlSteve Jobs has been quoted as saying "Java's not worth building in. Nobody uses Java anymore. It's this big heavyweight ball and chain."What is interesting to know is that Android phones and tables are running mostly Java applications... so Java is really not dead, but Apple is pretending to ignore the competition like they did in the 90's and think that Microsoft Windows was only a passing fad...
tablet|Just bought a brand new 16GB iPad2 off Craigslist, and have some general comments...I found it quite difficult to get set up, it seems you have to connect the iPad to a PC or Mac and go from there (you get no manual, just a stupid little card with minimal info on it), which meant lots of figuring things out. Just the iTunes image alone that first appears on the screen when turning it on for the first time makes you go "huh?" Maybe the Jr. High kids can blast through it, but it's harder for me (I'm 52) and I have a fair amount of computer experience.You also have to input your credit card info! This means one thing...this machine is designed purposely to be a money hog for Apple and entertainment giants. It will have you buying all kinds of apps and music and entertainment to download from iTunes. Another step closer to being an automaton.No USB port means Apple wants to control accessories and what you can input/output with the iPad, and that leaves you guessing, finding workarounds, and buying more stuff. But sure, it's also to minimize complications with external devices.This machine is amazing, though, I got it for showing my work and upcoming interactive apps at conventions (I'm an artist). I can now carry around a portfolio of my work without the bulk. But to get photos on it properly you will have to buy an application for it. There are ways of getting photos uploaded without iTunes and buying photo apps (like emailing them to yourself and downloading them from there), but then the photo app it comes with leaves you without much capability to manipulate and organize them and put them in folders. There are literally no buttons/selections to control things with. This is obviously another manipulation to make you buy something more.Lastly, if you want accessories (or even the iPad itself), go to Amazon or Craigslist, Ebay, friends, family--and buy them used, don't fork out $50 for a new protective cover, you can find a lot of these things used or cheaper than buying from Apple or manufacturers that don't care about the Earth and design products that end up too soon in the landfill.Overall it's a cool machine, but like me, with the way corporations/manufacturers plan and manipulate your pocketbook you might one day start to realize you're just a cog in the money machine for these corporate entities.Well, someone had to say it.
tablet|
tablet|
tablet|I have the iPad 2--as well as iPhone 4 and a Kindle Fire. The iPad is large and a little unwieldy. As an e-reader it's simply too big and heavy. I stopped using it once I got my Kindle Fire, which is great for my purposes. My wife uses the iPad for video Skype calls to her family, but she prefers to e-read on her own iPhone. Neither of us ever brought the ipad to work or anywhere else. The iPhones do the same work. I do bring my Kindle Fire on long trips, however.
tablet|This product fits pretty much everybody. Here is how iPad 2-s are used in my family:my 3 years old niece : photos, gamesmy another 9 years old niece : photos, games, facebook33 years old sister (a school teacher) : emails, reading booksmy 60 years old mother (retired) : emails, skype, photos, gamesmy 86 years old grandmother (retired) : skype
tablet|ok. so this is actually my second tablet review. my previous one was for the Motorola Xoom tablet that i chose over the iPad 2.i reviewed the Xoom and i stick to that review...it is indeed a great machine, but in about a week it started running slow and locking up on me. nothing too hardcore, but enough to make me think that, for the price, it should be better.i went back to best buy and picked up the iPad 2 which i had previously passed on and judged unfairly...in short, i was intimidated. PC's all my life and i knew nothing about apple products except that they were expensive and the most pretentious people liked them. and i stand by that.well.....lets just say that the iPad 2 is just a amazing little machine. it took me awhile to figure out the whole system...it is different from a PC and not google-based. it is a transition...if your like me i can tell you honestly its a transition you would do well for yourself by taking.i am gonna compare the Xoom to the iPad 2 because it might be helpful and when i made my purchase i noticed alot of reviewers did the same...1- looks. iPad.its stunning. absolutely gorgeous. its art. no doubt. the Xoom is cool indeed, but the iPad has it hands down. dont mind paying more for that at all. you live once.2- speed. its incredibly fast. insane. and gotta give it up to the Xoom too...when it was running at full speed it was incredible too. both equal in my opinion.3- ease of use. Xoom has it all over the iPad 2. coming from PC's its a seamless transfer. google-based. tabs. etc...no worries. the iPad is completely new so the challenge is teaching yourself...BUT once you learn the way...MY GOD IT IS AWESOME.4- accessories and apps. iPad. all the way. no doubt. none. the apps are incredible. the accessories are ridiculously expensive for what they are but once you hold them...the quality is there. the Xoom has no real acessories to speak of..and the apps available are few and far between. that said...i didnt have any problem with normal use of the Xoom and i understand more are on the way...which is awesome.5- battery life. same. both rock. ten hours.6- screen. iPad 2. hands down. amazing and beautiful. the screen doesn't get nearly the amount of fingerprints as the xoom and the pictures are gorgeous. this is a non-issue. the iPad looks better in every way.7- ease of use. Xoom. really easy to use. intuitive.8- support. iPad. AppleCare is the best thing ever. ever. forget about it.9- photos. Xoom. the ability to store photos into catagories and switch them around is awesome. the iPad you just have one big place to put all of your pics.that said 10- cameras. iPad.11 - cost. about the same. iPad maybe more with the applecare.and finally...12- set up. Xoom. all the way. plug it up and your good to go. the iPad you gotta sync with a PC and load up iTunes and jump a bunch of annoying hoops. that done though...MAN is it awesome.sooo....its a big purchase. i think both machines will do right by anyone. but if your looking for something artistic. dramatic. tough and secure go for the iPad. if your looking for something familar, comfortable and easy...the Xoom is for you.in conclusion....my iPad 2 is awesome. im glad i took the plunge and have no regrets. every day im loving it more and more...its amazing.im becoming pretentious now. i find myself silently judging others by their tablets and computers. i do and its awful. if you choose to get a iPad you will do the same thing. you need to be prepared for it....its a glorious feeling!!!!! IT IS AND I'M NOT GONNA LIE!!!best.
tablet|Visually stunning, endlessly useful, and easy to use: The iPad 2. Having owned both the original and iPad 2, I can say that this one is better. The long battery life, multitouch, and user friendly format make laptops seem clunky and archaic. Honestly, the only reasons I even tote out the laptop anymore is to view things in flash (though not the huge issue it is made out to be), and to type long papers. I prefer email, calendar, youtube, online shopping, listening to music and watching video and much more on the iPad. Worth the investment. No joke.
tablet|One minor dent on the back of the i pad at the top left corner i use this product everydayit met my expectations
tablet|I bought this item for my daughte-in-law and she was really very happy with the Apple iPad 2 MC981LL/A Tablet.
tablet|I was very disappointed when my grandaughter opened this christmas gift, and it was damaged. We could not tell it was damaged,until she opened it. Of course she could not play it.I returned it on Dec. 28, 2012, and was told they would send a replacement. I have tracking records that say they received it on Jan. 3, and signed for it.Now I got an email this morning, saying they do not have the unit.I have ordered a LOT of items from Amazon, and this is the very first problem I have had. The problem is with ANGEL SELLERS, who sent out the damaged I PAD.The product was bent on the side, and it could not be used . What a letdownfor our grandaughter, she was so happy when she opened it, then found out we had to return it. Never thought it would take this long to get resolved.
tablet|Being disabled, I find it hard to get to my computer much. Now I can receive and answer email, read, check out the news and play games from my chair. It doesn't do all my computer can, but it has sure been a great help!
tablet|This unit is generally an oversized ipod, I was told by many Mac lovers it does so much more, found out for me it doesn't. I will say it works flawlessly, great picture, not all apps work to full screen on it yet. I also own a Samsung galaxy tab 2, which I feel is way better for the money spent.
tablet|Esta tabletas son una maravilla, fue para un regalo para mi novia y a&uacute;n no la puedo despegar de el una excelente elecci&oacute;n, aunque recomiendo las que tienen 3G
tablet|This was a bad purchaseScratched up and cracked on cornerHas someone else's name engraved on backWith scratches carved through the name very disappointed
tablet|Thrilled with this iPad. Great price. Perfect. Friends can not believe what a great deal I had received on this.
tablet|Love it! Nothing wrong with it all. Has changed my life. Best apps for my son who is really the one I bought it for but I use it all the time.
tablet|I bought this for my girlfriend and she absolutely loves it and has never stopped using since. Can't go wrong with Apple computer products most of the time.
tablet|I was looking to either pick up an ipad 2, blackberry playbook, or the asus transformer. I decided to go the ipad 2 because of ios. It has it's limitations such lack of flash, more expensive, non extendable storage, not as many ports, and I'm sure there is more. I don't care much for apple hardware specs because it's competitors usually will give more bang for the buck. I bought it mainly for ios. With ios I can feel confident there will be updates and future support for the next few years unlike blackberry or a windows tablet. I really wanted to get an adroid device, but the lack of security and hardware optimization and support made me go with apple. Apple does have security issues (pdf exploit) but that was fix with the 4.3.4 ios update. I can always count on talking to someone when I need support (within my warranty). I was bleh and asked myself why didn't I go with an adroid device when I first got the ipad 2, but as I start using it I am liking it more and more.
tablet|As with every Apple product I have (iMac, MacBookPre, iPod and iPhone) the iPad2 is a definite winner.One big plus is Apple's App Store has a FREE App for Amazon's Kindle. You iPad will be able to access your Kindle Library. I'll still use my Kindle outdoors, but I'll use the iPad2 for Kindle eBook everywhere else.
tablet|Even though I've discovered I'm not a fan of the iPad (or touch-screen devices that are any larger than the pocket-sized iPod), the iPad 1 has definitely been the most popular item in our household when the grand-kids visit, and my wife's minimal use of it in the classroom has led her to acquiring this iPad 2 model (though even since then she's found a computer-tablet that's much smoother, more responsive and precise in accepting and projecting the extra-fine details of mathematical equations and geometric symmetry. The iPad's various styli, with their resistant, rubbery "nubs," still leave much to be desired). Yet, overall there would appear to be few if any viable alternatives at this stage. Apple was first to the parade and, according to practically every review of the latest model (including that most popular consumer's magazine), continues to remain in the top position.The primary advantage of the Apple 2--from my perspective--would appear to be the lighter weight and more compact size. Personally, I found the iPad 1 to be hot and heavy compared to my Air 11", which I now use for practically all of my computing. So be sure to take note of screen size and overall weight of any other device you may be considering before ordering. Also, note that the highest-rated tablet on Amazon (the Toshiba) has yet to be released! If you're considering it, it would seem overly hasty if not reckless not to wait for it to "test out" on the market for a few months.As for the iPad, the Flash controversy proved a non-issue for my wife and me. The lack of certain ports--for HDMI, USB, display, etc.--was never anything that couldn't be addressed and fixed with a readily available adapter. Finally, look for any other machine that comes close to the iPad in terms of the galaxy of available "apps." The lack of a keyboard (true of most any tablet) can also be addressed--but now we're getting close to a Macbook Air, which strikes me as the more practical purchase in the first place.In short, there's every reason to spring for another iPad (if you like the concept in the first place) and a number of reasons to withhold purchase of any other brand. But a caveat: this is one of the few times that I've found a product sold through Amazon to be significantly higher in cost, even without sales tax, than the same product purchased through Apple Store.[As a musician, I've found a reason to like this device: it can be loaded up with musical scores (several life-times' worth) and set on a stand or piano ledger, the equivalent of a giant-sized cabinet full of notated music contained within a thin, easily readable and navigable tablet.]
tablet|First of all before buying a tablet of any kind (Apple or other) you should set your expectations correctly. This is not a laptop/netbook or a desktop.Review for: iPad 2, 32gb 3G White with smart cover.Good:- IOS is the only stable tablet OS available right now in my opinion, yes android may be able to multi-task better but 99% of users will not know the difference. As for stability IOS (Apple) is miles ahead of Google.- Tons of tablet optimized applications, I have around 20 that I use regularly and never had a problem with any of them.- Zinio iPad application, if you are a Zinio subscriber the iPad is the best way to read your magazines. Much much faster than using even a desktop and also much more pleasant to read and use.- Can play pretty much any kind of video (including avi, mkv and others)if you install AVPlayerHD and output via HDMI. No stutter like on current batch of honeycomb tablets, at least in 720p which I use...- Great keyboard (virtual).- Battery we get around 11 hours on a charge with wifi on.- Stanby is even better you can most likely leave the tab unplugged and come back a week later to use it. If android phones are anything to go by android tablets probably don't have anywhere near the same standby performance. (can't remember the number of times I forget to plug my android phone at night and wake up with it dead, while my wife never plugs her iPhone and )Could have been better:- Flash support would have been good but I can live without it and quite frankly I just wish flash would go away from the web. Its not secure, is a resource hog and basically not very good technology in my opinion.- An sd card slot for expanding memory or keeping your music/movie collection on. So far I did not see a need for this but could be something I miss in the future.I don't like (in general for all Apple IOS devices):- Can only sync to one computer and the iTunes on that computer. What if you have more than one computer ? or quite simply want to load something at work and you are synced with a computer at home ? Your only choice is the cloud and even then you are limited with what you can put on the iPad.Summary very much like the iPad 2 and just ordered a second one as my wife has taken ownership of the current one. She uses it for work now and pretty much never touches her laptop... She is a university teacher, psychologist and researcher. The iPad is perfect for most of her needs from reading research documents to taking notes and light document writing.
tablet|Although advertised as superior and significantly more updated than the original iPad, the iPad 2 is not all that different than its recent ancestor. A categorical comparison quickly reveals that the quick release and updates were unnecessary in such a short amount of time. For new buyers, by all means get the iPad 2 and the updated features. However, for those owners of an original iPad, do not waste $500 buying this "new and improved" product, because the $600 original you are holding in your hands right now is essentially the same.For starters, the dimensions for both products are the same, with the exception of the width. The iPad 2 is 0.16 inches thinner than the original, resulting in a 0.15-pound decrease in weight. Both devices have the same amount of storage, however the iPad 2 has double the amount of RAM memory performance, which leads to faster download times and less of the "checkerboard effect." Both devices include models with Wi-Fi, Wi-Fi + 3G and Bluetooth capabilities. The displays are the same size and both feature the fingerprint resistant oleophobic coating. The processor on the iPad 2 features the Dual-Core A5 chip, whereas the original only has the A5 chip, but upon consistent use, the speed appears to be about the same. The original iPad uses the Mac iOS 4.2.1 operating system, which is just a step down from the iPad 2's iOS 4.3 operating system, and few differences are noted, and nearly none are experienced.The one feature that Apple is heavily marketing is the user's ability to FaceTime another iPad 2 user. Although this is cool, is it really worth spending an extra $500 if you already own an iPad? Why not just use your iPhone? Or Skype? Apple is also talking up the iPad 2's 10-hour battery life. They must be hoping no one does their research, because the original iPad has the exact same battery life! The iPad 2 also features a new, smart cover. What's really "smart" about an electronic device cover, I'm not entirely sure. I own an original iPad black leather cover and I think it's pretty smart too.If you are reading this review and do not own an iPad at all, by all means go for the new iPad 2. It's fast, skinny and features a camera and FaceTime abilities. However, if you already are the proud owner of an original iPad, do not waste your money. If it only took Apple one measly year to release an iPad 2, it probably won't take much longer to release an iPad 3 or 4. By that time, maybe the updates will actually be worth burning a hole in your wallet. For now, my suggestion is save your money, cherish your original iPad, and wait until an "upgraded" product comes along that actually presents some significant improvements.
tablet|As a geek for friends and family I have already taken delivery of my IPad 2 32GB WI-FI + 3G with AT&T even though they're still in short supply because of all the sadness that's hit Japan, even though 4 week delivery times are being promised, don't expect it this fast. Since the IPad uses dedicated memory, don't be surprised if the delivery date is extended out a bit since all the parts to put this wonderful device are just not out there.A device that's finally proven once and for all that we can compute different ways, this wonderfully powerful and as always easy to use device is proving why the tablet computer is our next exploding tech market. Our head guy here at Amazon said in his interview here that we'll see over 40 tablet style computers on the market by this coming Christmas and now I understand why. The simple fact is much of our time on line is spent simply reading stuff. Then why carry around a keyboard we're not using? Be it via Wi-FI or 3G, the upload speeds are simply astounding so we can read or watch videos at speeds that will astound even jaded users such as myself. Don't look at an IPad 2 as a new computer. Look at it as a different way of computing.Another surprise with the IPad 2 is in their ability to handle business applications and environments. The first generation was geared toward those who liked looking chic at overpriced coffee shops. This model is a real tool - a real computer - a really different way of doing things in the most user friendly and portable way possible. Do accept the fact that you'll be spending additional dough on accessories such as keyboard, screen protectors, a stylus and more, but thanks to Amazon I've found deals that's made this as painless as possible - actually quite affordable!Do we need one, of course not. Will our lives be a whole lot more fun and even more productive with one, beyond a doubt. Don't hurt yourself buying one, but if you're like me and would rather live without pizza and beer twice a month so I can afford my latest toy, then this is something any user will have a blast with in everyday life no matter what you're doing. Now why haven't you got yours ordered yet?
tablet|My husband talked me into buying an ipad2 after listening to one too many complaints about my Droid phone. So I dumped the "smart" phone, reverted back to a "dumb" phone and got an ipad. I just love it! It's small and light - fits in most of my purses without a problem. I carry it around all the time - has my grocery list, my address book, photos of my grandchildren, my calendar, my favorite music, maps & GPS and links to my ebay auctions. It has Angry Birds to keep me amused while waiting at the doctor's offce. It has Pandora radio, which is AWESOME! It has a screen I can actually SEE and a keyboard I can actually USE! No more struggling trying to do things on that stupid "smart" phone. AND it never calls anyone by accident like the Droid used to do. A lot...I have a laptop at home for my business use, so I didn't expect it to be a substitute for that. But when I am shopping on ebay, it's much more pleasant to sit on the couch with my little ipad than to sit at the desk with the laptop.I find it works seamlessly with wi-fi and Verizon wireless. I got the $20/month 1 gig plan and it's plenty for me. I bought a docking station with speakers, so my stereo just became completely obsolete. The battery life is outstanding - especially when compared to my laptop.The only thing I am not wild about is the Itunes interface. It has taken me quite a bit of fussing to master the art of getting stuff transferred over to the ipad. But I've got it down pat now - thanks to a little extra help from an Apple customer support rep.In short - you can have my ipad "when you pry it from my cold, dead fingers".
tablet|
tablet|My first impresion of the iPad 1 was "it's stupid, don't need it". About 2 weeks ago I had a heart attack and my Dr. Told me that I need to have a 1000 cal diet and work out a lot more. Well I couldn't use my phone for the calory counting, too small. Well I decided to buy iPad 2 and I was angry, but I knew I needed one for ONE reason is to count calories. I've had it for about a week now, and I LOVE IT. I really can't leave with ought it anymore. iPad 2 really is saving my life, with the apps to count my cal, my workout programs, and even my Dr. Can see what I eat and what I do at the gym. I'm not going to talk about how cool it is to serf the web, and do business on it... I have a 16 g white iPad. If you are trying to decide if you want it or not, and you have the money for one, GET IT, YOU WILL LOVE IT.
tablet|While reading these comments on my iPad 2, I'm wondering, why did I get an iPad 2 and why would anyone buy an iPad? I can't stand the way that Apple nickle and dimes you for everything. Almost every App on iTunes costs money, where as most Apps on Play are free. My wife's iPhone 4S was having problems the other day, so I called Apple Care. I was told that I needed to create an Apple Care account for $29.99, just so I could talk to a customer service rep!.......Are you freaking kidding me?! What kind of costumer service is that? Ok, here's your iPad, want to personalize it?..........Too bad! Want to hook it to your TV, without buying a $100 Apple TV module?.............Too Bad!Want to use a YouTube app?.........Too bad! Want to use Google maps?..........Too bad! Want to use your Gmail account without it being gliche?........Too bad! Want to use Google search engine, without it constantly saying, "Invalid URL"?...........Too bad! Here's your iPad. Take it or leave it. You can't personalize it or do what you want, because we are Apple, the most powerfull cooperation in the world, and we know what you want way more than you do.My next tablet or phone will NEVER be Apple, but if all the people like being bent over and having it stuck in their pooper, by all means keep throwing your money at Apple. Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice; shame on me.People keep comparing the hardware and software of current Android tablets vs. Apple iPads, but that isn't the issue. Apple tells you what you can and can't do with its devices. It's like buying a Ferrari and having it governed at 40 MPH. Why would anyone do this?
tablet|Muy buen producto y entrega a tiempo , lo recomiendo , calidad y servicio , very good, excelente . .
tablet|It is great, took a trip to South America and facetimed with my wife. FREE!! It is awesome!! I would recommend to anyone.
tablet|It meets my expectations. It is really the brand I like and I feel very much comfortable using this one.
tablet|First, I am tech savvy. I mainly use a PC. I have owned an iphone before. Don't use macs. This is my first ipad. It was given to me as a gift. I use android based phones.My impression is that the ipad is very much like the iphone. Exactly the way you get into the phone you do the ipad. The icons are identical. So if you're coming from those other devices it's nice to have the same icons that you're already familiar with.Overall I'm happy with the unit. My only real complaints are the camera, speakers, no siri and lack of microsd card slot. The camera is horrible. I was shocked to learn the mexapixel that comes stock on this device. I don't think it's even 1 megapixel but for taking pictures it's really bad. Very grainy. Video recording is in hd so when the video does come out the picture is good quality. But the camera pictures are horrible.The speakers are mono. I'm not sure why they are mono on such a flagship device. They sound ok but i figured you would at least get stereo speakers with something that costs over $400.Lack of microsd slot. Now this is really bad. iphones dont have them either. neither do their ipods. it's a great way for apple to make more money since you can't upgrade the storage capacity. Android tablets and phones I'm able to add up to 64gb of extra storage. So with this device I'm locked in to what storage I buy. That's apple's deal so take it or leave it.No siri. Upgrading to os 6 I thought that I would at least get siri. No. Apple won't allow that. Kinda sad for their once top of the line tablet. Ok but not really a big deal. Just would have been a nice feature.If I were in the market for a new tablet now, I would seriously consider the Samsung Note 10.1. It can do everything the new ipad can do and more.
tablet|64 G. Great product. No lag, easily starts up and runs fast! I suggest to anyone considering getting an iPad.
tablet|This was a gift for my daughter, and she tells me it is one of the best presents she ever received. I also received an iPad for Christmas, so we communicate through them almost every day.
tablet|I was a little skeptical of purchasing a refurbished product but have had it for about a year and it is still in great shape. Looked completely new when I got it. So addicted to my iPad 2. Purchased New Trent case with keyboard and use it like a mini laptop.
tablet|I bought IPad 2 as a gift for my wife. We have 1st gen IPad that we got when Ipad came out first time. Still works good with some lagging now days but it works good. IPad 2 works pretty good but I just think there are so many better one out there now days with a lot cheaper price. I love apple products but tablets pricing has gone down so much that IPad is just getting too expensive. There are 10 inch tablet from Google Nexus 10 with better spec than latest Ipad and it's cheaper than Ipad 2 that I bought. I see so many other companies such as Idolian with their Studio 10 that works better than IPad 2 and cost only $250. Ii think Apple is great product but I think they need to get in the game with more reasonable price. BTW, I'm returning this iPad and getting Studio 10 or Nexus 10.
tablet|Likes - pretty much replaces my iphone and laptop for daily online activitiesDislikes - none!Recommend - for anyone who loves Apple products
tablet|I think that these goods, it is of very good quality. Satisfacio my needs and my iPad still had it very well
tablet|I Love this IPad Not only did i get it for a good price but the shipping and packaging was very good when i got it and it was new. I also Like this because theres alot of stuff i can do on it its like a mini computer but even Better! I also love that the Battery doesnt die fast it lasts a pretty long time
tablet|these are expensive, but durable, AND there are so many things you can use them for. my teenage daughters still use them, daily, and it's been over a year since i purchased them.
tablet|This item works exactly as my other did when i bought it.I needed a second for a gift and this is absolutly perfect. I needed a new glass because I dropped mine ,apple would not help because I bought 2Nd hand so I ordered from China where they are made(madeinchina.com) .This company had a fantastic service and everything was as claimed and arrived 1 day sooner than expected.
tablet|I Like the ability and capabilities of the ipad2. However 16gb was gobbled up by me real fast. In certain applications like fb or youtube etc. the touch ability was not very quick to response. They could have built in a usb connection to use with external hard drive for more space. Overall I like the ipad 2
tablet|I love my iPad. It works great. It's fast, convenient, it's just really great. I don't know what I would do without it.
tablet|This is great.. Good price for a 64g... I would do it again when the newer one get a little lower...
tablet|I am so happy to finally have an iPad. I searched for months and am pleased to have gotten a 64gb in white with wifi and 3g for such and incredible price. I am so happy I searched amazon instead of trying to buy this at the store. I would of ended up paying and addition $200!!! What a great deal this was.
tablet|64 GB IPAD BRAND NEW with wifi and Verizon 3g for a little over $500...WOW ....i couldnt believe it but so far so good. We got 2 years of applecare protection on it for $99 so its good to go...I just happened to see it at the right time because it went up eventually. it was a gift for my nephew and he has hardly took his hands off of it!!! Great Price! Great Product! no tax! no Shipping! I love being a prime member.
tablet|Very fast shipping ordered two days ago and arrived today! This is my first iPad but i am already in love! It took a lot of searching but I am really happy I choose this one! Exactly as described in description!!
tablet|I didn't buy this product but have purchased a blu ray player from Voltage Converter Store. Find this product from another seller DO NOT TRUST THIS SELLER. Although the product may be good go and buy it from someone else. I spent about $200 on my Blu ray player it broke after about 50 days and this seller is refussing to take responsibility for it. Save yourself time and money and get it from someone else.
tablet|It is a good product. Bought for my niece and she is really happy with it. No more to say
tablet|Came fast and nice to have. I use it everyday and it is nice to take on trips and my friends love it!
tablet|Coming from an Ipod 4, the bigger screen was a great update! Love how easy it is go into all the apps and love how solid the ipad was built. Lighter than the ipad 4 and easy to carry around.
tablet|Everybody should own one. This new tecnology is the best thing since crunchy peanut butter. Bought one for my 75 year old mother to learn how to do her crossword puzzles on she is really enjoying her Ipad
tablet|It woorks good for the moment! Ipad 2 has a nice color,works fast,not heavy, very convinient to take notes at work!
tablet|THE UNIT IS AMAZING! IT WAS A CHRISTMAS GIFT FOR MY GIRLFRIEND AND SHE LOVE IT. HER LAPTOP IS NOW YESTERDAY!
tablet|Apple fan here!!! And love electronics! Music, videos, and it just comes in handy. And portable. Keeps me connected with family.
tablet|A great product, with the wi-fi keyboard it takes care of everything that I would have used my laptop for.
tablet|II like the Apple Ipad better than other tablets since the operating system is so much more friendly. I have an android phone and do not like the Android operating system on a tablet. The Safari search engine works very well and is easy to navigate. The applications and all iTunes store are great for anyone. The battery life lasts a long time too.
tablet|I have had my ipad for less than a month and do not know how I got by without it.
tablet|I really like this iPad. I just couldn't give it 5 stars because the display looks alot less sharp than my iPhone 4S. I know this does not have the retina display, which is why, but it just still irritates me a bit when I use it. If I knew the new iPad would have been out soon, I would have held out on buying this until the new iPad with the retina display was out. Anyway, this iPad is still useful. I use it mostly for reading/writing emails and surfing the web while sitting on the couch. Sometimes I use Facetime which works well since my Wifi connection is fast. This thing runs smoothly and is pretty fast. The games for iPad are pretty fun to play on thing as well. Also, I find the camera is not all that great indoors and most of my indoor photos look grainy. Overall a good product but not the sharpest screen.
tablet|Je n'ai rien &agrave; dire, c'est la meilleure g&eacute;n&eacute;ration.Pratique, l&eacute;ger et moins cher que les nouvelles g&eacute;n&eacute;rations.A acheter
tablet|
tablet|
tablet|I had been wanting an ipad for a while. Mostly for movies and browsing the internet or occasionally listening to music. It is very user friendly and it came a few days before I had expected which is always nice. I hardly need my computer anymore. I just use my Ipad instead.
tablet|Cant say enough about this tablet, easy to operate and get around on it, it completely suits my needs. in fact i ordered another
tablet|The iPad came as advertised but the charger that was included wouldn't charge it. I spent $20 on a new one and it works fine. The back and edges of the iPad showed some use, nothing a protective case wouldn't hide. The screen was in perfect condition, it looked brand new.
tablet|THE BUYER IS ON TIME AND THE PRODUCT IS EXACTLY WHAT THEY SAT LIKE BRAND NEW STILL NO PROBS AND MY 6YR OLD LOVES IT HAVNT PUT IT DOWN YET......
tablet|On time, perfect condition, and the product is great. Xmas gift for a family member. Everyone should get one. Apple has done well.
tablet|This ipad shipped in time for Christmas just as described. It looked great and worked great. I would definitely recommend this to anyone. I was very impressed with the sale as a whole.
tablet|The iPad 2 I brought is everything I hoped it would be and more. I am very happy with my purchase.
tablet|The shipping was very fast, the product was brand new, box sealed and perfect conditions.I got the iPad 2 instead of the New iPad because even in the store I had them both in my hands and I couldn't see any difference. Couldn't even understand why retina display is so great.I love my iPad 2, saved some money and I don't regret it.Amazing purchase.
tablet|I use it all the time. It's great for checking e-mail & watching movies. Playing games are a plus also.
tablet|i bought this as a gift for my son,,,,,,,,,he is very, very happy and used it right away. it came exactly when expected
tablet|Package delivered on time. EXCELLENT! Certainly buy again and point out to friends! I always do that when I'm satisfied. Very grateful! Unfortunately no longer allow the use in Brazil! Not having to bring them here!
tablet|I love my iPad 2. I carry it everywhere, and will never need a laptop again. Awesome!While I did get the 3G version, I've never bothered to get it set up on a wireless plan. There are enough Wifi areas available that I can use it almost anywhere anyway.
tablet|This is the second iPad I have purchased from this seller and I am just as happy as the first one. The package arrived timely and exactly as advertised. Everything worked the first time it was turned on and so far there have been no problems.
tablet|Fue una compra excellent estaba en muy buen estado aun y cuando era usada. Espero seguir comprando a este proveedor.
tablet|A top of the line iPad with an incredible 64 GB and very reasonable price !!!A can't miss buy !
tablet|This product is perfect. It is exactly as described. It works and looks as new. I came in original packaging.
tablet|badwi fi not worknot like new&#1608;&#1610;&#1608;&#1580;&#1583; &#1605;&#1582;&#1608;&#1588; &#1603;&#1579;&#1585;&#1607; &#1576;&#1575;&#1604;&#1580;&#1607;&#1575;&#1586; &#1608;&#1587;&#1576;&#1602; &#1608;&#1578;&#1605; &#1601;&#1578;&#1581;&#1607; &#1588;&#1575;&#1588;&#1577; &#1575;&#1604;&#1580;&#1607;&#1575;&#1586;&#1575;&#1605;&#1604; &#1593;&#1583;&#1605; &#1575;&#1604;&#1578;&#1583;&#1604;&#1610;&#1587; &#1593;&#1604;&#1609; &#1575;&#1604;&#1605;
tablet|Excellent. The IPAD2 was an excellent gift (for Christmas) especially with its camera ability and other capabilities. It has major advantages over the IPAD 1.
tablet|The iPad was just as described--&#34;like new&#34;. I couldn't tell that it had been previously used. I was very pleased with the tablet and the extras that came with it. I presented it as a Christmas present and needless to say, the recipient was very grateful and appreciative.
tablet|I marked I Love It because it is great for what I bought it. I has a learning curve for the new user. I bought it for traveling and it has been what I expected. So much easier to handle than my Macbook Pro.
tablet|I am a yoga teacher. I use this to capture new student contact info, keep attendance records, refer to pose cheat sheet, and play music during meditation. I also read a lot on it. I love having an extensive library at my fingertips. An incredible number of classics are free on iBooks, Kindle and Gutenberg.org as are lesser known works by the authors of those classics. The camera is not so hot, but I have a good camera. This one will do in a pinch. The other capabilities more than make up for the camera's deficiencies. The Facebook app makes viewing all the photos that go by on Facebook a wonderful experience. National Geographic is gorgeous on this thing.
tablet|This is our first iPad. Been wanting one for years now. Everything is great about it except the picture quality. May be iI just haven't figured out how to perfect it yet.
tablet|hell this thing was as good as a new 1 for less $$$ great value son loves it fantastic gift
tablet|Works very well including the camera which my earlier model I am using now lacks. Battery seems to last a bit longer too.
tablet|I just love my ipad. I bought it because I didn't want to spend the additional hundreds for the newest generation. It is so easy to use and I can't say enough good things.
tablet|Awesome as expected. Only bummer is new software not including SIRI, so I am missing talk text feature. Otherwise it is all good and great price too! Thanks
tablet|I purchased this iPad at the best price I found anywhere . It arrived quickly, and the gift recievers were thrilled!!
tablet|My daughter's school had notified us that IPADS would be REQUIRED next school year for ALL students!I found this one and was concerned it may have some defects due to the low price. Boy was I wrong.The unit came through almost like new. The very first thing I did was purchase a screen protector and leather case. These are vital to keep the tablet looking like new.The IPAD arrived in a few days and worked exactly as advertised.
tablet|Like new, as described, Great Product and great seller, quick prompt service and delivery. The iPad is not a laptop replacement but a great tool for most of your digital and app usages, Would highly recommend both.
tablet|I am totally addicted to this item. I get to facetime with my grandkids and family; plays games; picture quality is great!! Highly recommend this for anyone looking to purchase a tablet.
tablet|I wanted an ipad for some time and finally got one for Christmas. I use it all the time now!
tablet|I love it I can tak it with me anywhere. I'm disabled and I use my toes to type and things so it is perfect for me I can stretch it if I need to read it.i love it.
tablet|Works great and it is much more than than I thought it would be for the price. We love it.
tablet|This tablet is a great adition to our iFamily. It is quick and easy to use. I use it more than my laptop because of its convenience.
tablet|This Ipad was just as it was advertised. It was a slightly used Ipad 2. It works great, hooked up to the AT&T network as it should, and is what we were looking for.
tablet|Got it hooked it up right away. worked like a charm. So happy I saved a few bucks and waited. Shipment was like new!
tablet|My (95 year old) Dad is very happy with this high quality device, which we gave him as a birthday present. He particularly loves the built-in camera.
tablet|I purchased this iPad2 for my wife, since I was so pleased with the one I bought for myself last year. I use mine more than my laptop, installing Docs-To-Go for laptop-like capability for Excel, Word, and PPT.
tablet|This was the deal of the century. I love it. It arrived on time and was just as described. I really would not have been able to tell the difference from a brand new item. I feel very lucky to have found this.
tablet|This is a GREAT product! I haven't had a bit of problems with it, it came exactly as described in a timely manner and the price was right! I love it!!
tablet|Bought for my daughter as a gift, gave it to her today. The iPad was in excellent shape and worked great. This was an excellent buying experience the seller had great communications' and fast delivery.
tablet|great Ipad at a great price. Wife is pleased with the ipad. sinks with the Iphone easy as apple pie
tablet|My husband got this for me for Christmas last year and I use it daily. I love it but who wouldn't!
tablet|I love it. It does everything I want it to do. Was like brand new. Great price. Got it very fast
tablet|I have stayed anti apple for all of these years! It took a day or two to adjust but this is just an item I needed and it works for me:)I wanted white and the way it was listed, I didn't realize I could have gotten the white instead, (didn't have an color option bar, had to locate white one separately) but I'm over that... Just letting you know for future reference.
tablet|I loved this tablet. Was awesome and had a great battery life. It was awesome for apps and e-mails. Also has the perfect screen size.
tablet|This is a great purchase. a little more expensive than the competition but worth it.We now have 2 iPads in the home. I write program code in microsoft base programs. If I ever quit programming I will say goodby to microsoft.
tablet|Need I say more iPad is awesome, despite its luck of customization options. The range of apps available is just wow,as they say there is an app for everything. The packaging was top notch & product arrived on time as specified.
tablet|
tablet|Super la recomiendo yo solo la uso para m&uacute;sica, correos, skype y llevar mi horario y citas. Uno que otro juego .LLena toda mi espectativa y adem&aacute;s es muy bonita
tablet|I probably spent a month trying to find the perfect tablet...doesn't exist. But the thing about apple is they are more conscientiousness of their Apps where as androids are not and android has some catching up to do as far as full screen apps so I figured I would spend the extra money and get a used ipad 2 ( did not want the three because they changed the flipping connector :/). Great product, good job Apple
tablet|Apple knocked it out of the park with these tablets. I'm completely satisfied and happy that I purchased one. The pictures are decent quality and the screen response time is dependable. Great purchase!
tablet|I bought this iPad 2 right when the new ones came out because I thought this was the best price. My excuse to buying such an expensive product was that I was studying for the CPA exam and thought the apps would be helpful. For me this is the perfect amount of space (I havent run out yet and I have tons of games and other social apps and email) I use mostly for personal and it is my favorite toy in the world. I would recommend going this route instead of investing in a brand new iPad or other tablet. You wont find as good apps as you will with apple. I live in SC and bought it from someone in GA used. It was like brand new plus i got a free case and screen protector which I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND to anyone who purchases one of these.
tablet|
tablet|Just receive my Apple ipad it is in prefect condition, i brought it for my wife for her birthday,she love it.I received it really fast.
tablet|I Highly recommend this product it works great and apple makes the best products. It's everything I thought that it would be.
tablet|What else can you saiy about this ipad, it is perfect, you can use it for everything you want, perfect
tablet|Ipad...great invention! Buy one. Bought it for my wife, loves using it to read books, Facebook, or surf the web.
tablet|I have a Kindle Fire that I enjoy very much so resisted getting an iPad and spending so much money. After I got it I wondered why I waited so long.
tablet|Excelente producto estado como se describe por el vendedor muy buena para navegar y ver v&iacute;deos y escuchar m&uacute;sica lo recomiendo
tablet|I got this for my husband who had a laptop and didn't think he needed one. He loves it and is on it all t,he time now.
tablet|I am new to iPad, so I don't really have anything to compare it with. It was very hard to set up, but then that could be to my ignorance of how these things work. A friend helped me to set it up, and I've been learning how to use it since. I plan to use it at my religious meeting with literature that I download for that purpose. I know I will come to love it so much in time.
tablet|Are you bored of playing with the same thing every day? Than you sould play Ipad3 it's very awesome !there is lot of vroson .I bet you will love it !!!!!!!there is lot of games like Mincraft and you even can watch movies and TV. If you want to go to a restond you can sarch on the Ipad3 and there is lot of restond you can chose you can even buy things in the Ipad3 . If you are bored you can down lode we chat and you can talk to your friend . I will give the Ipad3 5 stars I'm aredy knews that you will love it! It's very awesome!SAS Joyce
tablet|Very happy with this product. It has a lot of memory for video's and television shows, as well as books.
tablet|This product works great and is so awesome! I think it can: surf the web great, email great, and Facebook great, plus it is great with almost anything! I recommend this, but if you want the 3rd generation don't buy this and save your money. If you don't want the 3rd generation, go ahead. It is not so great with: word, sometimes takes awhile to load, sometimes you have to tap it a bunch to bring a page up, but I still love it ;) don't think I'll buy the 3rd generation, this one is good enough!
tablet|This product arrived looking beven better than it was described. As if it had never been opened. Software was up to date and the battery fully charged. I would definitely buy from this vendor again.
tablet|In the words of my boyfriend, &#34;that iPad was a great investment, you use it all the time!&#34; And I do use it all the time, it has made my workflow a lot more enjoyable and makes things easier to view, more enjoyable to process and ties in my interests with the apps and everything. The seller who I got this from gave me a great deal and he shipped it promptly and kept up with messages to give me info about it. It came brand new sealed in its box and I have been jubilant ever since I carried the box from the post office to my house. I take it with me everywhere and I use it for a lot of different things such as checking my email, pinterest, stumble upon, writing on blogsy and pages, as well as drawing and creating custom cards on procreate (a beautiful art app) and a bunch of other apps that work with me. I do my couponing on this iPad and I just absolutely love it. I have an android wifi only device and I wanted to work with the iOS system in order to see it for myself, and I love both, for my uses, each platform resonates perfectly for me for what I use it. I am also a budding app developer and I like working both platforms. (: I love my iPad 2!
tablet|Fast, efficient & convenient-the best gift you could ever give yourself or someone else. It operates as if it is brand new and not refurbished
tablet|I bought this for my Daughter, she does not have the internet, so this is what she uses for her main computer.
tablet|I bought the I-PAD for my wife, and see loves it. I am now entering the required nine other words.
tablet|I would recommend this ipad to anybody looking for an easy-to-use tablet. The features compared to the 1st generation were what attracted me and they have proven to be worth it.
tablet|We received exactly what was described. It was used had minimal damage to one corner.It came packed well with everything that was promise.
tablet|I bought this item for my daughter for Christmas and she has not put it down since the best present I could get her.....
tablet|I absolutely love my iPad. I use it more than my laptop. Its amazing. Everything about it just works so well and its so easy to use. DO NOT buy any other tablet. Get an iPad or don't get a tablet at all.
tablet|Great gift. No problems, My brother can't stay off of it. He takes it everywhere. Might have to buy my self one
tablet|This device is everything it. Is said to be and more.An amazing piece of technology. It can do so much
tablet|Much faster than I expected and easy to use. My daughter thinks it the best present she has ever received!
tablet|This was purchased as raffle gift for an office party. The lucky winner has reported that she loves it. Great price and quick delivery!
tablet|Was never an Apple person but the IPad is amazing! Screen clarity is amazing as is speed. Arrived on time and can't be without it now. True convert.
tablet|I sold my Windows tablet to get this one. I did not want to invest in the latest one, so I got this iPad 2. It is everything I expected. Very happy with purchase.
tablet|Works perfectly no damages at all is like a mini laptop a lot of memory good enough to keep me busy
tablet|It is great except the blue tooth does not work with portable printers such as HP office jet 100 & or canon pixma I 100 therefore I may have wasted my money I needed to be able to print on the road .
tablet|Great product as always. I recommend this product to anyone who wishes to carry something smaller than a laptop. The iPad has everything I can think of that a laptop or computer has.
tablet|I had another pad that I paid about half the price of this pad. However it work about half the time. When it comes to tablets apple has all the others beat. I know they are pricey but well worth it. All I can say is love it.
tablet|It's the Ipad 2 do i really need to say any more, This is a great product from the Apple company.
tablet|It came quickly and love it! Perfect size, so convenient and it takes great pictures. I never use my desktop computer.
tablet|Received the ipad in a timely manner, and the price was reasonable for a used ipad. However the screen was scratched and I expected better from an item classed as &#34;slightly&#34; used.
tablet|I use it for my daily job and it is amazing al you can do with a tablet. The battery lasts for days
tablet|What a great tool for communications, education, fun & games, hobbies, photography, work, play, reading, news.......the apps are endless and the power of information is unending! Great tool, my favorite electronic device ever!
tablet|I didn't think I would use an ipad...well other than a big toy. I use it all the time. There are many more usable/productive apps, and as a teacher I use it every day.
tablet|We purchased this table to host square up only, so it is more than we need. Would purchas e again.
tablet|I was always a skeptic of the iPad but I am so pleased that I finally relented to buy my first Apple product. It is a complete new computing experience and I love it.
tablet|I'm still learning how to use it from tutorials online, but it's a great product convenient to take along, whereever.
tablet|I received my I pad about 3 to 4 months ago. I did not get this item from amazon, I am in high school and my school issued out iPads to 11th and 12th graders. It's a wonderful device, nice browser and it has a very responsive touch screen, not one scratch is on the screen. It has almost a glass feel to the screen, very good quality. It's light, the speaker has good sound. I have heard people complain about the camera quality, honestly I love the camera and I think it's great. I know its not the best quality but I thinks it's fine.
tablet|THE BEST SHOOPING OF MY OF MY LIFE AND IT HAD A VCERY GOOD PRICE AND IT WAS SHIPPED ON TIME
tablet|This thing came with a charger, but it didn't charge !!!Everything else works doh, like new..I would recommend buying from apple because 1 year warranty is really sweet...
tablet|
tablet|I love the IPAD 2 for its versatility, the sharpness of the image, and the quality of the sound. The most incredible elecronic equipment I ever had!!!
tablet|I like my ipad very much. I purchased it in July of 2012. However, when I had questions and contacted Apple, I discovered it was out of the time allowed for customer support from Apple because the serial number indicated a purchase date of Feb 2012. I was under the impression I was buying a new unit, not a used one
tablet|I am very please with the product. It came very fast. It was just as he described. He emailed me to make sure I received the package. He even stated that if it was damaged in delievery he would take full responsibility and I could send it back. I am very happy with my purchase. I will be doing business with him again.
tablet|I purchased this item as a gift for my husband and he just loves it. My advice to anyone considering purchasing an iPad would be to review the data charges with their wireless provider before making a decision on which device to purchase since data plans can vary greatly. Personally, I think the option of wireless/3G is a great choice.
tablet|I have owned iPhones and the iPad 2. The new iPad was worth the upgrade price. Graphics are very good. I recommend the new iPad over the iPad 2 if you can. The 4g is not available where I live so I can't comment on that. The camera is better on this iPad.
tablet|Bought this for my father in law and it is exactly as the seller described. He loves it and bought the perfect case for it.
tablet|I just love my ipad2 the only problems i found was it doesn't have an agreement with adobe flash so some videos would not play but I bought the iswifter browser in the app store for $5 and now i can view any video I want. then to upload pics they have to either be taken with the ipad or use itunes so I bought a memory card adapter that fit on here for only $2.78 on ebay and now I can upload my pics no problem. also it was interactive with Twitter only and not Facebook bit with updating to the ios6 that corrected that. love the app store. my husband has a kindle fire so i can tell you this is much nicer than that and the app store is way better. i also bought the smart cover as it puts it to sleep while not using. the battery really does last 10 hours, it has never ran down on me and i use it every day
tablet|The Ipad 2 is fast and easy to use. Don't know anything about electronics? You don't need to. Everything is self-explanatory with little to effort to get connected to the internet. Works great in conjunction with the Apple-TV!
tablet|This iPad has been a life saver as a student at West Virginia University it has allowed me to have all my textbooks with me at all times so I can do problems at anytime I want. It also saves my back from carrying a laptop everyday.
tablet|I purchased this item for 2011 christmas for my 75 year old mother who wanted to have access to Facebook to communicate to her children and other family who live all over the world. One of my sisters who lives locally uses this all the time when she comes over and now she wants one for herself. I have played with many of the other computer pads like the Samsung but I think the Apple Ipad beats them all hands down. If it was not so expensive I would have purchased at least two more, but the price keeps me from doing that. I rate this device with an A+
tablet|My daughter loved it. She has played on it every day scense Christmas I have to make her put it down.
tablet|Great for work. Easy to take along, Holds charge very well. Good for both work and play. Games are easy to play.
tablet|It's just plain awesome.... I've had for 5 days and my wife hates it because I can't put it down
tablet|This was a good value for price. Minor scratches but no functional issues. I would recommend this product to other users.
tablet|I like the Apple iPad very much, except the home key doesn't work very well on this one. Had to take it to the Apple Store, and they took care of it.
tablet|love it. not close to filling i after the 1st quarter of nursing school.i think silly to need so many words for a review):
tablet|We are very happy with our purchase. We had one very happy boy on Christmas!! We couldn't be happier! Thank you
tablet|I would recommend this product for everyone. The controls are simple enough for even my parents to understand (lol, I love them, but they're a little slow on the technological uptake), but the functions it provides and the apps that can be added are able to provide complex operations tailored to suit any need.The battery life is amazing. I can use it almost continuously for approximately twenty hours before I need to reuse it. Less if I'm using heavy graphics, etc. But even then it functions for around sixteen hours. It charges very quickly when turned off and plugged into the wall. The screen is very responsive, and the keyboard is not as difficult to use as I had feared (this is referring to the larger keyboard that appears when you turn the device side-ways. The smaller keyboard is more difficult, but not impossible). The only downside I see to the keyboard is that I can't select Spanish letters and accents. I hear that there may be a way to get them, but I haven't had success thus far.All in all, a wonderful device. I love it, and would buy it again.
tablet|The iPad overall is very nice. It runs smoothly and having the extra storage space is great. The only negative thing I have to say is that the screen is not the best compared to the retina display on the newer iPads and iPhones, but that is perfectly fine because of the price.
tablet|This overall is one of the best tablets on the market right now.The features are great. however the glass screen will crack easily if dropped on a hard surface.But it still deserves 5 stars!!! HIGHLY RECCOMEND!!!!!!!
tablet|After I got this for my 5 year old, I realized what the big fuss was for Ipad. Great quick processer.. very good resolution ..many great apps (lot of apps for children kindergarden apps etc download). Reccomend it.
tablet|My iPad is so fun! I'm still discovering all it can do. It doesn't have much memory but I'm ok with that.
tablet|i was told that my order would be shipped to me and in my hands on december 31,2012. I got an email stating that it was shipped out to me on the 31 and I would recieve it on January 2,2013.. So now I have to go back to active duty without my ipad2. ARMY SOLDIER!!
tablet|My son wanted an affordable iPad and we chose this one after shopping around. We wanted more memory and wifi, and this was the right combination. He loves it.
tablet|We've wanted one for a while... finally bit the bullet. We bought the one without the phone in it to keep the cost down... but we haven't had any trouble finding plenty of wi-fi hotspots where we could use it. We can skype or facetime with our family also... really liking it a lot.
tablet|This refurb was just like new. I got for my son to use at school and didn't want to spend too much. My father loved my iPad so much, he ordered a refurb too from Amazon! Thank you!
tablet|I purchased one of these previously owned and it came in the like new quality as advertised. It was boxed in the original box and included everything that it came with. The screen had no scratches, blemishes and you honestly could not differentiate this from one right out of the store. Very happy with my purchase. This is the second iPad 2 that I have purchased used and it is honestly worth it to do so because the savings is phenomenal.
tablet|I bought this one for my wife for Christmas last year. She loves Apple like I do so I bought her one.
tablet|Shipped right away arrived as advertised. What more could you want. Bought as a gift for my wife. Thanks and happy holidays.
tablet|I would recommend this iPad to anyone. I love it !! It is just exactly what I was looking for !
tablet|The bigger form of iPod, not seriously that useful... All these things are on iPhone too.. Over all design is good... The icons are too far at the screen..
tablet|My Apple Ipad 2 arrived on time. I love my ipad it is very fast and efficient. It is very fibrate. The face-time and skype are awesome. Would'nt buy anything else. This is all I need. Thanks alot.
tablet|The price was incredible for the awesome infamous iPad everyone raves about. I love it, my family and I can't get enough!
tablet|I received my IPad from Amazon and I am very pleased it was already set up with instructions to sign in for my IPad. I have had hours of enjoyment with it and I have a greatgrandson who plays for hours with the free games for him to play with. I would suggest anyone who wants an IPad to buy it from Amazon the price was right!!!Apple iPad 2 MC769LL/A Tablet (16GB, WiFi, Black) 2nd Generation
tablet|i let my granddaughter use the i pad and she is only 2 and she knows how to use it better then me.
tablet|Item was shipped and delivered on time. Can't say anything about the Ipad 2 that you don't already if your in the market it's the best tablet especially if you have an I phone. The price that I paid on Amazon was within my budget which made buying it here an easy choice.
tablet|The iPad2 is my first Apple product. The packaging is very nice. iPad itself looks amazing, but a bit heavier than I thought it would be. That might be me... but I always thought iPads would be a bit lighter. Nonetheless it is amazing. I use the iPad for any e-textbooks. It is easy and simple to use.The downside is that I upgraded to iOS6, anddd the preinstalled YouTube app is no longer there. I wish the app store had a better selection as well. Most apps are mehh-- ok. Also wish that one day you can delete the preinstalled apps. Some apps I really don't need.
tablet|The Apple IPad Second Generation is awesome! When my dad got it, all he had to do to be able to use it was activate it on the computer. It has really cool features. It has a camera and it can play videos and movies. It can also play games, surf the web, and more! Sometimes my dad lets me use it. Most of the time, I enjoy using it. Also, it's pretty much a big IPod Touch. This product can be your all in one device! I really like Apple products, and this product is a pretty good Apple product. You probably would like it if you're one of those people who like Apple products. You might not like it if you like Samsung tablets better. I think the Apple IPad Second Generation is a great product!
tablet|There is still alot I need to learn about the iPad 2, but so far it is wonderful. It has a ton of apps to use, so you never get bored. Having a good time with it.
tablet|This thing is amazing! It works great, connects fairly fast to wifi. I only wish it had some kind of removable memory storage or USB port.
tablet|We're lucky that we live in a household with extra iOS products around, because without an AC adapter this would be useless.
tablet|So far, this product works well. It seems pretty solid, so I don't think anything will go wrong with it. Beautiful screen, a couple scratches on corners and back but nothing major. Fast delivery. :)
tablet|You pretty much know what you're getting here - a great product at a premium price. That said, every extra penny has been worth it.
tablet|The iPad 2 is the next best thing to having your laptop with you at all times. I love it, and now that I actually own one, I don't know what took me so long in getting one. I use it every single day. Great product!!!!!!!!! Can't live without it.
tablet|I am enjoying my I-Pad very much. It is user friendly since I am brand new to I-Pads. Great product.
tablet|Love my iPad. Great price. Excellent delivery. I do almost everything on this instead of the slow computer. Very few things require computer now! Love it.
tablet|My IPAD 2 is great! Goes everywhere with me, small, lightweight and fits right into a normal purse! Has many, many capabilities which I still need to explore much more but I get use out of it every day!
tablet|I have to face it. I'm an ol' lady; and Apple has made this iPad 2 sooo user friendly it's addictive!
tablet|i love my iPad its light weight and i enjoy reading my books and magazine on it you have to remember to achieve the books and magazine case they do take up value space
tablet|At first, I thought the idea of having an iPad was silly, until my friend was telling me of the benefits of having one. I debated and after some time I got the iPad 2. Now I love it. I take it with me everywhere I go. To school, work, etc.. I use it to write, watch movies, check email, music, and the occasional games. The main thing I use it for is to read e-books. I like that I can have a Kindle app, a Kobo app, and a Nook app all in one place without having to have several different e-readers. I like to get certain books on certain apps, especially if the price for a book is more affordable than another. Having an iPad just makes things a little more convenient. I love it.
tablet|I love love Love my new iPad. I bought it mostly for work, but I am on it all the time time.
tablet|this iPad 2 came almost like new, works good. Solves my purpose. performance of ipad 2 is excellent for a normal user, until unless u are using it for High end games or memory sucking apps.
tablet|I am enjoying my ipad very much. I have no complaints about it and love being able to place on my kitchen counter and follow recepies. It is very handy being able to carry it with me.
tablet|Being new to the MAC world, learning the IPad operation has been a challenge but one worth undertaking. So far I am very impressed with this unit and still learning it's capabilities. I tried another tablet last year and the connection speeds and operation was so frustrating that I returned it immediately. The Ipad 2 is very efficient even though I have to go to several different places to learn it's operation i,e, Itunes then ICloud, next Ibooks and Safari and much more to come I am sure.
tablet|My mom bought this for my dad and its awesome! I can bring it anywhere and its small enough for my backpack. Small and Convinient. I recommend you get this!
tablet|I couldn't have gotten a better deal. My iPad worked just like new without any marks or scratches. It was sent really quickly and I got it way before anticipated. This was a great purchase and I would do it again in a heartbeat.
tablet|Destroyed my laptop in a usual manner - drop from the counter. Bought an iPad 2 and tried to use it as a laptop replacement. I did last several months and didn't really feel that my range was somehow limited. Eventually I purchased a laptop to use on a long trip. It was a huge relief to go back to a bigger screen, fixed keyboard, windowed environment, and faster processing speeds.iPad is a revolutionary device and I find its design and build quality outstanding. However, once the novelty wears off, it becomes apparent that it is best at supplementing your other mobile devices, not completely replacing them.The device is also fragile, so make sure to buy a sturdy case, especially if you plan to use your device in the field.
tablet|I am very pleased with the product!I looked far and wide to find a sign of use but struggled to do so. I recieved a like new product relativly quickly. This is a very sound purchase to make.
tablet|the ipad2 are very nice. i use and work like new.good deale good produc.i love my ipad 2. thanks guys.
tablet|This product is Amazing and I would recommend it to any level computer or tablet user. It runs fast and has basic functionality, and if you can't do what you want to do with it out of the box you can easily find software to add the feature.Pros:Camera on Both SidesSimple and effective User InterfaceBuilt in SpeakerRuns pretty fastOn Amazon you can find the 16,32, and 64 Gig editions of this second generation tabletCons:The Pricing on Amazon is not the cheapest you can find for the 16 Gig edition. You can go to an Apple store (base price $399 for the 16 Gig ) and get it cheaper than through Amazon's including Tax.
tablet|Product arrived in perfect condition, looked brand new and working as brand new despite knowing it was a refurbished product. Easy to set up the data plan just need to have access to wireless connection or a computer with iTunes in order to set up the iPad initially.
tablet|Arrived on time, IPAD works great. Should have bought it a year ago. Love it. Did not need much time to get use to an Apple product.
tablet|I purchased this "used like new" from Amazon Warehouse and was pleasantly surprised to receive an item that looked brand new. It easily found my Wi Fi and I was able to set up my email accounts. It is a little heavy for reading, but I mostly use my Kindle Fire for that. The iPad quickly connects to the Internet and I find myself picking it up instead of my laptop when I need to check something on the net. It is my go to device for casual browsing and viewing my recipes. Love it more than I thought I would.
tablet|The Apple iPad 2 was given to me as a birthday present and I have not been able to put it down. All of my friends are sharing apps and from the games to news it is the greatest? There is still so much to discover. I love it and would recommend It to anyone. You must be able to pick up WiFi.
tablet|I am soon happy with my wonderful new iPad! Love that it came with a screen protector because the same day I received it my daughter scratched up my screen and I peel the protector off to check and make sure it was good and thank god it was!! I give my product and shipping time 10 stars.lol
tablet|The two iPads ordered arrived in perfect condition. The purchased items were clearly identified as AT&T during the order process, but I required the Verizon provider. Items were given an RMA and return label within 30 seconds of my call. This is the best customer service I've ever dealt with.
tablet|Although this was a rebuilt unit, it worked perfectly, showed no signs of wear and was easy to set-up.The iPad has met my expectations in every way.
tablet|I had been bidding on this item via Ebay with no success, as people were paying more than $430 for a "used" iPad 2. Knowing they were only $399 plus tax, I made the decision to purchase a new iPad2 from Amonzon. The item shipped fast and has been all that I expected.
tablet|This is a very good item to have cause it can be used for work and play. I have played a TON of games on this but I have also done a lot of school and job related work on this device. For basic users this can completely replace a laptop altogether. There are so many apps there must be something that exist for your needs.
tablet|Appreciate if productNeed to buy one more if any promotion is on to itNeed to buy at more competitive price
tablet|We got this iPad because it can read my husbands text books out loud to him (which helps with the absorption of the massive amounts of material he has to read for grad school) but the rest of us have fallen in love with it too. I like it because its quick and easy to grab and read blogs or look up a recipe and its not nearly as hard to type on as I was afraid it might be. And it is my very best friend when it comes to road tripping with our 3 year old. Road trips went from being a terror to a very enjoyable experience with the iPad (We got an Otterbox Defender case to keep it safe when the kid has it).
tablet|Why? Compare two things and you will know. Time and Living. If these two matter to you, then look at how convenient it is to use an Apple based appliance. Some say intuitive. I say easy. Basic. Bottom line - resourceful all the time. Time is what you save with Apple iPad 2, second generation. The core of Apple is it's safety, not programs that take up your memory and time, costly in cash and down town, called security programs. You know what I am talking about. Security for the designers and owners, but un-necessary with Apple.Easy to take-along with its weight-less characteristic, yet durable on the road in performance. Best buy for the iPad buck so far.iT InterestedMichael T
tablet|Love it! Use it everyday. Very impressed with the item. yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
tablet|he loves it----uses it constantly---he makes full use of it----an education for him whereas I am lost when it comes to all technology. Amazon offers the most wonderful products. There has not been one desired product that I have not found on Amazon.
tablet|I absolutely am pleased with the iPad2 !! The 64GB and 3G make it my favorite now. As an iPhone4 user, I am used to the Apple iOS and find that syncing all my information between devices is automatic and simplenn
tablet|Thanks guys this iPad is cool I always wanted oneand perfect condition too. I use it for my schoolwork too
tablet|I purchased this used through amazon at significant savings. Everything works perfectly. Like the camera on the second generation iPad. Great for using the FaceTime feature. The kids like it for the photo booth option (like the old photo booth you use to see in the malls, etc). Besides the millions of apps and games available for all ages, this is great for your e-mail, web browsing, showing your photos, watching movies through amazon instant video, netflix, or iTunes. Tons of possibilities. In our family, everyone uses it, from age 5 to 83! Terrific product. Don't be afraid to check out the used ones. I have purchased several used devices, and have never had a problem.
tablet|This product not only was EXACTLY what I was looking for, but was priced right, and though it had some 'showing' photos, nothing I couldn't erase (out of respect for her), and have a cleared out new iPad 2! THANKS!!!
tablet|I want to do everything on the ipad. It was definitely a great purchased even if it was an older model. I love it and use it for many activities.
tablet|Received in a timely manner, package contained everything as expected and it is a GREAT tablet!! My entire family uses it for games, finances, reading and educational tools. If you have the money, I would certainly suggest you purchase an IPAD
tablet|So first let me say I looked and drooled over the iPad 2 for what felt like forever!!! It came to a cross roads where my husband said if you can prove to me that you need it you can get it... Well need and want are two very different things but I justified the purchase by listing all the functions and daily life the iPad would help with. I got my way and when I got my iPad was thrilled with what I had expected to be a super functioning and helpful tool. I hadn't realized just how wonderful it would be. From movies, music, books, shows, orginization, games and productivity, the iPad has made waves throughout my house. My husband has since admitted the need for more than one iPad in a single household. He is on it almost as much as me! Our 4 year old has found it to be enthralling and has provided a great outlet for learning, and entertainment! It is easy to use, even for the kiddos and has provided our family with a great helper on long trips. Some of the apps are expensive but that is okay when you are choosy with your needs. Most apps have a free version. I have gotten pretty fast on the keyboard. The iPad connects easily to available wifi and makes using the feature painless. I love my iPad! I reccomend a case immediately! With an investment such as this you can't be too careful. Usually you can find them online or in discount stores. Because the model is the same size as the previous iPad and will likely be the same as the iPad 3 screen protectors need not be outrageously priced. I have had issues finding all the books and magazines I thought there would be, however I expect in short order there will be releases. Apple is always coming out with new and innovative products, accessories and updates. Great purchase!!! I am very satisfied. I am a Android lover, and iPad almost has me convinced I need an iPhone on my next go-round!! We shall see! If you don't have an iPad, dont hesitate, get it, it is well worth the price.
tablet|I purchased the iPad 2 as a gift for my mother to use as an ebook.She ended up surfing the web, using her email, and downloading and listening to music from it. Now I know itsnot hard to do that, nor is the iPad magical, but it was nice to give my mother something that wassimplistic, minimalistic, and very user friendly!It was also awesome that the Geniuses we willing to help her out with EVERYTHING!IF not for how cool, and sleek it looks, or for how good the product is, the customer service makes any apply product amazing!
tablet|Very pleased with the iPad 2. It's been great to just pick up and check email without having to turn on the laptop and wait for it to boot. Also great to pick it up and take a picture without having to get the camera out and load batteries, etc. Love the apps too!
tablet|I've had my iPad, which I bought used, since the end of April 2012. I bought it to read articles (both academic PDF's and online fare via Instapaper) and play silly games, and it has exceeded my expectations on both counts. I had used both a 7" and 10" Android tablet (modded Nook Color and gTablet, respectively) and a 4th generation iPod Touch in the past for pretty much the same purposes as with the iPad, and found myself not turning them on and subsequently selling them, so I was skeptical of how useful I'd find the iPad vs. a laptop or desktop.The advantage over the iPod Touch is just a matter of real estate. The interfaces of the universal apps that I've used (ones that are available on both the iPod Touch and iPad) are much better on the iPad. Not to knock Android, because I was admittedly using heavily modded versions of it and didn't have access to the entire Market (now Google Play, I guess), but there really are a ton of good apps available on the App Store. There are good, efficient implementations of board games, silly puzzle games, a perfectly fine browser experience, good Dropbox, Instapaper, and Evernote apps; I could go on, but, really, there are just a ton of ways to use the iPad well. I don't use it for much productivity (outside of Evernote and Dropbox), so I couldn't speak to that aspect. But as a fun device that's useful to me, it's easy to recommend it to others. If you want to spend the extra $100 for retina display, sure, go ahead and get the third generation one. If you're struggling between the iPad 2 and other companies' tablets, though, I say go with the Apple.
tablet|I am enjoying the iPad. It was easy to set up and add apps. It is all I had hoped it would be.
tablet|I recently made the decision to purchase an iPad. While deciding which to buy, I concluded that newer models (generations) are being made all the time and it is too hard to keep up. I ultimately chose the iPad 2 based on price.Pros:I was very impressed with how quickly my item arrived. I ordered it on a Thursday and was told I could expect it the following Wednesday-Friday. I received it the next Monday (4 days after ordering, including the weekend). In fact, i received the ipad prior to receiving the case. The packaging was great and there weren't any tears or major dents to the original box. The iPad was secure and protected.Cons: Some of the apps are not formatted for the larger screen of the iPad. For example, Instagram remains the size of a cell phone screen. There is an option to magnify the screen in the lower left hand corner, however the display becomes pixilated.Overall: I'm familiar with Apple products and am pleased with the product. It is easy to navigate and use. I am very pleased with my purchase.
tablet|The shippment is quick.The ipad is cool. And I am hunting for some interesting app to install. Wish there is more free app there.
tablet|Loved the used iPad I got as a gift for my husband ! Looked brand new works like brand new !!! Worth time and effort to find and research !
tablet|It works just great. I use it all the time. I was asked to review the product. It would have been hard to do with iPhone
tablet|Love it will look forward to ordering more in the future ;)))!!!! It was in great condition received on time and I absolutely don't regret getting it at all thanks!!!
tablet|Received the ipad2 last week and am quite happy with it. I am a bit agressive and it takes some time to get use to the sensitivity of the machine. I am pleased.Liz
tablet|I have a desktop computer and I hardly use it now. I love my new IPad and it's wonderful to have when we're down in Florida.
tablet|Awesome! Light weight, so easy to use & responds to WiFi right away- anywhere. I didn't get the version 3 because it's heavier & I only use the camera on my iPhone. I highly recommend this product. Can someone recommend a good, protective case?
tablet|What can you say that has not already been said. In a word EXCELLENT! The product does Apple proud and gives the consumer a near perfect product.
tablet|I got this product for my high school best friend. She liked it very much. It's beautiful and very convenient to use
tablet|Received promptly, works great. I have had for this for over a month with no problems. I am very happy with this purchase.
tablet|After talking with Apple I was able to get my IPad up and running. It is a wonderful product, as described and arrived early! Best price I found. Thank you.
tablet|If you are someone who enjoys being entertained 24 hours a day, then this product is definitely for you! The iPad is a very convenient device to have. It can do many different things and can always keep you occupied. From sitting in a doctor's office, to just being bored at home, you'll always have something to do. My personal favorite feature is its wide range of applications you can download. It seems like there is an app for everything today. It has GPS just in case you get lost. It helps you figure out where you are, and where you need to go, in a matter of minutes. This app in particular has bailed me out a couple times in the past. You won't understand how helpful it is until you are actually in that situation. There are also a ton of other apps. I use one for my Chase Bank account, so I can check my account wherever I am. Another one of my favorites is the weather channel app. I can wake up and right away and know what the weather will be like, so I can decide what clothes to wear. These are just a few of the apps that made me fall in love with the iPad 2. The iPad also has many other uses. It can be used as a laptop. It provides an on-screen keyboard, and also the choice to plug in an external keyboard if preferred. It really comes in handy for a busy student like me. I can write papers sitting at a table in between classes, or do any online homework that I may have. I was really surprised with its very impressive storage capacity, which can be up to 64GB, giving you tons of space to save those half-written papers and assignments.It doesn't stop at writing papers though. It can do many other things that you would usually need a laptop for. For instance, you can browse the internet, email, listen to music, watch videos, and play games. Speaking of games, the amount of games that the iPad offers is ridiculous. There are more games than you could play in a lifetime. It seems like every week I'm hooked on a different game. It also has cool little gadgets. It combines the camera phone, with the laptops video camera, giving it dual cameras (front and back) making it easy to take pictures or video chat with your friends. On top of that, the iPad is joined with iTunes, giving you countless hours of your favorite music to listen to whenever you want. I enjoy being able to carry around all my favorite music in my car or backpack.In conclusion, Apple's iPad 2 gives you everything a laptop does, plus more, and for a much cheaper price. Some laptops could go for 3 times the price of an iPad. Sometimes I get a headache just thinking about everything an iPad has to offer. The fact that Apple could install so many useful tools into such a thin, portable device is incredible. I take for granted how much I use it, and just how much it factors into my everyday life. I can honestly not think of one good reason why someone should not buy this product. In today's world of growing technology, this has to be one of the most advanced products on the market today.--Technology is the fastest growing development on earth. Millions and millions of people worldwide use electronic devices daily. One of the most popular according to time magazine is the iPad2; it is projected to sell sixty-five million units by the end of the year. We are then forced to choose between two conclusions: either Apple's iPad2 is an amazing product or sixty-five million people are complete and utter morons. This raises the question, why should you purchase this product? It's simple; the iPad2 has many factors that lead to its desirability: It is relatively low in price, fast processing speed and internet access, and lastly, the plethora of flash-game applications that are, arguably more addictive than nicotine. One of its most important selling points, it's cheap. Why does that matter? It's simple, almost no consumers want to overpay; and when they feel they are getting a good deal, they are more likely to buy something. The iPad2 has a shockingly low starting price of four hundred dollars. How can they produce such a mind-blowing, epilepsy inducing device? Well, the good folks at Apple have all their factories setup overseas (usually somewhere in Chine). They do this in order to keep assembly costs down, they then pass this value onto us, the consumer. Economics shows us that if the cost of an item is lower, then more people will buy it. The millions of Americans and other peoples around the world with comparable incomes are the perfect consumer for this product. Thus, Apple appeals to the largest income group in America which accounts for so much of their sales. I know exactly what you are thinking, why would I buy this thing for four hundred and twenty dollars when I can buy a Samsung galaxy tablet for about half the price? Well, legally I am obligated to tell you that you may buy the Samsung galaxy tablet, if you are so inclined. However, I am about to enlighten you with some nerd jargon. The iPad2 has about twice the memory as the tablet (16 gigabytes versus 8 gigabytes). Why does that matter? If your computing device has more memory, then it will run much faster because of the available random access memory. Plus, the iPad2 has about ten hours of battery life, which is about the flight time of Miami, Florida to Chile. One major downside of the Samsung tablet is that it uses the Android operating system whereas the iPad2 uses the apple operating system. The Android OS is not user friendly at all; whereas, the apple OS is so user friendly that it does not even come with an instruction manual. The iPad2 is so simplistic that my grandmother and five year old cousin can use them easily. In conclusion, if you have an extra two hundred dollars to spend, then the iPad2 is definitely worth the expense.Lastly, who could forget about all the addictive, mindless games that come with the iPad2? This device has thousands of applications that can suit needs as simple as wanting to play a game when you are bored all the way to a photographer-esque camera application. Although, there is a tale of caution; when using the ipad2 to take a picture with, you might as well be holding your grandmother's baking sheet while standing in front of a mirror. The iPad2 has a beautiful display screen with thousands of pixels that make playing your favorite games; such as angry birds, tiny wings, fruit ninja, or even scrabble look liquid clear. All of these features add up to an amazing device for the low-low prices of four hundred and twenty dollars. It has internet access, so it can be business friendly. Also, it has a forward lens, so that you can Skype while away at college. Ultimately, the iPad is the future of technology and conveniently priced.
tablet|The iPad came in good shape, scratches on back as mentioned. But it was never mentioned that there was a scratch on the front screen. Its not too noticeable but I should have paid less considering that because others were the same price without this problem.
tablet|didnt get the ipad 3 because it is heavier, and dont care if the battery its going to last 5 instead of 10 hours. Just wanted a light tablet!!.the main problem which is not a secret to anyone at this moment is that it is very restricted to the use of the famous(infamous) itunes.the only way to copy my tons of bookmarks was on safari and with the help of an expert. the only movie format that reads is mp4,and nothing ,pictures,files,videos,nothing can be organized on the tablet itself. It has to be done in the computer,and then moved to the ipad. In my humble opinion apple has never been friendly,or easy to use,and its full of restrictions but WHO CARES,its an apple, its magnificent!
tablet|Purchased for my wife that hates technology..She's using it, every day found a new appl:Easy, comfortable to move, high definition screen (do yo NEED more??)
tablet|The Ipad 2 is amazing I've had it almost a month and I can't put it down nor can I stop trying to find out what more it can do.
tablet|it is ok, excpet that too expensive for those software. I should learn to pay for the price of IP. HAHA!
tablet|This is absolutely amazing, I was skeptical buying online but no problem. It was packaged up amazingly, so no problem at all, defenately the best investment I made into my low vision inventory(:
tablet|I received my iPad a couple days ago and absolutely love it! It actually came a week earlier than the estimated delivery date which I was surprised because I was not expecting it yet. I had been doing my research on the tablets and the iPad but finally ended up choosing the iPad and It was definitely the right choice ,and the battery life is a lot better than I thought a full charge can last me about 2-3 days upto 4 depending how much I use it.
tablet|I appreciate the fact that mistakes are sometimes made, but to order a black IPad Tablet and have white one arrive makes one wonder how well the quality control system works. The distributor provided a smart cover to atone for the mistake. That was appreciated, but cannot dispel the disappointment in receiving the wrong product.
tablet|That was my best buy in 2012. Good product, great service. This is the way to go! I am really enjoy my new toy.
tablet|Mi esposa esta encantada con el producto ella es medico y la gran variedad de aplicaciones para medicina son excelentes, le esta sacando el m&aacute;ximo provecho 100% recomendado
tablet|I bought this for my husband and he loves it! He searches the internet with it, reads, watches tutorials on his various tools when he is out in his shop. The size is perfect, he can read on it easier then on the Kindle Fire because the screen is larger. We both have one now and are very happy with our IPads, we are in our late 60"s and it was easy to learn how to use. When the grandkids are over they like to play games on them too, inexpensive entertainment. One more thing, we downloaded a GPS app which is very helpful when we travel, skype for the kids that are out of state, and Words With Friends, helps keep us sharp :)
tablet|This is an ideal item for the business Mom--Work:* Great for checking email- Microsoft docs you will have to download app for attachments. Also Adobe files are no accessible either since Bill and Steve didn't get along.* Webcasts/conference calls* Linkedin, etc* Love how small it is.Mom engineering:1. Great for Movies/games apps for the little ones2. Fb3. Exercise videos when on the runNegatives:After downloading 2 Disney Movies and one exercise video I am being told I don't have enough storage on iCloud. Of course, I am sure I Cloud is willing to sell me additional space. LOL
tablet|I love my iPad. It is so easy to use and so useful. I bought the one without the cellular data ability. I didn't want to have to pay for a data plan and saved money on the cost of the iPad. That was the right choice for me. I use it all over the place with free wi fi spots so widely available. There are so many apps available that you can customize it for your needs very easily. This almost replaces my laptop computer. I hardly ever turn on the laptop anymore. The iPad runs faster than my laptop on most things online. I bought my iPad after falling in love with the one that I was issued for use in my special education class. I have been totally amazed at the things that I have seen happening in my classroom with the iPad. Any teacher, homeschoolers, or parent should have at least one iPad strictly for the kids. They are great learning tools with so many educational apps available--most free or low cost. And if you have a special needs child or student, then you doubly need an iPad for their use. It is much easier to use than a conventional computer for special needs children. And if you have a child with any disability on the Autism spectrum than you absolutely, without a doubt MUST have an iPad for your child. There are hundreds of apps designed just for people with Autism. If for no other reason than to use as an augmented communication system device, you must get this for your child with Autism.If I am asked to name one flaw with the iPad, it is that it cannot be cleaned. The screen gets lots of finger prints and gunk on it--especially with children using it. And it will get scratches on the screen, no matter how careful you are. If using it in a classroom with lots of children it can be a germ breeding ground since you cannot wipe it down with disinfectant. At school, we stick them inside gallon zip close storage bags as a good protective covering that can be thrown out and replaced cheaply. Screen protectors are a must have accessory.
tablet|I have had a couple of iPhones, and now this iPad. I like it, mostly because the same apps for my phone are on it. I did not get the cellular package, as I use it mainly at home and at hot spots, but so far, I have liked it.
tablet|I already had an ipad 2 and i knew my older brother wanted one, so i got him this one and he loved it. It's small and smooth, very well done.
tablet|iPad was just as they said. Looks new and works great, no problems what so ever and best yet still under apple care like they said.
tablet|We received the product within three days over the weekend. It was still in the original box with the Apple warranty. The ipad was in near perfect shape.The ipad is very easy to use and navigate. We downloaded a few apps, all our itunes songs, movies and books. Very easy to read, quality sound and screen. We just love it!We are already thinking of purchasing another one for us adults because our teenagers hog it and we want to play!
tablet|IPAD is an awesome tool! I use it everyday! The price is really good for the 64gb IPAD 2! I recommend this product!
tablet|exceeded my expectations. item arrived faster than i expected, right ontime for my trip. normally i dont write reviews but this was truly note-worthy.
tablet|I got it in 3 days, super fast. It's clean and awesome. My family thought it was brand new. So far as I learn to use it and load up the apps I'm loving it. If I wanted to nit-pick and this is nit-picky, I didn't like the bubble envelope it was packaged in, but that's about it. Everything else is cool.Thanks Amazon and thanks Encore Equipment!
tablet|My iPad 2 has worked great for me, and even though I originally expected that I would need more space, the 16 GBs have been plenty. However, this is my first tablet, and one thing I've noticed is that it's hard to do much besides watch movies, play games, and check email on them without some sort of a keyboard. The on-screen keyboard is just too clunky and hard to use to be very productive on. If this was easier to use, I'd give it 5 stars.
tablet|I am very pleased with my iPad, never knew I would use it so much. At first had second thoughts about buying a used one but so far I love it and was taking care of . I have jet to get a bill for it and don't understand that, no one at Amonazon seems to br able to help me with that. Thanks for a good product.
tablet|Most of the reviewers have given all the pros and cons, so I won't bore you with another list here. Like most people, I use the iPad 90% of the time on just a few Apps. For me, reading an ebook, checking stock quotes, and reading the news constitute most of what I do. It's good to have half a million Apps, but it's impossible to use that many, or even a fraction of that. I've compared the iPad to the Kindle for reading ebooks. For me, the iPad is the clear winner. In my opinion, the iPad is easier to read and is sharper, also the color is a plus. The Kindle is hard to read in low light. Maybe if you are outside, the Kindle would have the edge, but I never read outside, and I think most people don't (possibly some do at the beach). I have an iPad 1 with WiFi and 3G, and an iPad 2 with WiFi only. I think the WiFi is the way to go because of the cost savings. Sometimes the 3G is nice, but I don't use it that often. Bottom line, I can recommend either model. It's reliable, easy to use, and Apple has the updates to improve things or fix any bugs that crop up.
tablet|The Ipad2 is a very good product. I bought it when it came out from Apple. Mine was stolen a year later and I bought this one from Amazon. It is exactly as advertised and is working in perfect condition. I saved about $150. I would highly recommend this to anyone.
tablet|I needed a larger memory on my iPad 2. Since they are only available in 16GB from apple, I was having a hard time finding a new one with 64GB, even online. Amazon had a vendor who was able to sell me the higher memory iPad at a reasonable price, and it was shipped promptly. I am very satisfied with this purchase from all points of service.
tablet|my dad has an ipad i always play it and i refuse to say its less than awesome so now im getting my own
tablet|Very quick and very sturdy feeling. The battery seems to last all day too. And tons of apps to use and play with.
tablet|This is an incredible and a great good looking tablet, almost a laptop because you can all you want with it, i recommend it and i will buy again from this seller
tablet|I love the ipad for my personal use. I bought it to test for business use, but found few applications that apply to my business. So now it is my personal device. Great for photos, music, ibooks, etc.
tablet|I received my iPad 2 in great new condition. It was delivered in prompt time. It works great!! I even purchased an outer box for it to completely protect my iPad.
tablet|This Ipad was in much better condition than the product description. It said light scratches on the back well, there were very few and hardly noticeable. Ipad was in great condition. Fast shipping. I would recommend this seller to my friends and I would def to business with the seller again. Thank You for the Ipad.
tablet|Not a scratch on it. It works perfect. The box also looked new, and everything was in the box instruction and all literature that comes with a new I-Pad.What a great vendor. Thanks for the great deal ! I will buy from this vendor again.
tablet|The iPad runs great! I had been wanting one for a while and it was great to find one at such a good price that runs like it is brand new. I am actually writing this very review on it now. It works marvelously and am glad that I made the purchase.
tablet|Love the ipad 2. This is my first ipad and it goes everywhere with me. I wouldn't be without it. Plan on buying one for my husband for Christmas this year.
tablet|You can't buy a 64 gig IPad2 in stores anymore. Amazon had it for a good $100 less. The 2 doesn't have as good camera resolution as three, but that's what I use my IPhone for. And with Cloud all of the pics come to my IPad, then I do all of my photo editing. It has virtually replaced my laptop!
tablet|I love my IPAD, truly the world is closer now, I use and share it with my 6 year old daughter!!! She loves it too!! best of the best, this is my first Apple item and I can't believe os always on!! you don't have to wait untill anything boots! love it love it love it!
tablet|I never realized what I was missing by using a pc instead of a Mac product all these years. This thing is amazing! It is so easy to understand and use I can't believe it. The picture, sound and options are still blowing my mind and it's been a month. Takes a while to charge but that's no big deal. Everyone has to sleep. With the amazon prime option I got it the next day. Very happy!
tablet|I love my new ipad. Had a little trouble setting it up and ended up going to a local apple store, but they couldn't help too. I finally got it working after a few days, I won't leave home with out it.
tablet|The iPad we ordered arrived promptly and in good order. It set up quickly and in no time we were online and learning a new way to surf. We are entirely happy with the product and the ordering process.
tablet|Love it. It's perfect and in perfect condition. It got here really quickly too! Got it for my cousin's grad gift, she loved it. Thank you ever so much.
tablet|This is a great product, its my first apple Thing and it works wonderfull. I am very excited. Very user friendly
tablet|I'm enjoying my IPad ! Excellent price and excellent quality! I had it know for about a month. If you are looking for one this is the place to get it from.
tablet|Aazing technology. Even though I had some amazing tablets, this is nothing like any of them. Yes, it does offer less functions then others, but it is also easy to use
tablet|Todo estuvo perfecto, desde que realizamos el pedido hasta que lo recibimos. Excelente logistica y entrega. El producto esta impecable. Gracias
tablet|Very happy with it! It is great for everyone that loves to travel.Excellent costumer service.I will recommend it.
tablet|Great! got in right on time. perfect condition, no problems and works unbelievably. this ipad is better than the first one, good processor and amazing touch reactivity. 5 stars for this product, love it
tablet|Very happy with the purchase and would recommend it to anyone interested. I've since bought 2 more for other family members.
tablet|I really love my new IPad, I don't know a lot about it and I wish it had come with more instructions but all and all I really love it.
tablet|Great product. Looked at others. This is a very well made product with a metal exterior vice many others made of plastic. Very sturdy. Apple OS is efficient and compatible with all systems. The APP market is boundless and has something for everyone. I would highly recommend this for everyone.
tablet|It came with factory package. But, wificonnection is defected. I had to go to apple store and shown them the defect. I got a new one replaced.
tablet|I love my new ipad2, it was exactly like they described it! Light weight, easy to use, just need to figure out how to get my itunes on it now.
tablet|The product is very good. I already have one and I bought this to my mon read ebook. For this porpuse I bought a IPad2, wifi only, white and received a IPad2, wifi, 3G, black. As she is living in Brazil and had to leave 3 days after the package arrived, I did not ask to change.
tablet|As always, Apple makes awesome products that work flawlessly. Recieved it earlier than expected from Amazon. Turned it on and it has been working great ever since.
tablet|Other than not having the Retina display and all those tiny features that come with it, this is the Ipad 2. Its thinner than the Ipad 1 and runs a bit sleeker. It's actually easier to hold than the Ipad 1 which got heavy at times when I was laying down and watching a movie or show on it before bed. It's nice to carry around for college classes then carrying around a laptop, which can get heavy. Great to take notes with, type papers up, edit photos, surf the web, read, watch tv/movies/netflix, pandora, and play games! This doesn't have the retina display but I don't really need that insane graphics. If you want something that is now cheaper than the Ipad retina get this as an alternative. It's a great Tablet and still sets the bar high! 5/5
tablet|The iPad 2 is the creme de la creme as you would expect from anything Apple makes. I have no complaints. I have no doubt that I will purchase Apple's next generation iPad as well.
tablet|what can i say. the item speaks for its self. the item gets used everyday for business andcould not be happier with the seller the price was great , shipping was fast. very satisfiedcustmer. .thank you seller.
tablet|The Apple iPad 2 that I ordered through Amazon came on time and just as reviewed. I had no problem with what I received compared to what I ordered.
tablet|Apple iPad MC705LL/A (16GB, Wi-Fi, Black) NEWEST MODELI love my IPAD. Haven't had any problems with it and it is pretty simple to use. Lots of fun and a handy gadget.
tablet|I was extremely satisfied when I received my ipad. It was exactly what the description had described. Brand new and at a great price. THanks
tablet|Apple continues to turn out excellent products and more importantly, their service is unmatched. The stores are excellent for help even if the product is not purchased there.
tablet|Awesome?..I love it. Of course now I paid too much for it. Great dealer got here fast! I dont like doing reviews. But I love this iPad
tablet|I just got my iPad and I am absolutely loving it! I had a hard time putting it down to go to be last night. I got it from Jupiter Mall and am so pleased with their customer service. Shipped from NJ to WI in 3 days! I will definately order from them again and again.
tablet|EVERYTHING was excellent, the ipad and the a amazon experience!!! Im happy with my Ipad III recomend 100% this apple tablet, ideal for work, travel and watch movies everywhere.
tablet|products arrived as expected. products where new, original packaging. Both Ipad and iphone arrived the same day.price average, wish will have more competion.Chris was persuasive for me to leave a comment, I did it becuase he insisted and I was happy with transaction.
tablet|I love the iPad, its great for taking on holiday, so much less bulky than a laptop, didn't receive a sim card with it though
tablet|This is the most satisfying technology purchase I have made in a long time. It works straight out of the box and seamlessly with my IPhone The calendar of events and appointments complete with reminders that appear on the IPhone astonish me
tablet|So far, so good. I bought it 'like new' for $30 cheaper than a new I-Pad. Came quickly and so far product working fine.
tablet|I ordered the tablet with reservations not normally purchasing "like new" and not "brand new" but the difference of over 200 dollars and the fact that amazon warehouse 30 day quarantee I took the chance and glad I did.The tablet arrived less that 24 hours after I ordered with free shipping. It was in the original box , serial number on the box matched the tablet, shrinked wrapped with no outside damage.The tablet was "NEW" never used and had all the parts listed in the box.Have been using it for only 24 hours and it is great!!!!If you want the ipad 2 with 64 gig disk space at the 16 gig new price RUN don't walk and order you a tablet from amazon warehouse.
tablet|Product was better than i thought it would be. Perfect condition and great shipping speed. its a gift for my sister and she will love it thank you
tablet|I was very happy when i get my ipad 2 is the best of the best the only thing is the bad quality camera i dont know why such a expensive and revolutionary product from Apple has this bad quality cameras i get very dissapointed with this detail...!!! I compare this iPad 2 with my Asus Eee Pad slider SL101 camera and the pictures are fantastic offcourse it has a 5mp so think abouted....
tablet|I mean this is the best tablet out there! Iv'e had it since april of last year bought it like not even a month later after it's realese and im glad i did, u can listen to music, the radio thats if you can an app, take pictures, surf the net i mean what can't you do with the ipad like i said iv'e had this ipad since april and i still have it with me would definetely recommend an ipad to anyone out there looking for a tablet .
tablet|The product was delivered promptly for my husbands birthday. He has enjoyed using the iPad for over 1 month now. He is loading apps, watching movies and surfing the internet. He is very excited to have this product. Thank you to the company for making it an affordable price and thank you to Amazon.com for providing the connection.
tablet|This product lives up to all my expectations. I enjoy it and would recommend it to anyone.If I have to tell one negative thing it would be the volume control is a little awkward to get too.
tablet|I first got this ipad 2 because my computer broke. It functions well and I like it, but not as a computer. If you want a computer, get a computer, not an ipad. If you want to use the ipad for reading or playing apps or even watching movies, then this would work great for you. You can listen to music through it but it is so bulky I don't see how you are supposed to do so in comfort. It would have to be sitting next to you and you can't really carry it around and do stuff. If you want to listen to music get an ipod. The ipad is also very durible. I have dropped it many times and nothing is wrong with it. Thank you for taking your time to read this and I hope it helped you.
tablet|My mother did not use computer at home until she was given an iPad 2. I added apps she would find useful, including Dictionary, iBooks, and Khan Academy. She fell in love and spends 2-3 hours each day on it for a variety of purposes. Thank you so much Steve Jobs and Apple employees, you made her smiles each day!
tablet|Happy so far with the Apple Ipad 2 MC773LL/A TABLET (16GB, WIFI+AT&T 3G) is an excellent product.I am enjoying the price & product.
tablet|I'm quite pleased with my purchase of an IPAD2, the purpose for my purchase is to be able to see more of my grand daughter using facetime, and it has been truly a blessing, since I have the new IPAD, we see each other at least twice a week now, versus whenever I can get to Tennessee.
tablet|I bought it used and it was easy to use. It looked brand new. It came with the original charger and everything. I bought my own cover and screen protector.
tablet|This iPad was used but it was better than new caus it includes a screen saver and a cover. Everything about the iPad 2 is mint.
tablet|What I expected. Works great. Product was delivered on time and in good condition. Will be ordering another one as soon as i can. Now my wife and kids want one.
tablet|What I like about this product: a high ratio of portability to usefulness, an excellent distraction for small children at restaurants.What I don't like about it: websites look different and you have to re-learn how to do almost everything you'd normally do online.Unfortunately, the availability of wireless internet anywhere you want just isn't there, so that greatly limits its usefulness for users who don't have wireless plans. For that reason alone, it isn't as convenient and useful as it could be. If you're already paying for wireless service, I'd say go for it, but if not, you might want to ask yourself if the other features it has would make it worth carrying around.
tablet|I have been waiting along time to get myself one of these. I guess the waiting paid off because I finally got it. You can do some much with an Ipad, it's endless. It's amazing just like Amazon is. I order from here alot, and I will continue to do so.
tablet|Great tablet plenty of gigabyte space. Easily handable. I would reccommend this product to everyone I knew because it is like a pc and does everything the same as a pc, but at a cheaper price...
tablet|This is my first experience with an iPad2 and I have to say I LOVE it! I tried to buy one from the Apple site but they no longer offer the 64 GB model. The seller shipped quickly and everything was as listed. There is so much to learn and so much one can do with this product. I am looking forward to using it!
tablet|I bought the Ipad as a graduation gift for my granddaughter. So far I am very pleased with it. It arrived on time and in great condition. It is being used more than I had imagined it would be! She has had absolutely no problems at all. She will be starting college and probably get great use out of it.
tablet|The iPad is great and functions perfectly. I opted to get the 2nd generation with 3G and 64 gb unit and have I activated the 3G which works good. After a little confusion regarding the shipping timeline, the seller upgraded the services to meet the expectations at no additional cost. One thing to keep in mind though is that the delivery requires a signature at delivery so for a residential delivery may get delayed if no one is home.
tablet|
tablet|
tablet|Apple's reputation for quality is unsurpassed in thier tablet. Very intuitive and easy to use. I was able to touch type on the screen without putting on my reading glasses ..... a real plus for anyone who did not grow up in the texting age and like most of us over 50 need reading glasses.
tablet|It was an used item but looked just like new, was delibered in time, and is working perfectly fine for me.
tablet|It is a very good tablet.I like it and I am happy with it. It fits all m requirements and is exactly what i was expecting.thank you
tablet|hands down this iPad smokes the competition - I am no Mac drone but this beats the H--L out of Android based tablets no question - I have a Lenovo K1 which just can't keep up with this iPad - maybe Apple shouldn't be a $600 stock but they sure make some real awesome technology
tablet|Can't say to much about the Ipad. It's made by Apple,it works as well as any other Apple product. The charger gets hot just as the Mac Book so we'll have to wait and see how long it lasts. As for the Ipad, SLICK toy!
tablet|I am not sure how I ever lived without an iPad. I use my iPad 2 all day everyday. In fact I am reviewing my iPad on my iPad. I can't complain about anything about it. I would recommend getting at least the 32 gb if you plan on keeping movies on it at all.
tablet|This is a great prodcut. I synched it with my work email and calendar to keep me up to date when I am traveling or at home. I wasn't sure I wanted to spend that much money, but it is well worth it, with all the extra apps and games you have access to. Love it.
tablet|This product came in excellent condition, it is really like new, with original package and every single original wrap.Highly recommended.Thanks.
tablet|Absolutely great device.Pros--------------Beautiful displayFront and back cameraNice UIStrong processorDurableGreat app storeCons------------Expensive compared to other tablets
tablet|I love my Ipad but have found it to be very challenging. A simple "how to" book included in the sale would have made me feel secure as I proceeded to look at the apps and their applications. I have sent out cries for "help" to Amazon and have received great help from the telephone experts.
tablet|I've had the i pad 2 since December 2011 and am still learning how to use it and how much fun it is. I will admit it is a little too expensive, but I am enjoying myself while learning how to use it. My seller was teriffic!
tablet|The iPad was received in good condition, but in Japanese, which I am not fluent. After reconfiguring the device and talking with Apple I was able to get it to work well. The seller performed just as advertised and it was received before the delivery date. As far as I can tell it will perform well and nothing can go wrong, go wrong, go wrong, go wrong.
tablet|My six year old is addicted to it. I don't know whether that's good or bad. Most of the time she watches netflix but other times she reads childrens books and plays casual games. I hardly use it other than while I lie down on my bed (with laptop, you can't do that facing up). It was a gift from her grandmom. If I had to buy a tablet for her, I wouldn't buy ipad because other android tablets do them fine with lesser price. She hardly plays her Nintendo DS anymore. Maybe Nintendo should make a tablet. It's fast and has no lag, rarely has problems (one time I had to do factory restore because it wouldn't download/update apps anymore, very strange). I hope it last 10 years. I know apple wouldn't do it for minimalist reasons but I wished they would include usb ports, microsd slot, and HDMI. These and being able to view Flash are the reasons why I'd opt for Toshiba Thrive if I had to buy a tablet.
tablet|Great product! No regrets, easy to use. I use mine all day long. My great granddaughter is 3 and she plays games all the time. Plenty of free apps for her to be satisfied. Love my iPad!,,,
tablet|I had an IPod 4G and it was amazing. I have never owned an Apple product before, I was so impressed with the touch that I sold it to upgrade to the Ipad2 could not be more happy with my decision. I use this device for browsing the web and playing appa which are amazing and second to none as far as quality and selection. I got this device at a killer price from amazon. The only remorse I have is that Apple will have a better device in a matter of months, but that is battle you will never win.
tablet|Well, let me start out by saying I am 14. I waste money a lot. Well, my brother got an iPad 2 for his birthday and I loved his. So, I went to Amazon and Bought it from this seller. Needless to say, I am VERY satisfied. Shipping was very very fast, it got here next day and I only paid for 2 day shipping! It is fun to play with and I vouch for this seller!
tablet|I love this Ipad and wouldn't give it up for anything. When shopping for a tablet I checked out everything from a - z but came back to the Ipad because it was the best. Didn't want to spend so much on a tablet but glad I did. It is easy to travel with, the kids love it and so does my husband. Love the apps, something for everyone.
tablet|I liked the Apple iPad 2 Tablet (16GB, Wifi,) NEWEST MODEL it was cool my friends all have it and they all use my apple id so i decided to get one too well im still waiting but it will be the coolest electronic ever!
tablet|I really enjoy my iPad. At times I have a hard time putting it down. All the apps are great and there are many addictive games. Great for browsing the internet the only downfall I see is that the iPad is not Flash compatible which makes some websites hard to view. Other than that I got exactly what I expected.
tablet|in all my experience with my iPad-its fun, very useful-and a cont do without tablet-i hardly use my Acer laptop anymore
tablet|I gave my IPad to my daughter and got IPAD 2 recently. I must say that apple has done a great job with IPads. I cannot imagine using my pc anymore since my IPad meets all my needs and I take it where ever I need to go. Great product and great price and service by Amazon.
tablet|I would give this a 5 star rating if it was able to run Flash. Too many websites that require Flash to fully appreciate them, but besides that I can't tell you the last time I touched my home laptop! It's light, thin, and the battery lasts for a long time!
tablet|The only thing I needed to do was upload the latest version, 5.01, which is free when you call 1-800-APLCARE for help to upload, if you need help. It is such a great tool for my work in real estate, or any other occasion for that matter!
tablet|Hi,I like it a lot.Its handy and good for reading articles.love to play games in ipad than with iphone
tablet|this unit almost eliminates a computer, the apps available make it fun to use. easier than carrying a laptop and more fun.
tablet|I love this product and all of the apps. I can write and keep track of contracts, hours I work on the job and so much more. I am a photographer, graphic designer, and web designer. So I stay very busy with contracts writing invoices and so much more. I can keep track of all of this with the i pad.Sense I have all apple products including 27 inch i mac and 17 inch macbook pro they all stay together using icloud you just can not go wrong with this device[...]
tablet|This is my most favorite thing that i have. I was thinking about it and finely got it. I am happy what i can to with it and i only got th wifi and thoght about it and i didn't need something with 3g.
tablet|I got my iPad as a gift from my wife and daughter this past weekend. Since I got it Saturday I have not put it down! It is amazing! I love it. It was very easy to set up and begin using it.
tablet|The ipad2 is awesome, fast, nice camera. only down side is that there's currently no jailbreak available for this model. unless it's the earliest firmware.
tablet|No quality problems, works very well and love it! Everyone knows iPad so I did need to said what that is. The ID fit the apple' ID.Just a little pity because it have an ios5.0.1 in it,Waiting for ios5 jealbreak.
tablet|I purchased the iPad 2 and was pleased with all the features it can offer. I am able to surf the web on Safara, play a plethora of games from the massive app store selection, check my stocks, and many many more. I now find watching videos on it a big plus as well. Compared to the new Kindle Fire, I have to say the iPad 2 is still much faster with its A5 processor and much better looking. I highly recommend this product as it leads the family of tablet technologies. Overall, a popular and renowned product. 5 stars!
tablet|Love this device. Presentations to my clients, prospects and internal resources has been received with great paise. 90% of computer tasks are now complete and delivered from the iPad. Besides the awesome business task, it has made a great entertainment option for the family while traveling and I use the kindle ap to read as well. The most versatile technology device on the market.
tablet|My husband and I love our IPads!First I purchased a 16G, but used up most of the space with books, music and pictures. So my husband got that one and I purchased a 64G (model 1). Love it. Then I was fortunate to have another loaned to me as part of a Board of Directors (it sounds like an expensive prop, but considering the copying, etc., storing of paperwork, and all else that goes into a Directorship, this is a real bargain!).Then we continued to have issues with our ISP, and would go days w/o internet service, so I felt it was necessary to move up to an IPad 2 with Verizon.I just couldn't be happier!
tablet|Great product ! Didn't think I needed a tablet, but now I can't go anywhere without it. Takes a little time to get used to but very simple to operate. Great apps for almost anything. Graphics are great too.
tablet|When coupled with Bluetooth keyboard more than efficient enough for web surfing basic word processing etc. Definitely recommend to anyone who craves portability
tablet|I was a little hesitant to spend this much however I really enjoy the product. I already have an Iphone yet having a much larger screen is very useful.
tablet|It's pretty amazing the variety of things one could do with an ipad. Besides the functionality it's a very attractive gadget. I'm very glad to have it.
tablet|My order arrived faster than I expected. It seemed really easy to get it set up and start using. The only trouble I had was with iTunes and trying to get my music transferred over but I think that's me and not the iPad. So far, I'm loving it but I've only had it for a few days. Would have given it 5 stars but it cost $20 more than if I had bought it at the store. Pay the price for convenience I guess.
tablet|I am really amazed at ipad on what it can do with this tiny processor. Browsing the web sometimes is noticeably slow, but it is not much worse than the experience on a powerfull windows machine.Good job.
tablet|I could have never imagine how a gadget would be such an important part of my daily life. iPad has quickly become my friend, my game buddy, my organizer, assistant and my handy search tool. It's amazing how thin it is and how fast all the applications work.
tablet|Arrived faster then expected!! The iPad is still brand new! Easy set up and ipad was fully charged. Rocker Jakes you guys rock!!!
tablet|emailed vendor, skeptical, reassured me that this product was new and under warranty until (date) i have forgotten the date-- anyway-- delivery was good-- secure-- I had to drive to the FedEx office and sign for the iPad2-- fine with me-- like I said-- secureNo box-- what???cord broke on first use-- what??no USB included-- what???contact vendor-- he mailed new cord and USB--good not great
tablet|I've had the Apple iPad 2 for a few weeks now and I love it. It's so much easier to bring along when traveling than a regular laptop. Most of my iPod apps work on the iPad as well, and I didn't have to purchase the apps a second time. The iPad camera's resolution is not great when zooming way in on a subject, but I didn't really expect the iPad to replace a good quality hand-held digital camera anyway. It works well with Wi-Fi; haven't yet had a need to sign up for the optional Verizon service. Overall, it's been a good purchase.
tablet|
tablet|Wow, what a fantastic piece of equipment. After having an iPhone, it is very easy to use. Wife and I will be fighting over it for sure. Also, item shipped and was received promptly.
tablet|I bought the iPAD 2 for my wife for Christmas. She is SOO happy with it and so am I. I plan to buy one for myself. Great product and a great deal from Amazon.com.Dr. Patrick H Reardon
tablet|There's not much more to add to the benefit of owning a Ipad. I bought this for my wife's birthday and the possibilities it allows are limitless. Couple the Ipad or any apple product you have with Apple TV in your home and you have the capability to eradicate cable television and their monopoly from your list of home services. Great product.
tablet|Loving my ipad! I got it pretty fast? Highly recomendedIt was what i paid for. Desde venezuela caracas. It came with the newest software
tablet|In one word, super, does everything as advertised. My wife (X-MAS gift) loves it, she takes it every where. It worth every penny.
tablet|I purchased this iPad2 for my husband for Christmas. I was at first hesitant to purchase online and not from a local retailer. However, I was thoroughly impressed. The iPad 2 came brand new still in a shrink-wrapped box. The device has worked flawlessy for the last two weeks. I would recommend this seller to my friends.
tablet|Very easy to setup and use. Great applications, amazing screen. I couldn't have expected more from a handheld computer. Totally pleased.
tablet|The iPad 2 is an excellent tablet. It does everything I expected and with a few free apps does even more. I sure am glad I didn't settle for something less. The seller delivered very quickly and as ordered.
tablet|I won't hash out the technical specs and details like other reviewers have probably done a few times before me.I love my iPad 2. My girlfriend just got me one for our anniversary. Funny thing is she just got one from her mom for Christmas at my suggestion. So now we both have one.She just recently got wifi at work, too. She takes hers to work. She tends to call me about 3-4 times a day (at least it feels like that) and now she can call me on her iPad using Facetime, so she can see me as well. I don't really know how I feel about that feature sometimes, but it's pretty cool. I have other friends with iPads and iPhones and stuff, so we can all Facetime just like a house phone. It takes a little more effort to use it (just like Skype), but it's a really cool native app to the iPad. The camera quality is a bit to be desired. I think my Mac has a better camera than the iPad.Anyway, I'm not giving a review of Facetime. The iPad 2 is fast. The screen is pretty large compared to my iPod touch and my Droid X. It works well as a reader. The games work well on it. I've even used it as a drawing tablet a few times. I would link a photo I've drawn in my review, but I'm not sure I can do that.The browser works just as well as it does on my Mac and my iPod touch. It's not the best thing in the world, but it works well.Mail is still a problem for me. I can't get my Yahoo to work and I can't actually divulge why. I know the reason why and I'm not willing to fix it because it could be a slight security risk. Gmail works fine for me. I can't get my work e-mail to work either, but I haven't messed with it enough to really determine the reason just yet.The iPads are great to have around to watch Netflix and things like that. Especially when there is a toddler that wants to watch something and everyone else is watching something on the big screen.Finally, the iPads are very expensive. So far my experience with Apple in the past few years is that they build a quality product and it tends to be worth it. I hope they continue this trend. I can't say whether or not it was worth the cost as I didn't shell out the money this time. I can only say that I'm enjoying the product and I'm very happy to have it.
tablet|I have never owned an Apple product before. I love my iPad and this product is compact and so easy to use! Can't wait till my phone upgrade to get an iPhone.
tablet|This is a great product, faster and lighter than the first generation. I still wish it had adobe flash, but it is still amazing and it is very user friendly...amazon has the best deals for used electronics, the iPad is so new buying it used was a great deal :)
tablet|I purchased as a birthday gift for my wife she loves it, takes it everywhere she goes. with the wi-fi and the 32 gb hard drive this has replaced her laptop!
tablet|I bought this Ipad2 as a gift for a friend in Canada. Make sure that you specify if its going to be a gift because he had to pay a duty on it. Other than that he raves about how wonderful it is and I have one as well. We video chat on it all the time and it makes it so much easier to keep in contact with me living in Saudi arabia and him in Canada.
tablet|Cool thing, before I used just the ipod, but one is aging and your eyes need larger image. I'm very happy. I can only recommend.
tablet|I love my iPad. It's easy to read, not too big and it goes everywhere with me. I'm glad I bought it. It holds a charge well also. Once you have charged the iPad, that charge will last for more than a day or two (depending how much you read). I plug mine in every night before bed and it's ready the next morning.
tablet|I bought this device a month ago, and so far I find no problem using it.Honestly, I prefer the galaxy tap. I used them both. Samsung apps are better, cheaper and more plentiful.I give it five stars because the shipping was so fast.I love it.
tablet|i fought long and hard about it and then realized that i was spending as much money on Blu Ray as i would getting this thing. ok, so Netflix streaming isn't going to replace Blu Ray any time soon, but now i have another option.I just spent 2.5 hours in dialysis streaming ST:DS8 and it hardly put a dent in my power. that battery will last a LONG tmepicture quality is good, but i recomend an anti glare screen to go on it too.this is a cool gizmo and i love those angry birds
tablet|This is one of the best "gadgets" I have ever purchased. It's mobile, versatile, and easy to use. Wild have given 5 stars if it had a better camera.
tablet|Great Response and Excellent Customer Service very pleased with my ipad2 if you ever have any questions always contact Bob he is a great and very quick and responsive manager couldnt be more pleased
tablet|Wonderful piece of electronics equipment. Worked right out of the box, which arrived on time and in perfect condition. I've installed several apps, and they all work! I just installed the Skype app for the iPad2, and that works just fine, and I Skype with my children.
tablet|i may be biased since i like most of the products that apple produces but i really like my ipad 2. Its thin design, and ability to play things like hulu, netflix, mlbtv and more along with apps that let me stream videos from my HUGE desktop computer to my ipad are great!
tablet|Using this devices It's really simple, fast and exciting, thats why searching the web, listening to music, reading papers and others make the ipad fantastic for it. Apps are extremelly cool, I completly recommend it
tablet|I really like the iPad 2, but it doesn't play some video formats like other pads out there.I do wish that I bought the iPad 2 with Wi-Fi + 3G.
tablet|I was looking for a device to surf the internet, and to use it for my work. It is an excelent choice to show videos,pictures, etc.It has also a lot of other nice things, but I think another reviewers have said it all.
tablet|There is little left to say about the iPad2; especially technical evaluations from wiser heads.I can say this is extremely fast and the screen is brilliant, vivid and bright. The size and speed of this unit are truly remarkable. It outperforms every laptop I have used from HP, Dell, Sony, and Panasonic. Given the apps for the iPad2, it appears that most office functions are becoming available for Apple. As soon as my company IT group can support it, I will happily carry the iPad2 for work travel.
tablet|I love the iPad2. It provides many hours of enjoyment. The battery lasts longer than predicted, which is a nice plus. I was able to set it up initially with very little problem. The sound provided is much crisper than I expected.
tablet|Except for my iPod - probably my favorite device of all time - I'd never had an Apple product before now, and I really like the 32GB, Wifi iPad2. It does exactly what's claimed for it and more. It's lightweight, easy to handle, and easy to use. As for the smart cover, it's probably the best product innovation in several years by any device maker. The access to the large and rapidly increasing # of apps, of course, puts it in a class far removed from everything else in its category. I like it so much, in fact, that when my Dell laptop died a couple of weeks ago, I bought a MacBook, that - so far at least - seems equally intuitive and pleasant to use.
tablet|I ordered on the 14th from USA and received in the Netherlands on the 27th. Took time but I'm happy it showed up brand new and in perfect condition :D.
tablet|The product arrived late but I have enjoyed it ever since then. I am new to apple/Mac so I am getting accustomed to al, that it can do.I travel alot, so this small device helps considerably with space and weight, still allowing me to surf the net and chat with folks regularly online.Hope this helps.
tablet|After a few weeks of playing with and trying to make my iPad2 functional and integrate it into my life etc. it suddenly dawned on me that so much of what I was struggling to do ... was to make my iPad into a... notebook computer... that does the things that the Mac OS already does so well!One of the first things I did was ... BUY A Keyboard! Mac Bluetooth.Then it was the infatuation with "apps!" " GOLLY look at this! It allows me to print a document!!" And other absurdities like that.You know? The stuff that we all have been doing well now for 10 plus years, with the buggy nightmares of the 90s, that used to make one pull hair out in Windows' frustration, now thankfully long suppressed... .I used to refer to Mac devotees as "Mac Bigots!"But after dealing with Windows security issues, and instability through every Windows generation... I finally took the plunge with a Powerbook and never looked back. If I became less than a "Mac Bigot," still I learned to love Apple's integration, stability, sleek looks and creative tides... that happily washed over Apple's countrymen and America as a whole, like that great wave from the first iPhone.But, this is an iPad review and although I don't desire to denigrate this generally great piece of technology or even review it seriously, I do want to you to seriously consider a Macbook Air before the iPad.Weight is a great part of the allure of the lightweight iPad...but... the new Macbook Air is only about twice as heavy and since it may be likely that the first thing you may buy is a Bluetooth keyboard... that may not be a deciding issue...because if you wish for your, oh so cool... purchase to actually be a functional input device of text... and you took touch-typing in high school... the plunking at an iPhone or iPad's screen... with one's THUMBS... or the dull end of your fingers... becomes a tedious devolution of functionality.And this is the real core of my criticism of PADS in general. They are at this point clever receivers of information but clunky input...ers. One looks for app after app to do the simplest things... and then we say... "golly isn't that cool, I can actually highlight text!"And guess what? That highlighting of text usually takes a few tries to get the text that you actually need to select with "TAPS" selected...to 'mark-up' a doc properly... and some compromise is usually entailed and could have been far more exactly... achieved with a mouse 30 seconds ago.Look ... do I like my iPad?Yes!And I did order a stylus for 27 bucks and it has not come yet so I can't comment upon that helpful addition as a partial solution for... the iPad's entry flaws... . But realize... when one peals away the COOL... and gets to the functional daily needs of email ... and entry of certain data... you will spend a good deal of your iPad time... which after all... is life time... learning to get around.. the touch screen and the operating system"s... limitations.Now ... it is true that if one has say...an iMac which I Highly recommend ... that the real question is: how much...do you actually need to input at the coffee shop or as a quick reference in the car or as a very light travel basic communication computing device? If the answer is "not really that much..." or if putting up with the iPad's limitations for real text entry is OK on occasion... and the added weight of a keyboard is only needed part time... then it has indeed a LOT of very cool qualities and... apps too... that we actually do find we desired and... didn't even know it!!Are even... useful and yes... fun, a LOT of fun.If you work seriously on the road... an iPad is not for you... at this time in its development... if you need a very cool slick device that is indeed just about the perfect weight and size for extreme portability happiness... and mainly want it for consumption, of information... then the iPad is wonderful.The iPad is a very creative and evolving technology. The "Cloud" Apple's and say Dropbox... are bringing all of these devices together and we all are literally with our use... defining their place and potential and the APP ecosystem is indeed VITAL... .That participation in change... is in itself fun to watch and to take part in... lets face it... our participation in that creative process by supporting what works is... a central part of an iPad's attractions... nothing wrong with that! That is the old America, remember her?Creativity is sadly... so purposefully dimmed for political outcomes... in our dear country...that any tree of creative life left...is worth supporting even one without a real keyboard... .
tablet|Works well. I date back to only wood pencils and wax crayons. The Radio always looked back and the iPAD looks forward beyond belief.
tablet|Great tablet. No wonder it's the leader of the pack. Shipped immediately and my wife is very immpressed. AND I get her iPad1
tablet|You will be happy to deal with this seller! Packaging was over the top, arrived within 48 hours of purchase and was responsive to my injuries prior to and after purchase.
tablet|This was an amazingly easy process. Amazon site very user friendly and efficient. Product arrived on time and without mishap. Beautiful condition. We are very happy!
tablet|I really like looking at pictures with this thing when I am on the couch or on the move. It really is a great tool that I have fallen in love with.
tablet|I have always been resistant to anything Apple. However, this ipad has converted me. It really is at a new level of "user-friendly" and has logical and efficient features. I can't keep it away from my kids for very long. I highly recommend it.
tablet|The I-Pad2 is well worth the money and is one that I don't leave home without. I work in the Middle East and have long travel times and the I-Pad2 has been a lifesaver. It works great and I love it... and would recomend it to anyone looking. I'm glad that I did not get the black, the white is cheaper and after you put the protective cover (which I highly recommend) on it, who can tell what the color is.
tablet|Bought a second hand apple ipad 2. It is an excellent product. It is used but looks new. I will use amazon and secondipity again. It is more than I expected. I trust Amazon and have completed many major purchases through them.
tablet|Amazing fast and on time. This iPad 2 was spotless and $250 cheaper thank you for a great Christmas present for my gf on a budget! ********* please offer delivery confirmation the iPad sat on the porch for 5 hours, I was really surprised it wasn't stolen**************
tablet|I bought the Ipad with the intent of playing some of the internet games I play on my HP. I found out that they are not compatible in this arena, so I was disappointed. It does however fill all other responsibilities that I use a computer for. It is light weight and holds a charge for a very long while. It is great as long as you don't expect to use it far all of your HP abilities.
tablet|I love the item but three weeks in I am already having problems with it. It is doing crazy things. Not letting me return by using the home button, when I am in e-mail and deleting it kicks me out! I have already been on the phone with Apple and believe I will have to return the item for repair or replacement. When I contacted manjatech thru amazon where it was purchased. they did not want anything to do with me after 15 days. And of course it took more than 15 days for me to get the product and really start using it!
tablet|Have used the ipad 2 for couple of months. I must say, its a master piece. I have the 16GB white, Wifi+3g I use it for books, movies, games, news, banking, YouTube, surfing, location specific services, meetings, presentations, notes, comics, baby entertainment etc.The real estate is just right, extremely portable, the user interface design is very intuitive and simple, the apps are outstanding. The 32 pin connector takes care of most of the connectivity requirements if you buy the right connector.
tablet|I have an iPhone 4, but it's screen is not wide enough to enjoy many US TV shows that are available online. With Apple's iPad 2, I am really enjoying them, although I can not see a full episode since they are limited to the States and it's territories. What a shame!
tablet|This is a great product. It took me a while to figure it out, but now I have no problems. It's a computer in a tablet! I love it!
tablet|For a month and a half it was great. Then I had connectivity issue. Apple was great and I am currently awaiting a replacement. Verizon iPads, iPods and iPhones do not have SIM cards, they have their own little server. I believe that was the problem. It fried. Take out the service contract. It is well worth it. Priority service.
tablet|Before you consider paying a premium on the Amazon Marketplace, read the fine print. The sellers have a long delivery window to get it to you. You have to wait 3 more days to file a claim then they could still could send it up to 2 weeks later. Hopefully, negative feedback would keeping anyone from doing this too many times but this is little consolation for me who paid a premium for something that I would have in my hands if I had ordered from Apple in the first place.
tablet|I love my Ipad 2. Took it on vacation. Much easier to carry than the laptop. Great battery life. Took some time to figure out the keypad and emails but not a lot of time until I had it down. No owners manual - boo. Have to read it online. Free books - yes. Movies - ok. Games - fun. Thanks Apple.!!!
tablet|Received my iPad 2, it is amazing tool for replacing my pc with a small machine satisfying my need for personal use.
tablet|I have never had any type of a tablet but I absolutely love this. I am a Realtor and I use it in the field quite a bit to show listings, etc. I also am an avid Harley rider and it fits just perfect in my saddle bag. I love being able to open it right up from wherever I am and googling my location to see where I need to go. I love it!!!!!
tablet|It help ipad stand steadily. Before this, I usually got sore with my neck. Keyboard is very useful while write a letter or a document.
tablet|I am so happy with it.Wish I had two :) Terrific product for web surfing and music .I am ihappy with my iPad :)
tablet|I am in Afghanistan working and my wife skypes our son's sports to me with the ipad and she loves it . Thank you !My kids love playing with it and it is portable more so than a laptop we set up hotspot with iphone and instant internet.
tablet|surprisingly lite, expremely fast and tons of fun. i caught myself playing a lego game which was meant for my kiddos. my kids weren't right for netflix, and enjoyed the portability of the ipad from play area to play area.
tablet|This tablet works like a dream I am able to run my company's paper work right off with out any problem. I am able to sign contracts edit and e-mail, this tablet is the best thing that has happened to the buisness industry.
tablet|We love it, since we got this this Xmas, our kids and everyone loves it.. Hands down best products in the world.Love the Cloud to synch with my iphone4S.Love it.
tablet|This is a great tablet computer. I've used it for a few months now and have had no problems.It does everything I want, and its quick, light, and has an excellent display. It seems to be less susceptible to fingerprints than other devices I own.
tablet|So excited!! I ordered the IPad 2 on Tuesday afternoon and it was received in my office on Friday morning!! So not expected. The product was packaged wonderfully and ready for use. There were no scratches or dents...nothing on it that I would be surprised of. Thank you for such a quick delivery. This will definitely give me time to familiarize myself prior to the start of my hiring season in the next couple of weeks!The iPad is in wonderful condition. I am so glad that I ordered the Verizon version. The data package deals are not too bad and can be purchased directly from the iPad. The apps are super fun and the apps that I will use for my kids are not that expensive, between 2 and 5 dollars. A note to self would be that IBM Lotus notes is not immediately compatible with Mac. The installation looks as if it happens, but the id name does not install. There are Youtube videos with instructions, but I am not the most computer savvy so I do not necessary understand the instructions. Microsoft office works well and all other programs that I have installed.Have a wonderful day!
tablet|I bought it for my husband on christmas time, It arrived promptly and my husband have been using it since having a great experience with his Ipad II he is very happy and me too!
tablet|With my iPad 2. This thing is great. It's fast and fun. My daughter plays on it and I can literally replace my computer with it. So happy I got this.
tablet|Excellent product very happy with it. The battery last much longer than the first edition of ipad,better resolution and excellent camera. The only bad thing Apple should send you a free cover because of what your paying.
tablet|I wanted to focus a bit on just one thing I love about tablets. They provide you a very portable second screen. I happened to pick the iPad 2 after a lot of research with other tablets.I am away from home a lot during the day for work and class and also at night as I study. As a college student and future programmer I love having the iPad as a second screen. I can have my Kindle and PDF textbooks, web tutorials or HTML help apps open on the iPad as I type notes and program on my laptop. I am not constantly having to minimize or switch between windows on my laptop screen, which is pretty nice. I can also have Netflix, the ABC app or Hulu playing as I do homework. The small size of the iPad allows for me to slip it right into the same case as my laptop, awesome! They have some laptops now that have a pull out second screen but it seems to be an expensive option that leaves no other features like the iPad (or another tablet) does.iPads also have a lot of other fun features besides providing you with more screen real-estate when you aren't doing homework or programming!The End*I am a fan of Apple, have been since the early 90's when in 1st grade I was blown away by the amazing Oregon Trail (yes I know it was MECC software) on the IIGS in all it's green glory. I now own many Apple products. I am also a fan of Microsoft, work on Win XP and 7 at work everyday and have no issues with Windows. I also play pretty hard on the Xbox 360 in my down time. I use Google's services across multiple platforms. I run Win7 and OSX on my Apple laptop. I run Linux, although not as much as the other operating systems.
tablet|This was my first apple product and I have no doubt taht is an excelent product, it is much better then I expected and Amazon service is also great.
tablet|It has been very nice doing business with you. Item arrived on time and as told. By the way, lovely product.
tablet|I like this very much ordering was easy and quick, received in a timely manner. Company processed order quickly and effectively love the product.
tablet|Regarding the store, everything was more than OK. Really fast sipping. I really recomend it. Regarding the product, is unbelievable how you can use iPad 2 for business, enterteinement and D2D needs. I'm very satisfied with my recent aquisition.
tablet|My iPad has replaced my desk top my net book and is the fastest easiest to use! Portable convenient and perfect for quick info, social networking, music and movies. Easy to set up and fun to use. My first ever apple product. Love it and highly recommend it. I thought my Droid was cool but this is great!
tablet|My iPad is really fun to work with, the only problem I had was that I had downloaded NOOK ebooks while I was in the US, but forgot to download the link that enables me to read them. As I live in Europe, I can't download that link. Also I find that there are certain apps that don't work in Europe.
tablet|I purchased this Ipad2 for my daughter's birthday she is in love with it, she is starting college on Sept and that was the idea. There are so many things she can do with it. The purchase was smooth and the delivery was perfect.
tablet|No complaints here! My iPad was delivered quickly and in perfect condition. Although I did have to reset it to get the iPad to sync to my PC iTunes, I have had no difficulties since.
tablet|Really love mine, easy to use and great apps, this is my first apple product. Was scared I would not like it. But overall not bad
tablet|Gave this to our son for Christmas. So far, he seems to be very happy with it. Used it during his whole visit! So, we're happy that he's happy, lol.Now he is looking for a good keyboard, any suggestions?
tablet|The iPad is a wondeful fun device great for casual web browsing and such. The interface is typical Apple excellence and the quality of the device seems quite good.It most certainly is not a laptop replacement. Two absolute killers are that you cannot run MS Office and printing anything is pretty much a joke. Yes, there are applications that sort of kind of read and write Office files but they are very limited. Printing can also be done as long as you get an application, save this way and that, stand on your head and hope for the best. Again, it is fun and cool as all get-out but not a business machine.
tablet|I was at first skeptical from the dealer I purchased from instead of going to an Apple store. I was pleasantly surprised when it showed up sooner than expected. I trusted Amazon for their merchant reliability rating and it payed off, again
tablet|Ive never doughted apple and I had always wanted an iPad, they completely amaze me, and now since I have actually got one, the experience of having is great. Holding the iPad for the first time is a great feeling, and the whole structure of this amazing product. It is truly the best tablet. So if you think you should get a tablet and you are wondering what you should get, then get the iPad 2 it is truly amazing and I have no regrets at all.
tablet|Got The item in proper condation and the right time. The Item was in good working order and was what i had ordered.
tablet|OK. Here it is. The IPAD 2 that came to the house via UPS was in a little box. Who knew that something so powerful would come in a non-descript brown box. I was tracking the travels and travails of my IPAD through the supplied tracker (I am grateful for this feature) and was literally waiting for the UPS guy to show, times are either 10:00AM or 3:00PM missed the ten AM. Guess what..... Was waiting at the front door at 3; UPS showed up and so did my IPAD. Opened the box up, stiffened my resolve to not mess around until the IPAD was fully charged. So hooked the IPAD up, and waited for a full 24 hours. AFTER that, configured the machine to the wireless internet and then commenced to download EVERYTHING. The IPAD is COOL. It goes EVERYWHERE and can do practically everything. And the really weird part about this whole thing is this....my daughter, who is 4, put a claim on MY IPAD?????? Uhhh...NO. The answer is GET YOUR OWN. Too funny; For real, we share. But she did put a claim on the IPAD. All right, 5 stars, the seller gets a thumbs up as well for making sure that the delivery parcel was NON-DESCRIPT and no other verbiage was on the box either to state what was in inside either - once again the seller get a thumbs on that. Anyways, Enthusiastic about how the purchase went down, the delivery and tracking as well the product itself.
tablet|Tried a cheap android tab and figured out why ipad2 16G was so much money! IT'S WORTH IT!!! Go for it you won't be sorry.
tablet|Received the Apple iPad2 in excellent shape and within the time frame expected. The iPad2 worked out of the box and is easy to use.
tablet|As a matter of full disclosure, I am normally a Windows OS and Android user. I won my iPad 2 as a holiday party prize from my workplace. Also, I do not own an Android tablet (yet). To avoid being labeled as a Fandroid, I will list what I liked about the iPad first (yes, there are things that Apple does well):- the hardware design is indeed well thought out: thin, light, and nice to look at- construction and quality appear to be top notch- the screen display is sharp and bright- iOS for all of its shortcoming runs very smoothly on this device- tons of apps in the App store- insane battery life -> This thing has the best battery life of any backlit display device I've ever used. It probably can go 4-5 days between chargings with average web usage.- instant on -> best thing about a tablet in general: instant web browsing- the perfect device for consuming media (Web browsing, videos, games) in bedNow, on to what I didn't like:- I have to use iTunes -> First thing that the tablet signaled for me to do was plug it in to the computer and install iTunes- no back button- Safari sucks -> First thing I downloaded from the app store was Dolphin HD- no expandable storage (well known)- no Flash -> sure Adobe has decided to stop supporting this for mobile devices, but for the moment there are still plenty of sites which use it. I was surprised by how many sites to which I can't view content. For a device which purports to be great at Web browsing, this kinda sucks.- limited customization of iOS - it's a tray of icons and that's it. Barely can be called an OS.Although I hate that the iPad doesn't have expandable storage, USB ports, etc, that is the Apple way. It always has been. The Apple ecosystem is very closed and restrictive. I am positive the iPad 3 won't have any USB ports on it either. However, the main reasons why I'm only giving this device 4 stars are: iTunes, iOS and the lack of Flash. For the amount people pay for this thing, you should be able to access 100% of the sites out there. All this being said, and it pains me to say it, Apple still has no equal in producing a sexy piece of high quality hardware. Disregarding specs (i.e. processor speed, RAM) the iPad 2 is still the benchmark hardware for tablets. Just think if this thing had flash, a USB port and you didn't need iTunes to access it from your computer. Now that would be something.One additional comment on tablet devices in general. Nobody NEEDS one of these things. They are, in my opinion, the ultimate in media consumption (videos, e-books, games, browsing, social networking) which is the opposite of productivity. Seriously, the main reason I wanted one was so I didn't have to wait the 120 seconds it takes to boot up my laptop to browse the Web. And also so I could browse literally anywhere in my house. Definitely, these are wants and not needs. Just a thought.
tablet|The Ipad was in great condition love it the $$ pay for it was worth. It was for a give and my boyfriend was very happy with it didn't even noticed that was used..
tablet|My IPad arrived super fast even though I choose the free, standard shipping option. Very hapy with the purchase. Tablet came in a brand new condition - as described by the seller.
tablet|I took a long time deciding which tablet to buy and had narrowed down to Motorola Xoom, Sony Tablet S and iPad 2. I tried out all 3 and a few more tablets before choosing the iPad 2. I bought the iPad because-1. Navigation was smooth with the iPad. With all other tablets, I noticed that the tablet would not react to the touch every once in a while.2. The tablet is for my wife. iOS is much more intuitive than Android when it comes to tablets. the complexity of use of Android is fine for techies, though.3. Assurance of OS upgrade. I know that my iPad 2 would be compatible with future versions of iOS and that Apple would allow free upgrades. At the time of my purchase, I wasn't so sure about Android based tablets (looking at how many Android based cellphones dont get timely OS upgrades)4. Flaws in other tablets. Every other tablet has flaws, which is pretty disappointing. Xoom is good, but they dont deliver what they promise (Read up on Xoom users' agony over the micro SD unusability for over 6 months). Sony tablet doesn't come with 3G.Reasons why I took so long before buying the iPad:1. Dependence on iTunes2. No SD input3. Heavy price of accessories (like the one for connecting iPad to a TV)But in the end, it was worth it. Now I rarely open my PC; I just find it too bulky and slow now. :)
tablet|not all that user friendly; had to go to apple store more than once for help; told not to use voice over feature--creates problems; not able to have books read to me while jogging or driving--except audiobooks--somewhat disappointing. Probably better for people more IT savvy
tablet|Thank-you for selling a great product my Wife is enjoying her Christmas present. She said I went over the top on this gift. Now all I can say is I hope you have something else great to sell next year. Thanks again!!
tablet|Well since Ed purchased the iPad2 for me, his lovely wife, I will do the review. It is one of my most favorite gifts!! I am getting use to all its features and learning how to get the most of its capabilities. I am so happy with it! Thanks to my hubby for this great gift! I LOVE my iPad2!!!
tablet|this is so awesome the size is great for everything from games, checking mail, hiking. kids love the interactive books and games. you can do alot more and better then an iphone or touch for size on alot of things. great with skype, web while in bed or couch.needs a better camra and needs gps
tablet|Landon Electronics Rocks, item was ordered and arived early, and secure through the local post office. the wifes big gift for christmass and she loved it .thanks amazon and landon electronics for everything. see ya next year.
tablet|I have wanted an iPad for a little over a year now, and I finally have one. I'm actually writing this review with it right now! A lot of people I know have criticized the iPad for being like the iPhone or iPod Touch, and I have to say while a lot of features are similar to my 3GS (don't own a touch), there are a lot of features which differ. I have had so much fun typing the screen of the iPad, I spent hours with the yahoo app talking to one of my friends while I installed my other apps. I am a college student and plan to use the iPad instead of my computer at school so I don't kill my back walking to class. I'm not the most tech savvy, but I know my way around the iPad from having my 3GS and love the simplicity of the device. Besides, you can't beat the awesome of having almost full functionality of web pages through safari on the iPad. I continually get frustrated with my phone's version. I am not a fully converted Apple person since I still own a Sony Vaio and prefer the solidarity of The Sims 3 on PC. I also used a Mac last semester in school, and I just couldn't get used to it.I also REALLY love how much faster the iPad 2 is compared to the 3GS. It may not be a fair comparison but I also added 6 gigs if ram to my laptop so I could have a faster machine. I hate lag.Oh! Not having adobe flash hasn't fazed me one bit. I don't really understand the argument about that one but the iPad has no trouble playing YouTube videos in safaris browser. It doesn't take you to the YouTube app like on the iPhone. I almost bought the Sony tablet which was recently released but I didn't feel like getting all my apps all over again since I already own popular ones like angry birds. iTunes on the iPad has similar functionality to the program on the pc, and I'm assuming Mac, and I out most of the songs from my husbands accout in here. I also have never used a honey comb based tablet so iOS and iPad I went. iOS 5 installed in under 30 minutes for me.I have accidentally hit the back button in here twice with the iPad-the screen is extremely sensitive-and I don't think I can leave anything more useful for others considering the iPad, so I'll wrap it up. I got the 32 gig iPad in black and I've had a hard time putting it down. I'm also using a reflex series Otterbox and never plan on removing it from the iPad. I'm leaving a review for that next...but stop reading this! Get your iPad if you want one!
tablet|I had won an iPad 2 a few months ago by filling out a survey. Overall, i am very happy with the iPad 2. It is the 32GB model, so i have the extra storage. I have at least 70 apps and 3 songs and no videos on it and i only use up about 10GB so far. The ability to back up all of your documents, apps, music, etc. ti iCloud is a great feature. You get 5GB of free storage but then you can buy additional storage if you need it.EmailThe ability to check email on it is a great feature. I use the Xfinity Mobile App instead of the mail app though so the emails will delete and be marked as read on my computer too, not just my iPad.WebThe ability to go on the web right from my iPad is also another great feature. If i need to look something up real quick i can just use the iPad instead of waiting for my computer to boot up.PrintingOne area that the iPad does need improvement in is the ability to print from it. We originally had a WiFi printer from Lexmark but did not have Airprint in it which is what you need to print from the iPad. So, i went to the store and bought a Kodak printer that says you can print from iPod, iPad, iPhone on it. I thought that that means that it has Airprint which is what you need to print from the iPad. Come to find out it doesn't have Airprint in it, BUT, you can download an app that lets you print from your iPad. So i get the printer all set up, connect it to my network, and try out the app. You need to save a screenshot of the screen you want to print from, the send it to the app which sends it to the printer, and it worked fine. Was just hoping i could use Airprint, but maybe next time.Flash PlayerI was a little dissapointed to find out that the iPad doesn't have a flash player built in. I can't open emails with videos in it or stuff on the web that requires flash player. I think apple should put built in flash player on the iPad, beacuse if they are going to compete against the Kindle Fire which has flash player, then they should seriously consider flash player. If you need a device that has a flash player, go with Kindle Fire.
tablet|Love the ipad as it is so easy to navigate and very handy to use anywhere around the house. It is lightweight and turns on fast. The OS is easy to use as well and also easy to navigate. I have an android phone so this is a nice change. The tablets use Android OS which I am not crazy about. This is the one to get.
tablet|This was an unexpected gift. In truth I'm buying Fires for my own kids (love them) and intended one day to get one myself. So when I was given the ipad it was a serious shock. That said I use it at my school where things are mostly blocked. It's so vivid and I can hold it up close and see it so well. The screen is vibrant.I prefer the Fire for my kids actually and wish I had a set of these to teach with. Too bad my school in a poverty area can't wrangle that.All I can say is the thought of not having this for kids seems luddite.
tablet|I wanted a lightweight tablet to replace my laptop for school use, and after weighing my options, I decided on the iPad 2 over the Samsung Galaxy tab because Apples appstore is alot more disverse and expansive. With apps like Documents To Go Premium and AVPlayerHD, it has almost completely replaced my laptop, and with the keyboard/case combo I ordered it does word processing just fine. It does pretty well with the battery life at mid-level brightness and does terrific on the lowest setting. Im a college student and Im at school for 12 hours on some days, so time is factor and it delievers.My one big issue with the iPad is its restrictions. You can not drag and drop items like word documents, images, pdf's, videos to and from the ipad without itunes, and because the iPad natively only plays a few video formats, you have to download an app if you want a broader selection. AVPlayerHD plays all video formats and actually allows you to drag these files into the sharing option in itunes. Which makes the device feel much more diverse, but the app isnt free, its about 1.99 in the appstore. Aside from the restriction issue I really like it, it hasnt completely replaced laptop, not until your able to transfer items without the use of iTunes.(There are apps like AVPlayerHD that allow you to transfer certain incompatible files to your ipad through iTunes, and Im sure there are some for photos and documents, but you'll have to hunt for them down and they probably wont be free -but I guess if you can afford to shell out the dough for an iPad you can afford a couple 1 to 10 dollar apps-)I reccomend the iPad, its pretty cool.*Update*I got my iPad on Jan 14th, 2012 and got rid of it February 12th, 2012. It was very fun for awhile, but once the novelty wore off the iPad was just too limited. I needed more freedom and less hassle, I'm not a fan of going through iTunes for virtually all data transferring. I cant hook anything up to it without some ridiculous peripheral; something as simple as an SD or MicroSD card slot could have made a world of difference, my model was 16 gig. After the iOS 5 update it was down to about 13, and I had over 6 gigs for music and 8 for previous iPod touch apps.I had tons of movies but with the limited none expandable space, I could only fit about three compressed movies at a time, which were greatly smaller in size compared to anything offered in the iTunes store. I greatly regret not going with the Galaxy Tab, which in terms of flexibility is incredibly superior, however, neither of these are computers so the overall flexibility I prefer might never be on that level. That said, I probably should have gone with the Galaxy, although, the iPad was very fun, it wasn't for me.
tablet|This is definitely worth the money. I don't have to be running to my computer. It is very portable, so unlike your desktop computer, you can take it to any room. Unless you are doing a lot on the actual road away from WiFi, there is not much reason to get one with 3G. Between IMessage and FaceTime it makes it worth it for my 5 1/2 year old daughter to keep in touch with Grammy and Grandpa, who live in a different state. She likes to talk to them while eating dinner, so I would rather have her eat near this than my computer.
tablet|I bought the iPad for my wife. If you're not a Mac user, it might be a little difficult to get used to, at first, as it was for her. However, it's well worth the learning effort. After an initial slow, but fun orientation and adjustment period, she loves it. It's fun, attractive, and pretty funciontal. I found it was not good for doing my homework asssignments and heavy duty work, because of its small size and onscreen keyboard (not effecctive if you really know how to type). However, once we added a bluetooth keyboard, I thought that it really could be a good "only" computer for anyone but a hard core document writer. I certainly would consider it for myself, as a travel and meeting device, but I'm still not giving up the big comfortable screen on my desk in the office. One more important note. Customer service is superb to any I've used anywhere in my life. Representatives are friendly, responsive, well-educated and just good folks. Thanks, Mac.
tablet|Like most, I've been smitten by the iPad since it was released about two years ago. I couldn't justify purchasing it for the longest time because I couldn't figure out how to work it into my technology regime. It's not computer enough to replace my Macbook Pro, and it's not phone enough to replace my iPhone 4 (not the 4S) running 5.0.1. When you factor in the price, I just couldn't convince myself that the iPad was something I couldn't live without.Then the iPad 2 comes out: front- and rear-facing cameras were new, so I could use the iPad for face-timing my mom 14 hours away, but it was essentially still something halfway between a computer and an iPhone.Finally I came to a point where I could spare the $600+ dollars to purchase the cheapest iPad 2 capable of connecting to at&t's 3G wireless service. I ordered this iPad on January 18 and just received it yesterday, so keep in mind I've only had this thing for one day.Immediately, I can see how the iPad 2 may come off as seductive; essentially, it's a ginormous screen surrounded by a thin frame of black or white (depends on which color your purchase--I bought white) with a single button. There's no denying that it's sexy. When you turn it on (after plugging it into iTunes and completing the necessary setup) you're blown away by the crisp screen--though it's not yet on par with the Retina display of the iPhone 4 and 4S, it's a luscious screen and only the seasoned 'techie' would notice this slight inferiority. The iPad 2's screen is still better than most if not all its competition.Apple also has a leg-up on its competition with the easy integration with iTunes. If your like me and you bought the iPad 2 to simply be what it is: an iPad, somewhere in between a computer and an iPhone--then you likely won't be filling your iPad 2's limited storage with your entire music library. I opted to sync with only my recently played music, top played music, recently added music, and a few recent playlist I've made, which I'll probably replace with newer playlists as they're made. I did sync with a fair amount of the same apps that I have on my iPhone, a handful of movies, none of my ringtones (what would I use them for?) and ended up using about 9GB of the 16GB available on the iPad 2 model I purchased. And in all actuality, after the firmware files and other junk Apple puts on their products, only about 13-14GB of the 16 are available to use out of the box.As expected, web browsing and email are where the iPad 2 shines. It's very smooth, the screen shows side-screens and sub-menus simultaneously, which really makes this thing quick to use. I used a Best Buy gift card I received for Christmas to purchase Apple's aluminum wireless keyboard to connect to my iPad 2 via Bluetooth and, although the keyboard makes me occasionally reach over for a mouse (you must still use the touch-screen mechanism despite having an actual keyboard), typing is a DREAM on here now! Facebook is also very fun to use with the keyboard setup versus the onscreen keyboard or even using the Facebook app on my iPhone. Don't get me wrong, the onscreen keyboard of the iPad 2 is very usable, but I find with a screen as large as the iPad 2's, I'd prefer having an actual keyboard so as to utilize as much of the screen as possible for web browsing, emailing, Facebooking, and anything else.I wish Apple would make it more clear that for at&t 3G models, the SIM card is not included and will need to be purchased separately. I haven't gotten around to going to my local at&t store to pick one up, so I'm not too sure how much a SIM card will cost.All things considered, so far I'd say I'm happy that I purchased the iPad 2. It's only receiving 4 of the 5 stars because, although I'm very comfortable with using it and definitely see myself using it on a daily basis, it hasn't replaced any of my other electronics. In all actuality, it's become another separate electronic device that I've incorporated into my routine for its own purposes. The 4 of 5 stars also reflects the price; I understand that you 'get what you pay for' (which is definitely the case for the iPad 2, as it outperforms the competition on every aspect except price), but for a product to ADD to your routine rather than to REPLACE or SIMPLIFY, I think the price could come down just slightly. Even a difference of $50 might be enough to lure in some hesitant customers.
tablet|I ordered the IPAD2 3 days ago for my mother, 75 years old.She really enjoys it and like how user friendly it is. She spent hours on it already, listening to music and using the apps I installed for her.I would recommend the Ipad2 for everyone that is not really concerned about the limitations (no flash, limited customization, necessity to go through Itunes for everything...)Display is nice, sound quality is good and it is really easy to use for older people.
tablet|The iPad arrived within the one day shipping by Amazon. The packing was appropriate for this item. I find the Apple line of consumer electronics to be very user friendly. The software is intuitive--it does and goes where you would expect it to if you were doing the same process manually. This is my first exposure to the iPad. I highly recommend it as an addition, or replacement to other computer products. The screen keyboard takes getting use to. It is a light touch. I anticipated this, amd so I am using an AmazonBasics Bluetooth Keyboard for Apple iPad/iPhone. There was no contact with the seller as this was fulfilled by Amazon, but I would buy from this seller again based on a good product delivered in the described package. Buy an iPad, you will not be disappointed.
tablet|I can probably go into a dissertation about what i like with the iPad 2, but I'll just say that it is reliable, doesn't crash or perform updates everyday and does the basic tasks I need it for. If you are debating on this or the Galaxy, it comes down to personal preference really. If you are looking into a Kindle Fire, my daughter has one, and I can tell you there is a reason it costs $199 because it is not made as well, just the basics of using it are not as easy or efficient as the iPad.
tablet|This Ipad 2 is great. I would strongly suggest going with more space if you are going to download videos or applications. The icloud only does music/photos. I submitted inquiry to seller and quick response was followed addressing my questions.Thanks for the speedy response!
tablet|The iPad two is great! It has a great 9 inch screen which is easy to carry around but not too small so you can see things very easily on it. It also has the option of choosing a different color which is great. All other tablets only come in black but I love the option of being able to choose a different color. It is light weight for its size and has great battery life. I recommend buying one today! :)
tablet|The ipad is beautiful. Works perfectly, however I chose this ipad from this seller because the description said that the ipad was covered under applecare.Upon receipt, I couldn't find any applecare contract.I emailed REPEATEDLY and asked how long remained on the agreement. While they responded, they NEVER answered that question and just kept saying things like:On 8/17/12 12:10 PM, "Nimlow Electronics - Amazon Marketplace"&lt;[e-mail address removed]> wrote:Hi, Apple only needs the serial numbers on the back of the iPad for AppleCare.-----------On 8/18/12 8:58 AM, "Nimlow Electronics - Amazon Marketplace"&lt;[e-mail address removed]> wrote:You only need the serial number for warranty, I have gotten warranty manytimes for my macbook pro. It doesn't need to be registered to your name.---------------On 8/19/12 2:52 PM, "Nimlow Electronics - Amazon Marketplace"&lt;[e-mail address removed]> wrote:you can check the warranty expiration on apple website using the serialnumberWhen I called Apple, I found out from apple that it was the orig manu warranty & there was 100 days left. But No APPLECARE at all, which includes phone and in person customer support.So I just paid $79.00 for Apple Care.It's hard to do business with people that you cannot trust. Be careful with this company.
tablet|This is a very nice ipad very easy to carry around expecially when you are traveling around i would recommand this item for everyone to buy.
tablet|Got the ipad very quickly. It works terrific & I'm very happy. Only thing is, I wish it had vibrate set-up as I am deaf. Thank you for being very professional about the sale & delivery.
tablet|Having purchased two new I-Pads from Apple, I later purchased a "refurbished" I-Pad-2 for a friend. It was delivered on the date it was promised and, for the past month, it has worked the way it supposed to work. He's extremely happy, and, of course, so am I. There are two purchase points I have steadily had positive results: Amazon.com and Apple. They do exactly as they promise and their stuff works the way advertised!
tablet|I purchased the IPad2 after reading several reviews about the new Ipad's internet connection issue. IPad2's setup was very easy. I already have an ITunes account so it took minutes to get started. It took less then 5 minutes to get my secured internet connection working. I was disappointed that I can not play any games through my steam account. The application only lets me chat with other users so hopefully steam will provide an application that allows you to play your purchased games using IPad. I really like being able to use Kindle's and Overdrive's readers in order to read ebooks. I plan to install VMWare on the machine so I can use it to work with .net applications.
tablet|I bought the iPad 2 after I had accidentally sat on my Kindle on an airplane and needed to make a decision - do I replace the Kindle or go with the iPad. I had always told my wife that her iPad was little more than a toy, but once I got mine, my world began to change. Sure, I have 40+ games downloaded, so I definitely enjoy the "toy" factor, but I also use it to take notes at meetings, keep up to date on emails and have even used "docs to go" for verbal presentations. It has become an awesome tool in my life.
tablet|The I pad two has been such a wonderful tool for my students. I work I six different schools and having this is easy to transport and so versatile . Thanks so much!
tablet|I bought this to take on a trip and love having access to e-books, my email and other things. Much more lightweight than my laptop and way less cumbersome. Since there is WIFI everywhere now, I don't use the Verizon service much, but if I need its there :-). Just a really great product!
tablet|I purchased a refurbished Ipad2 and loved it until I realized I made a mistake by not getting the one with the +3g. I now find out that I cannot get a internet connection through a provider so I cannot take it on the road or anywhere they do not have WIFI. I still love the IPAD2....I just wish I would have investigated more into the product. Hope this helps someone else from making the same mistake.
tablet|After nearly 6 months of everyday use, I love this device. It still isn't a full-fledged replacement for a computer, but it's close. iOS 5 is a great step toward that kind of functionality and further improves a product I already loved. I use it for classes, entertainment, work, and as an interactive toy for my 2 year-old son. He LOVES the Sandra Boynton apps and is confused by the physical book versions since the characters don't move like they do on the iPad 2.This was a great purchase for me and my family that we will enjoy for years to come.
tablet|I did my homework & spent months comparing tablets & laptops against the iPad2. Due to life taking it's own twist s & turns I was going to have to put off my purchase until next year. My boy friend bought me a poleroid e-reader 2 weeks ago to get me out of the living room after he went to sleep for the reading light as I'm addicted to everything Terry Prachet. Needless to say, while I was happy to be in our bedroom the e-reader is very limited in it's format & unless you know what your reading by heart your going to get lost thanks to missing text. Of course I am very thankful that he wanted to be generous & tried to be helpful but he knew I was unimpressed. So two days ago I was woken up to close my eyes & hold out my hands. He bought me the iPad2! The camera's are awesome, the size is twice as big yet the same weight as the e-reader. The already installed apps are great & navigating app store is so easy, let alone almost every site online that I have been to so far (20 of my favorite online news, shopping, weather etc.) already has a free app for the iPad2. There are a few interesting quirks though...1) You must have a pc to install the operating system through I tunes, but you can also go to an Apple store & they will help you.2) While it comes already installed with a YouTube app the videos aren't the best versions (due to their FLASH) but you do get the site, with most videos & songs.3) Apple IPad2 is not compatible with adobe FLASH... Not on the apps or if you just use the safari operating system to connect to the browser of your choice.4) No more zynga games, (Mafia Wars etc.) on Facebook if this will be your only mode of internet connection.5) The apps pages are in most cases very cool & graphically stimulating, however I am learning going to the same site using safari will have different content. In the case of Facebook, I couldn't view the links posted by my friends to my wall when using the Facebook app.6) The yahoo messenger app takes up the entire iPad screen & I tended to forget it was signed on to learn I was missing conversations due to web browsing... or sitting around waiting for a response.The iPad has made the last 2 days of after dinner family movies more tolerable, as the toddlers can watch their Disney movies. While I enjoy Netflix on the couch, they sung & danced to their hearts desires without me getting frustrated that I can't see Eric & Arial get thrown out of the boat for the 5 billionth time. Bed time has been fun for us all, as they are amazed I read them a color book (The little engine that could... Free in I-books) up in thier bedroom on my, "tiny nooooooo touchy TV".I LOVE MY IPAD2!!!! None of the aforementioned quirks are irritating enough to walk away, just things I don't know enough about or need to get used to. Considering the auto spell hasn't inspired me t9, I mean *59... ugh! Hasn't made me throw it out the window yet. But I can turn it off in the settings, which is a really cool feature with all kinds of settings & features I haven't fully jumped into yet. You can buy the 500gb wifi external hard drive to store your movies & video's on, (as it's not expandable) plus share ability with up to 2 or 3 others, at the same time. So really it's only draw back is the whole Adobe Flash issue or I would think it is absolutely perfect!I knowI will go back to using my laptop from time to time, but right now I am so excited & inspired to find all the ways I can enjoy & use this clever machine it's going to be a while.
tablet|I have been VERY pleased with my purchase! It came very promptly in the condition as promised and I have hardly put it down since I received it!
tablet|For someone who is technically challenged, it would be helpful to have a couple of pages of basic "how-to" instructions. Despite all the hoopla about it being intuitive, I doubt that my wife could have gotten to first base if I had not set up some basic icon shortcuts to sites that I knew she would use. And how does a novice get past their first encounter with a gray screen? That said, it's a pretty slick machine. NOTE: It does not support Flash, so a lot of stuff will pass you by. (Third-party developers claim to have an app that solves this...the verdict appears to still be out on its effectiveness)
tablet|This is like having a computer in your grasp every moment you require one. Outstanding speed and clarity. The learning curve is gentle but every day you learn more.
tablet|I am happy with my new iPad, arrived on time but poorly packed, rattling around in a big box unsecured with padding.
tablet|Excellent product as always with Apple, I love my iPad, easy to use, hundred of useful applications can be installed, elegant design, amazing display and incredible performance!
tablet|rich Apps, bigger screen than iphone... you can name a lot of advantages if you get one. I like iPad so much!!
tablet|IPad is a great product but this review is more about the prices, the phenominal serviceand no hassle shopping that Amazon offers. Thank you.
tablet|Great service, product arrived in good order and timely fashion. Product is functional, thus far. Supplier also had good follow-up and follow-through.
tablet|I've always been a bit eclectic in terms of the hardware and software of my various electronic devices. I have a laptop running Ubuntu, a 2008 iMac desktop (I got it as a birthday present mere weeks before the '09 model debuted), I've used many Android devices (two phones and a tablet), and the only e-book reader I've ever used is a Kindle.That having been said, after using the iPad, I'm completely won over to Apple. The build quality is superior to other products, the interface is smooth and responsive, and the software library (as is well known at this point) is incomparably large.
tablet|I can't rate the ipad yet because it came without a power cord so it is basically unusable. But when I let Amazon know of my problem I received (as always) excellant customer service from Rajasekhar. I work in customer service industry myself & know what good customer service is. I am always pleased with Amazon service. I am sure once I get a power cord I will like my ipad 2 very much.
tablet|The item came looking like new, but I soon realized the sound would shut off and had to be repaired.
tablet|I will be the first to admit - I am an android lover (it is such a cute little robot). More importantly, I am also a techie, so it was inevitable that curiosity would eventually kill the cat (cat being the product loyalty). When I decided that I wanted to see if iPads live up to the hype, I didn't want to go all out - I wasn't going to purchase a plan from a phone company that will overcharge me for limited data use - especially not when I can tether devices to my phone! I also wasn't going to pay at least $100 more to get a retina display since I view it as unnecessary for me- certainly not worth the extra money (even if I do have an instinct to have the latest and greatest). I decided that the iPad2 16GB would be appropriate to base my decision!The iPad is a good looking piece of hardware - but I would say that the software left me feeling limited in what I was able to do.Pros:-It's pretty - I do love a good looking piece of technology, and in that, the iPad does not disappoint-I like the multitouch gesturesCons:-Heavy if you are reading in bed-Edges around the screen mean that I have to stretch my thumbs that much further if I am trying to hold and manipulate the device with both hands (you can always cradle it in one arm and manipulate with the other, but it just feels odd no matter how you do it)-No expandable memory - there are very few android tablets that do not offer this- get with the program apple-the App Store was not user friendly and was stubborn when connectivity wasn't fast-I find the settings app to be all over the place - settings for a single app may be in three different places (wouldn't it be nice to get into an individual app's settings from within that app)Overall, if you are looking for something simple to use and don't want to be able to do anything too indepth the iPad is a perfectly adequate choice. iOS is very straight forward, and generally user friendly as long as you don't want to change settings for them (ie you want to use default settings)- otherwise, you may have to go on a hunt for the exact setting you are looking for (if it even exists). I have no plan to get rid of my iPad - it works in a pinch and if I am doing something that may be hazardous to my technology, I would bring my iPad, but ultimately, I still prefer my android tablets!
tablet|This is my 2nd Apple product I've ever owned. The first one being the littlest Ipod from years ago. I'm pretty impressed by it, along with my lil daughter, when she saw it being charged, she screamed "Ipad!!!" lol. The only thing that bummed me out was when it came with no battery life at all. I had to charge it while getting the Ipad2 all set up, needless to say, it was stuck to the charger for couple of hours, while I downloaded free apps. I did notice it immediately registered Verizon, but I have AT&T wireless internet at home and this was meant to be just Wifi only. And not for long, it started asking if I want to add more data now or later before I can proceed with browsing. That was an easy fix and I was able to modify it to just Wifi only. It then asked for IOS6 update while in the midst of downloading apps. And after that, it was just smooth sailing and I made sure to enable some restrictions so my 4 yr old won't be buying any in-apps accidentally. Read too much horror stories on that. I did tell her to never click on the word "buy" because that would mean, it will take money away from Mommy! LOL Overall, quite happy with my big purchase. I know this ain't the newest Ipad model but to me, it's good enough!And I am as pleased with the case and the screen protector I bought here in Amazon.
tablet|The best investment I did in purchasing IPad 2. This is great for easy access to internet and program of value various apps I uses.
tablet|We enjoy this IPad 2 and so do our grandchildren..We have to hide it from them to get to use it ourselves..
tablet|I love the iPad 2. It's great for games,music,photos,and the internet. I use mine more than my computer now. iCloud is great and backs up all my data. Me.com email/webmail is awesome too! App store and iTunes work great for downloads of great media.I 'm gonna get a iPad 2 again in black as well.
tablet|Why was 2nd generation iPad not loaded with ios 6. Otherwise no problems encountered. It has a nice sleek lightweight design.
tablet|Apple products are excellent. I do like this iPad. This will be used by a friend of mine- he has not yer received it, however' I know he will certainly love it.
tablet|All I can say about the iPad 2 is that it is simply amazing. The faster 1 ghz dual core A5 processor is a workhorse. The display is very high quality and is very easy on the eyes. Watching movies and surfing the web over WiFi is a joy, especially compared to the iPhone 4 which I have and love, but the limited browsing capabilities of the iPhone is enough to make you want for something larger. For iPhone users, the interface is familiar and easy to adapt to, and for new users, it is easy to learn. The iPod and Videos features are nice to have when travelling, and for those who like to read, the iBooks app is a capable book reader and there are thousands of ePub books and PDF files out there to load up on. For people that use Office to write letters and school papers, there is the iLife office suite which is Office compatible in most cases.There is a bonus for musicians. The iPad is becoming a professional tool for musicians with a plethora of music utilities, software synths (including a few Moog products), guitar amp simulators and even Garage Band to write and record on the go. The only thing is I wish it were more of an open platform and I wish it had stereo speakers, although most times I listen with earbuds.If you are thinking of the Kindle Fire or an Android tablet, the only advice I can give is DON'T ... The iPad 2 is a great tablet, and is constantly growing to meet the needs of all different types of users.
tablet|It's an Itouch or an Iphone but bigger: nothing more. I have clients contacting me wanting to get it so they can do this and that with it, and quite frankly it's not best for that.I recently gotten one and I love it. I turn it on instantly, look something up, entertain myself with games, etc.However it does have it's limitations, and the most annoying thing is it does not support Adobe Flash which limits you on many websites: NOT THOSE KIND OF WEBSITES!!!I like Apple products for the most part they are a solid product. But their direction at times is completely narrow-minded like not support Adobe Flash.For what it is I will give it 4 stars, minus one for their lack of support in other areas. Hopefully that will change one day.
tablet|i love it so much. it is an amazing product. it is Small size and swish at the same time works very excellent. also my friends like it.
tablet|Product received early and in excellent shape.. certainly exceeded my expectations. The iPad is great and exactly as perscribed. Thank you.
tablet|Ive had my Ipad2 for 3 weeks now and found that i cant put it down. I aldready have the Iphone 4 and the Ipod touch 16 gig model. What i love about apple is the inner connectivity between all 3 products. Icloud hasnt been a disappointment and love all the great apps. Its very customizable to fit all your needs and has really improved my daily living. though id like to have gotten the higher storage model for the storage but the price is very high. The cameras are great and takes great pictures. resolution for gaming is great and video chat has worked well with staying in contact with family and friends. the Ipad is a great size and very convienant to carry. i used to carry a large laptop everywhere. it was very heavy and alot to set up. This has made life alot easier and travel alot more plesant. Ive been very happy with apple products and look forward to the future and thier new systems
tablet|After five months of using a 16GB iPad 2 WiFi (no 3G), I can honestly say that it is one of the most useful technology purchases I can think of. While its price may be a little expensive I defiantly think it's worth every penny.Part of the reason the iPad is perfect for travel is that you can use it in any position, unlike a laptop, where you have to find a seat It won't ever got hot or overheat. Personally, I've had a couple laptops expire on me due to overheating. You always have to keep them on a firm surface so you don't block the vents. The iPad doesn't have these problems. You no longer have to grab a tray or giant book to set your laptop on when using it in bed.Video Skype works great on this tablet - the cameras make showing people things FAR simpler due to the front and back placement.The battery life is excellent! This thing can go for two days without a recharge! And that's with fairly heavy usage (try that with a laptop!)The touchscreen is extremely responsive, the machine is very fast - wifi works extremely well.The only issue I have is the reflective screen - I am not a fan of the reflective screen and have ordered a matte screen protector - not because I feel it needs protecting, but because I want to be able to read in various lighting conditions.
tablet|I was not sure if I'm gonna get a black or white but I'm very glad I got the white cuz it's really coooool!!
tablet|Excelente producto, hice mi compra desde Venezuela y el aparato llego a tiempo y en perfecto estado, altamente recomendado el vendedor.
tablet|My husband ordered this item (iPad 2, 16gb, black) for work. He loves it. We still have been unable to update it to iOS 5 because our wifi kept disconnecting on wifi on laptop but I think when we do that it will be faster. First day he had some slowness but not everything is great. We looked at getting some of the tablets on the android market and went to best buy to review. I liked the idea because the androids are more customizable but had reservations because 1. They are about the same price as iPads 2. Wasn't sure if I wanted to take that risk. 3. I have iPhones and know how dependable they are. However I found the toshiba thrive and it was cheaper. So that was our main focus. Toshiba thrive vs. iPad 2. On one hand the toshiba had USB ports, sd card ports and customization options, on the other if was not familiar with it. So we tried them both at best buy. Toshiba thrive looked better. It's graphics looked more fun, apps are cheaper..mostly free and all that. But it was more complicated, which i love because I like to tween things. My husband on the other hand...does not. So he wanted iPad...I wanted toshiba thrive but we wanted to talk to somebody who knew more about it. So we grabbed a guy who only deals with tablets. He said he has an android phone and likes it but as far as tablets go he said hands down iPad won. Reason was that apple makes one specific hardware for iPads. So they had it perfected. All their apps and music were specifically made for apple hardware so it had very little problems. Android market on the other hand is made from many different tablets, that are all made by different hardware. Therefore, if an app is made on a toshiba thrive, it may work great, but if you download it for your samsung thrive, the hardware is different so you are going to have more freezes with all, crashes or lack of working at all.In conclusion, iPad 2 so far is more dependable and perfected. I do believe however, with time, the android market will be more perfected. As of now, I am siticking with my iPad 2!
tablet|I am pretty new to this tablet market but after having this iPad for about a week. I am for the most part impressed.Packaging: Apple has always impressed when it comes to their packaging. The box is very sleek and makes you very happy with your purchaseSetup: Now since this is only the wifi version, it doesn't require much setup.Now after everything was setup, I had fun connecting downloading all the apps and seeing what neat things I could do with it. I have an iPhone so I was apply to move over all my photos, songs, files, etc to the iPad and it was very easy. The plan for this iPad is to use in meetings and allow the customers to flip through the pictures or files that I am showing.Downfalls: The issues I have been having with this is that since I only have an iPhone 3GS, the tethering (personal hotspot) can only be connect through bluetooth so the internet isn't as fast as through wifi. I also wish there was some sort of case that comes with the iPad. I had to spend an additional $50 for a case to protect it. The front cases that Apple make I find are not helpful at all in terms of protection so I wish Apple would offer a better of assortment of accessories rather than having to buy 'made for the ipad' products.Overall I am quite happy and am enjoying the iPad. I do quite a bit of flying so this will make my flights more enjoyable.
tablet|I was ready to purchase the first iPad when it was release. After a while I decided to wait, put the money in the bank and just wait. I was happy that I did. During the time I just used my iPhone at work. I work with special education children and use my iPhone for visual representations. Now that I have the iPad 2 I am using it for work and play. Very happy with my purchase.
tablet|We had high expectations when we first got our iPad. Right now, it is the last gadget in demand of the family, firmly behind a toshiba notebook, a kindle, and android phone. We mainly use it to surf the web. But without flash, it becomes quite annoying. I often have to switch to a pc to continue surfing for video and games etc. So we end up using it to play plants vs zombies or other game apps or surfing the web when the computer is taken. Even watching streaming movie on it is stressful, which requires holding the iPad compared with placing a notebook on a surface. Then we realized that iPad is a fashion. It is not as good reading device as kindle because of the weight and LCD display. It is not as good as pc for many tasks requiring keyboard, storage and multitasking. It is slow. It could be a good surfing device if it supports flash. To prove my point, it takes me a great deal of effort to type this review. Try place the cursor by tapping on the touch screen.
tablet|Very little space, fragile perception, frontal camera is a shame,some operations still tricky as cut'n paste.BTW is excellent as "In BED" PC... coz is very ligth.
tablet|The ipad although cool is just a toy. It does not have the capability to be used for anything serious. This is not for professionals. I purchased it from bestbuy for my business. I run a 3d animation company. i wanted to use the thing for the simple task of storyborading. Lack of a good file mangagment system will cripple your workflow in this regard. I tried for two days straight downloading apps to try and justify the purchase and could not. I am returning this thing and investing in some software for my PC that will actually benefit my business. Technology wise it is savy, very impressive.But functionally from a professional stanpoint it is seriously lacking. Although the tablet boasts of thousands of APPs most of them are not suited for professional use. I am also a musician and couldnot find one darn APP that was useful for a serious musician. So from an Arts and media perspective this thing is a waste of money. IF you want something to play around with then by all means get it. However, if you are using it for work, Forget it!! Very dissapointed with the device...
tablet|We love our Ipad2 but was shocked how easy it was for our young son to order 200.00 in games without our consent. He is too smart for his own good. Hard to tell if he realizes this comes out of mommy's bank account!If your eye's are in need of reading glasses you will certaintly need them for the ipad2. It is very small writing even though you can adjust the text I find it annoying. I think this is a great expensive gift for a ten year old and above. Do not give out your password!
tablet|this pruduct ( ipad 2 ) arrived only in 5 days and i live in the other side of the world ( bahrain ), this ipad 2 is one of the best thing that i ever owned, you'll never regret buying it wourth every penny, ipad 2 is much better than ipad 1 , the battery is great its stay like 72 hour ( for my usage ) and finally the price is perfect
tablet|Everyone was at awe and full of excitement when the Apple iPad 2 was announced, but how does it really stand up to the competition and is it worth the upgrade? Now that it has been released for six months and I own one, along with the first generation iPad and a HP Touchpad. I feel I am one person that can give a fair review of the item. Examining how the iPad 2 is an improvement over the original on the outside, inside, and how it compares to the Touchpad in terms of hardware and software is a great way to show why the iPad 2 is worth buying. When first grasping the iPad 2, you notice it is much thinner than the iPad 1. It is approximately the same thickness as a simple pencil; you may ask how does it not break? Well it is construced of aluminum on the back and gorilla glass on the front. The gorilla glass in the iPad 2 is double the strength of the similar type of glass used in the first generation iPad. The testers at the website Gizmodo.com compared these two pieces of glass with two pieces of wood and bending the glass between them. The iPad 2 glass stretched twice as far before breaking. The glass is not perfect though, it will break it dropped without a case because it is indeed glass. Unlike the iPad 1, the iPad 2 has special tiny magnets built in around the screen that allows Apple's new product the smart cover to be usable. The cover sticks to the iPad 2 and wakes up the iPad when the cover is removed. This interesting feature is a feature not available with the first iPad. The screen size and resolution is the same as the original iPad, with a 9.7" IPS technology screen and a 1024x768 resolution. A new addition to the iPad 2 is the cameras on both the front and the back of the device. The front facing camera, similar to that of the one in the Apple iPhone 4 is mainly used for skype and video conversations. The camera on the back is a low one megapixel camera, and is quite grainy. I cannot imagine anyone having a use for this and I myself have never found a use for it. It still is better than the originals iPad's though, since it does not even have a camera. The iPad 2 can also be bought in the color white, unlike the original. I bought my iPad 2 from Apple.com the night it was available and got it in a few days with free shipping.The internals have gone through a drastic change between the two iPads. Apple, along with every other technology giant upgrades their devices to meet the latest technology. Apple has shown this by upgrading from the slower A4 single-core processor in the original iPad to the faster and much smoother dual-core A5 processor found in the iPad 2. The random access memory or RAM has been doubled between the two devices from 256 megabytes to 512 megabytes. The RAM upgrade allows more webpages to be open simultaneously in applications such as skyfire and safari. On the original iPad if you open ten pages at once, the device is quite slow and can even become unresponsive; on the new iPad ten pages is no problem, with no slowdowns. The speakers are the same in both iPad's, although the placement of them is a bit different. The hard drive storage options are the same in both devices, depending on how much you need. Available options are as low as 16GB to as high as 64GB. The video memory has also been upgraded in the iPad 2, allowing games such as Infinity Blade to run quickly and look much better, more realistic even. The figures in Infinity Blade look more closely to real humans than those shown on the first iPad. Overall it is good upgrade to the original in my opinion, since the price of the two is the same starting out.Knowing the iPad 2 is a good improvement over the original, how does it compare to similar tablet computers in the market? I own an HP Touchpad which is a similar tablet and it is a close comparison. The Touchpad features the same type of display, sporting a 9.7" IPS technology screen just as the iPad 2. I consider the two being a tie in this category, because there really is not much of a difference. When it comes to overall shape the Touchpad is shorter than the iPad but the same width. I do not see this as being much of a difference either. The iPad 2 is considerably lighter than the touchpad it feels like, this should not matter too many people, the difference is not to major, and with a case the weight equals out. The touchpad has smaller hard drive options than the iPad 2; having only 16GB and 32GB options. I do not know many people that would use the full 64GB of data that can be bought in an iPad 2, but if you need that much than the iPad 2 would be the device to go with. Both my iPad 2 and touchpad have 16GB of data and I do not find myself looking for more space at all. My original iPad has 64GB of data and if I did not put my movies on it, I would have no use for the full 64GB. The camera comparison between the iPad 2 and the touchpad is another tie. While the touchpad only has one, front facing camera, it is of a much higher quality than both of the cameras on the iPad 2. Since the touchpad does not have a camera on the back and iPad 2 does, I give them a tie. The touchpad has a dual-core processor, just as the iPad 2, but it is .2 gigahertz faster. The .2 gigahertz does not seem to make much of a difference, but since the speed is clocked faster, I give this to the touchpad. The battery life on the touchpad is very close to that of both iPad's. I do not notice much faster drainage between the three devices. A notable difference in the two devices is the speaker quality. The iPad 2 has decent speakers but not the best on the market; on the other hand, the touchpad uses higher quality beats audio, which is argued as some of the best on the market in 2011. It shows this, the sound quality on any music is like comparing static to clear, smooth sound between the two devices. When it comes to price, originally they were both tied at $499 for the base price, but now the touchpad has been lowered to an extremely good, low price of $99. If you are on a budget and want a nice tablet, the touchpad is for you.When it comes to software, I have to say the iPad 2 dominates this category all around. The touchpad, which runs on WebOS is a system that does not have near the developers or supporters that the iPad 2 and the app store has. The app store has well over 500,000 applications that can be downloaded for free, or for a small fee to the iPad, whereas the touchpad has only a few 1,000. This attracts many more people to the iPad 2 because there is many more applications for anything you can think of in the app store, the selection of apps is very limited if you are buying the touchpad. If you are using a phone as a main internet connection, you will notice trouble when trying to connect the touchpad to the internet; this is because the touchpad does not support ad-hoc networks. This is a downfall for people like me that live on the iPhone internet tethering; the iPad 2 does support these networks and has no trouble connecting. For most people this will not be an issue but it something that should be known and that I was not aware of when I bought the touchpad. When using the touchpad, it is just as fluid as the iPad 2 when it comes to scrolling between pages of applications and searching through the device. WebOS itself is not a bad system to use, and if it had more applications I believe it would be a great system.If you are stuck on deciding a tablet computer to buy, ask yourself what you are expecting. If you want just a simple tablet computer, with no cameras, lots of apps and good ability to function, the iPad 1 would be good. Although if you want a nice, newer tablet with a camera you have to decide how much your budget is? The iPad 2 and the touchpad are close in mostly every category besides the selection of apps, is the price difference of $400 worth the app store? I myself believe the iPad 2 is a wonderful device to have and use if your budget can afford it, otherwise I would highly recommend the $99 HP touchpad.
tablet|I have difficulty with my arms, but my finger dexterity is still pretty good. There are so many features of the iPad 2 that make this one of the most indispensable devices in my life. Many of the apps are out-of-this-world amazing, while others simply allow you to be as productive as possible. When you consider the evolution of this product in such a short time, one can only wonder what the future holds. I'm excited and very optimistic!
tablet|I have an iPhone 4 with retina display, and I supposed (my bad) the iPad2 had it as well, I was wrong. The display is not as good as the iPhone 4, however it is a decent display.Also, if you have an iPhone or an iPod Touch, then you probably don't need it.The apps are great, every day you have more and more amazing apps.Also, if you are considering to buy one, try to wait for March or April 2012 for the iPad 3.Thank you!
tablet|Ended up giving this to my grandpa and getting a nexus 7Don't buy this, you will regret it!!!I went with android and now i am a fan for life, google now works much better than siri!!!
tablet|This Ipad is in a very good condition, and works very well. I saved some money from it and I think you don't need to buy a brand new since there is no difference between them.
tablet|I love the product. It works well and is easy to carry. I have lots of fun with it and can hardly put it down. The only thing I don't like (and this isn't Amazons fault) is the report from the New York Times on the working conditions in China at the Apple Product factories. I would not have gotten the I Pad had I known about this in advance.
tablet|I am an old person who loves electronics and my ipad is just another of my electronic purchases. Amazon is my place to purchase all my needs for my gadgets. Thank ypou very much.
tablet|When buying this I thought this had 3g but it didn't so all in all other than the additional camera that the Ipad 1 does not have I really don't see a whole lot of difference between the two. Now not to say I could be missing something, don't think so though. It's still pretty cool ipad though. I myself still use my laptop more than my Ipad. A must have for some just not me I guess.
tablet|You are there, standing in the middle of the electronics department, credit card in hand, about to spend hundreds of dollars on a touch pad you can trust to be worth the money, and a good product. The store clerks are saying different things to you about each pad, and you don't know who to trust. Ladies and Gentlemen, the I Pad 2 is the correct item for you! It consists of app selection, optional WiFi, and other sources such as 4g. Coasting around the range of $800.00, I would suggest this particular system over any of the other available touch pads. I tried another once. I didn't like it. I would choose ipad2 over a regular i pad. why? many reasons..It is faster.it looks better based on the fact that it is so thin..Its the newest version, so why not take a go before it gets outdated?The following are my views on this remarkable contraption. Also, I'm just going to call the I pad 2 an i pad just to make it easier. Just know that the I pad and I pad 2 are 2 different products. Sometimes, i will call it an i pad 2, but just so no one gets confused while reading this, there's a fact. Hope they help!First facts: This was a bummer, but based on Apple restrictions, the i pad 2 does not have flash, so it can't play online games or run certain programs that need flash. There is also no place for discs or flash drives, so you can't download saved work such as the data on flash drives or discs. You can't download programs like Microsoft office programs on this particular item, which is not fortunate, not to mention the fact that it doesn't connect to the printer. Hopefully some day it will evolve into better stats.Camera: For the most part i like the camera, but based on the fact i haven't seen or interacted with many other i pads except my own, which has a crooked, bury camera, it wasn't the best for me, but the other touch pad i owned had a horrible camera. I don't know how the other cameras look on the i pad 2 because i don't bother to put pictures of myself out into the public on the store tester i pads, so, keep the camera idea something to check on before buying. On the camera though you can make it look straigt ahead like a regular video camera or make it face the way you are looking at the screen, so it flips around depending on what kind of picture you want. I give MY experience on the camera a B gradeApp selection: Great apps! Many apps are free, but 1 app's full version wasn't free on the i pad like it was on my other pad. I still don't think that should be a problem. Also the apps appear with fewer selections on the screen based on certain categories then my other touch pad, which appeared in a long list that was helpful. Although i would beleive that all together the ipad 2 has a wider selection of apps. Unlike some touch pads, The i pad 2 offers netflix, and many other apps that are one of the reasons i got the i pad in the first place. Great quality. I give the apps a A grade.Battery: The battery doesn't last very long. Sometimes, it last a long time, but for the most part, I always have it charging. This is a issue if i want to travel with it. I'm going to have to get a i pad car charger... Anyway, the battery issue may just be with only MY i pad 2 but I'm not really sure. I would give this category a C or B grade, but it has some work to do before it reaches an A.App download speed: The apps for the most part download quickly, but there has been some times where the apps don't make any progress with loading so i usually have to delete it (and pray it will actually download) and download it again. In the end i always get ti worked out but its like, "Come ON!" you know? I give this category a A for it's amazing speed!WiFi quality: I love this category. Mine plays most H.D. videos and can just download apps from its app store rather then having to connect it to the computer to download things. That i can really appreciate. I can open up nearly all web-sights just the way they would appear on the internet unlike my last touch pad. I would say in order to get the full i pad 2 experience WiFi is a must-have. I give WiFi a A for great function!Speakers: Lets put it this way, the speakers... they could use some work. Sometimes when i have it to the maximum sound it is hard to hear. That is not something that i favor based on the fact that the i pad is like, 40% sound, but i still like the product. If you have this problem i suggest going to a quieter area or plugging in ear phones to assure you get the most out of your money.Covers: I don't have a smart-cover. Perhaps the smart-covers do save the battery and make the screen sleep when you put the cover over it, but i have a cover that's not a smart-cover and it is just fine. As long as you turn it off when not in use for long periods of time any covers should work. Note that the cover should fit nicely around the i pad 2, that way, it is a better buy and protects the i pad more. i would suggest a case to help protect it and make a nice little stand for it. You can't exactly rate a cover because there are many different ones, but here is my rate on how important a cover is to have to me. A B. Its optional, but a good idea.App Usage speed: Most of the apps i use are great, fast, functional, and don't have jerky movements. Take Talking Friends apps for example. They are fun, functional, and fast. Just how it should be, not to mention very clever. There isn't much to say about this particular category, but let me just say it deserves a A or B for nice function.Note where there should have been another Category view: I haven't had really any interaction with a regular i pad, so i can't say if the i pad 2 is really "new and improved", but i can say its good for me and very fast. Keep that in mind.Video and Photo booth: I love making videos, so i was happy to hear that the i pad 2 came with a camera ready to make some videos! It is a personal highlight. Also photo booth is fun. seeing what your pictures look like in x-ray vision, and flipped, and so much more. I really liked that. too bad you can't film videos in photo booth :( Also note that both of these are the free apps that come right when you get the i pad. the video is connected to camera app.Personal Favorites: I love the i pad 2, but my favorite features about it, are the following:.Its very thin and simple, which is very neat..The apps are great and so are their function..A i pad without WiFi is a very sad i pad..Videos and photo booth..speed!-------> ZOOMGRAND CLOSING..These are all my opinions of different category in the i pad 2. Comment if there is more you want to know about the i pad 2 and i will see if i have an answer to add to this review for you. Thanks for reading! Hope it helped!!
tablet|This IPad 2 will not be operational when you order and receive it.It does not come with a SIM card installed even though you were asked if your carrier was AT&T or Verison when you order.Had I known this, I could have taken it to AT&T before Christmas and had a SIM card installed so that the gift would have worked when opened on Christmas morning.
tablet|i was very impressed at the speed in which i received my ipad. it was a last minute gift idea and it arrived before christmas. i was very pleased
tablet|A pleasure to do business with. Would go to them first in the future. Thank you and Merry Christmas to you as well!
tablet|I was excited to receive this IPAD2 as a gift. It is meeting all expectations and more! It also arrived in a timely fashion, which was appreciated.
tablet|The White Apple IPAD 2 was just like new as promised and shipped in a safe, secure and well protected quality manner
tablet|Placed my order and in Two days I received my iPad2 and after that all was well with me and my iPad2. No complaints the Order went well and I love my iPad2 !!!George
tablet|Not being a techno-whiz, I need all the cue cards I can get. No cue cards w/ the iPad (original). No instruction book. Even w/ tutorials, lots of info re how to download ($),but no basics like how to access and play the music you have downloaded. Took LOTS of trial and error to figure out.On the up side, having a store nearby to take 1:1 classes is wonderful, and will learn much in short order.One other concern, I downloaded Sketchbook Pro to learn to draw in the computer. Present iPad technology requires a stylus pen w/ an eraser tip for iPad to "read" the marks you make. Any way to make a different type of interface sensitivity (pressure vs electrical charge of skin) to enable a finer tip as needed? Yes, one can choose tips and brushes, but requiring so much surface of the eraser tip to create a line seems inefficient. Perhaps a wacom tablet would have been a better choice.Overall, it is amazing to have music, mail, drawing, search, calendar etc in such a small package. The problems...no doubt more my abilities than the product.
tablet|For years I had carried around a Newton Messagepad 2100; which was the most amazing portable touch screen device until the iPhone dropped in on the scene. But still the iPhone didn't really carry along the legacy of a useful, tablet computer that the Newton had hinted at back in 1997.As soon as I took my new iPad out of the box, I got the picture that there is something to this device that is more than a sum of its parts. After a few months; I keep saying this is the new personal computer. It will be laptops and desktops for work, and devices like the iPad for the rest of life. As it is, the iPad is almost that device - Its much more than I expected.I have zero gripes with the hardware. None. Its the most perfect piece of hardware I've ever used. The battery lasts forever, the screen is amazing (amazing!) - the smart cover is genius.Now that tethering with my iPhone works over bluetooth, portable internet is handled. Netflix, even facetime on the go is seamless.ANyhow I could go on. Its no replacement for a "computer" but does everything else right.I forgive you, Steve Jobs, for killing the Newton.Newton is dead. Long live iPad.
tablet|
tablet|It's a great gadget. Very easy to use, even my 1 n 1/2 years doughter can use it, not kidding. The only three downsides I see are the camera (very bad resolution), the flash problem and some of the apps are really expinsive.
tablet|iPad 2 makes reading fun again. This is a must-have product. Simplifies my life while making news, education, books, and lifestyle easily accessible.
tablet|I travel all the time and this is my must have partner. You are in the airport and no need to take it out of your bag. Flight gets delayed and hey watch a movie. And yes every hottie at the bar will ask you what it is.
tablet|I am very pleased with this purchase! The shipping wasn't fast, but I requested super saver shipping. I love using it! I has almost totally replaced my computer! It is incredibly easy to use.
tablet|This thing is all some! If i had to chose from this or a computer I would chose this ( the IPad 2).
tablet|I've only had my Ipad 2 a month so far but I love it and it's quickly become my favorite gadget Thanks amazon
tablet|I love it. It's stuck in my hands constantly. I love the speed. I love it all. No complaints what so ever. Amazing product.
tablet|What can I say?the iPad is clearly the best in Tablets, and this is Generation 2 So it's just Amazing!I'll skip talking about the device and it facilities, cuz it's everywhereabout the seller and shipping, actually first I was a little bit afraid of ordering from a seller, because all my previous orders were from / fullfilled by Amazonbut eery thing went very smooth and easy, i Think processing took less than a day, and it was shipped and i got it in my mail box after 4 or 5 days (including weekends)I'm an International customer, I got it shippied from Seller to my Aramex Shop and Ship Box then Aramex sent it to me in Bahrainit arrived safe, brand now as it is from the factory, packaging was ExcellentIf I needed to order any similar thing, I will sure buy it again from Stoobie if it's offered by themThank You
tablet|This was a gift for my buddy to give to his wife for their anniversary. After weeks, finally just heard from him and they love it so much it goes everywhere with them. No issues of any kind. Excellent!
tablet|I have the ipad 2 for a month now . Its an amazing device the style , wieght and size r amazing . the device is great in everything but the still camera is absolutly garbage ,apple shouldve done better job in this area and one morething the screen shouldve been ratina like the iphone. anyway to me if u have ipad one dont upgrade to ipad 2 wait for 3 but if u dont u really shoud get one .
tablet|I love my IPAD 2! I can't leave our house without this wonderful device. It meets my need to be connected, for reading and most of all books and apps for my little one. I'm glad I waited for the IPAD 2, it's thinner and lighter than the first gen. I'm hoping it will also be helpful for when I start grad school. I can't wait to get my Piel Frama folio case which will be the home and protection of my IPAD 2.
tablet|My daughter wanted one for Christmas and leap before I looked. The biggest problem is using the payment system for buying apps, movies, etc.. Just google it and you will find the problems are widespread. It won't accept giftcards type credit cards after the first one. They try to force you to use a credit card with large ranges so they can charge you up like cell phone companies do. I will never trust their products ever again and look forward to getting rid of this piece of junk.
tablet|I ordered the Apple iPad 2, and received it rater quickly, within three days. However when I went to sync it and also connect it with my wi-fi, it wouldn't connect or Sync. I immediately brought it to apple and they said it was an internal error, a glitch. After trying to manipulate the iPad to work, they eventually gave me a brand new one. Thankfully, being Apple and standing behind their product 100% I received a new working iPad.
tablet|I received an iPad but it was not the 64 GB AT&T WiFi 3G white iPad I paid for. I received a 16GB WiFi ONLY black iPad instead of what I paid $524.99 for. Speedy Mobile never responded to this incorrect item that was shipped. Do not purchase from this seller. They are dishonest and do not respond to customers. Still fighting for a full refund of $524.99 due to incorrect item. Amazon.com denied my original A-Z claim due to their representative incorrectly filing the claim. The Amazon.com representative entered incorrect information and to this day I have not received a refund. Purchase date: 6-17-12. Appeal claim filed 7-2-12. Today's date: 7-19-12. I purchased this item for a buisness trip, educational and mainly purposes. Enormous loss. Do the mathematics. Losses per day due to insufficient storage and other specifications. In spite of this extremely disappointing outcome, I'm ooking forward to a happier resolution. Fortunately, still have faith in Amazon.com. Stay tuned for the final update.
tablet|Apple has done it again. People all over the world love Macs, Ipods, iPhones, and iPads. I love my iPad 2! I use it just like a regular laptop...Since I can run windows 7 I am able to run programs on it now..... : ) Because programs give you more control than apps, am I correct? & I surf the web, play games, and more. &lt;3 You Steve Jobs!!!!
tablet|i have an iPad 2 , i use it lots of times! it makes me feel special to have it, i got many games on it, i share and play with my friends and family ,it is so thin that i ant travel with it .
tablet|1. I love this new toy of mine, I can sit around being lazy and surf the web or do my emails. Oh yea...the family that did not think they would like it......just say we fight over it now. Buying it through Amazon was a breeze, got it quick with no problems. I even used my credit card points to pay for it with ease. Get one for you!
tablet|I am more than pleased with my new ipad2. I struggled with the decision to buy it but it was a good decision.One unexpected plus was I found it was so easy to use the free Kindle app to move all my Kindle books over to the iPad. Now I can read from either device and my husband and I don't fight over the Kindle anymore.One negative is that I was surprised and disappointed that there was no user's manual included. At the price one pays I think it is pretty cheap of Apple to not include a manual . . . What other device or piece of equipment that costs $600+ doesn't come with instructions for use?
tablet|Who can not love the easiest of all computers. this is an I phone but bigger .. Thank you for making it not ring .. Lol .. I got the I phone then the I pad .. Now everything in this house is Mac product ., I have no need for a Pc anymore make is so much easier no I am not a computer guru. I am computer illiterate and I find Mac is way easier to use.. Thank you Mac I am a huge fan
tablet|After researching tons of tablets, I've come to the conclusion that it is worth it to spend a little more for the ipad2. I love it.
tablet|Great buy!!! Love the Ipad!!! I use it for work, at home!!!!I recommend it very much!!!And it is not expensive for what you can do with it!!!
tablet|This tablet is just perfect, it has the right screen size and weight. If you are looking for a tablet for diverse use: classes, gaming, work pressentations it will suit you just right. Remember to buy a protector for the back, since it looks great, but it's delicate and it may get scratched.
tablet|It is very nice but lacks flash player, therefore it is not very useful as a browser. Plus: many applications and intuitive interface. Cons: no flash player, expensive applications, some applications lack basic functionality (like lists in Twitter). The worst: Is not environmentally friendly and when the battery runs dead you have to throw it away.
tablet|Simply to say, I got it wrapped and brand new on the time and date that I was told I will.Love it! This is going to be the best present for my mom =)I trust the seller - ConcordLLC ; and of course amazon has the best customer service!Overall I am very satisfied with the purchase!
tablet|The iPad 2 is a nice step up from the first generation iPad. The new thin design only is a reason to select the 2nd generation model over the first. Much more like a tablet than the first one, the new sleek design is lighter and feels much better in your hands. Of course the camera is a big difference and it allows you to do things like Skype. There are some other changes like a doubling of the RAM size, but those first two features are the ones that will immediately jump out at you. After that, it operates the same as the first generation iPad and is truly one of the cooler tech devices out on the market.
tablet|Bought this Ipad 2 for my wife as a birthday gift and she loves it. I wish the 5meg camera took better pictures. But a great system to check emails, surf the net, etc, etc. Ipad 2 is very fast and main connection excellent.
tablet|great, awesome, wonderful, cool, neat, gnarley, perfect, wow, the cat's meow, spiffy. Would I reccomend it (?) hmm let me think... probably.
tablet|Love, love, LOVE IT!!! I wanted one for a long time and couldn't wait to get it. Have been using it daily ever since. Nothing else to say. It's great!
tablet|I Did my research, and love this product. Must have! And often better than most tablets I have messed with.
tablet|The iPad works great, I have found no problems at all with it. I am so happy with the product. The only thing I didn't like was the packaging. The box was barely taped shut, I could stick my entire hand in the side of it. No bubble wrap was placed around the iPad box to protect from damages. I would have liked amazon to pay closer attention to their shipping boxes
tablet|I bought a " like new" still with warranty but used Ipad 2. It was cheaper than the new Apple Ipad 2 ..What a MISTAKE !!!The nite I received it..got an email on my reg laptop saying my IPAD had an attempted hack @ 0145 from VIETNAM!!So don't trust any used IPADS. Had to change all passwords, it hacked my friends email addresses in effort to also hack them...So I am left with only a toy..can't use it for anything else...Buy the real one from the Apple Store..DISGUSTED !!
tablet|Producto excelente y buen estado entregado a tiempo y en condiciones &oacute;ptimas altamente recomendado el vendedor y con buena credibilidad
tablet|great purchase; good price for the item. Husband is loving his new ipad which was a gift for this past Christmas.
tablet|this thing is the best and i didn't have to spend an arm and a leg for it so i am very satisfied. amazon is my new ordering center.
tablet|The product (iPad 2) is as it is described by the seller and the delivery is fast. I recommend to all.
tablet|Good service and good products. I must agree that you provide a premium source of items to purchasersespecially out off tthe USA
tablet|Nothing negative can be said about this product. Great item, arrived within days of order in perfect condition. Ready to use right out of the box. Great experience from this supplier.
tablet|My i Pad is a wonderful product, I am happy I bought it.It is easy to use, as intuitive as can be, and is a delight to own and use.So far, (two weeks after delivery), I ha ve downloaded a few games, plus chess, and a book, plus my subscription to two magazines.The iPad is kind of like a cyber-friend, it is there at the ready to play or do whatever, just like a happy puppy. As a matter-of-fact, were I in charge of product-naming at Apple, this thing would have been named the iPuppy, it is just a fun creation all the way.Had I to do it again, I would repeat the purchase.Dan Elliott Jr.
tablet|Great product, very addictive, I have move all the things that I wasn't suppose to do in my laptop to the iPad 2 (internet browsing, personal email, pictures, movies, calendars, TV, news, e-Books, etc) it seems just like the right device for it, so now my laptop is only for work.Highly recommended.
tablet|I just received a new IPAD2 delivered for $510.90.I looked at Amazon no luck. I tried Ebay, no luck. I tried Apple.com, Apple Store, and Best Buy.On Google I found J&R.com. Jaques at ext.1015 sold me a new iPad2 in black. I paid $498.88 plus $12.02 for two-day UPS. The iPad2 arrived in two weeks. I paid no sales tax and no CA recycle fee. They sell all models.This was a great experience. Since then, I bought an easy set-up Medialink wireless router, a bargain Casecrown protective case, and a couple capacitive pens, all from Amazon. Everything a great deal. Also, check out Amazon's price on the AppleCare Protection Plan.
tablet|I owned iPad 1 but, I was surprised when iPad 2 comes out. I was in need for more speed, camera, more battery life (10 hours) and more monitor resolution. Now, I have more satisfaction but still we are in need for Flash module and more development to let us use it instead of our laptop. I am using it for my project management work, some photo / movie editing, emails, presentation, Internet browsing, to do list calendar, friends caring, Facebook, and more. I compared it with motorols Xoom tablet but, I choosed the iPad 2. I love iPad 2 and I have a lot of ideas for it's required development and I hope to get a Chanel to communicate with Apple the greatest company around the world. Also, I have the Mac mini iPod and iPhone. I recommend the iPad 2 as the best tablet in the market.
tablet|I received this from my employer.Here are my observationsPros:LightweightPortableSurf InterneteReaderCons:Device is slippery - definitely need case or other backing or it could easily be droppedScreen can easily be scratched unless you have a stand or some way of keeping it off your deskKeyboard is lacking tab, arrow keys, switching between letters and numbers/symbols is inconceivable for a device you type on. 3rd keyboard for special characters, keyboard covers up screen. During online chat the chat window from agent disappeared when I started typing.Making corrections to this review I can't scroll down to information I already typed. No arrow keys, had to preview then edit, the hit return then delete returns.Hard to place cursor between letters even using a stylusIn app store some games say they are free but eventually you must buy to continue. Many of the thousands of apps are games and not many useful apps for business.Hard to scroll in form (like this on). Every time I try to place the cursor I get a pop to cut, copy etcReading books hard because thumb placement on device can inadvertently turn pages or other thumb can take you out of book and to the desktop. Also must hold iPad to read comfortably.Battery life is okay but I expected more (been using for 2 hours am down to 63% from fully charged, now down to 54%You need a computer as you have to sync with iTunes. Also, have not found a way to delete apps off iPad without iTunesNo USB ports, only expandable through mini sdLarge for everyday use and since back is so slippery is hard to hold securely unless you have a case.Conclusion:The more I use it the less I like it.This doesn't do much more than a Palm Pilot and the palm can fit easily in your pocket or purse, has onscreen keyboard, graffiti, wifi, sd slot, Bluetooth, real word and excel software, email, built-in calculator, eReader, music, etc. Too bad they are no longer available except on eBay.However, if you want a 10" screen then a netbook is much more useful. A real OS, flash support, large hard drive, screen can be adjusted for optimal viewing, USB ports, and the list goes on. Portability is not much different and you can get a lot more for your money. Price is another plus.I would never have bought this for myself. As I finish this the battery is at 56%. Typing this has been tedious and draining.
tablet|While the iPad 2 is indeed the coolest gadget to own at the moment, it hardly does anything productively. This is not to say I do not love my iPad 2. I use it to watch Netflix, type company notes, play games, and occasionally listen to music on it. That is precisely where I find the problem. I use it to do things I do perfectly fine on a computer or laptop. I can watch Netflix, take notes, game, music on my computer and it does an even better job! The truth is, I often have to find an excuse to use my iPad 2 instead of getting on my laptop.So why iPad 2? Because it's a luxury item and everything looks more beautiful on an iPad 2. At least that's what you'll convince yourself, well, I did...
tablet|I still have the Ipad 2 and although I used it a lot when I first got it it more or less just collects dust now. Im just somehow always using my laptop more. The Ipad seems lacking in speed compared to all the laptops I have, especially when browsing the web, and I get very impatient. Screen resolution is great, and its fun to use for games aside from that I haven't found much use for it.
tablet|Product came as was advertised. Had tried to cancel, shipped within 8 hours which was ok. Wanted to return, restocking fee to be charged was $61.18. Will not do business with this merchant in future.
tablet|I love a product that is intuitive and just plain works. This describes the iPad to a tee. It is sleek, easy to use, has a super long battery life, and has made me more productive in countless ways. I use it for- video conferencing- tracking my fitness goals- email and web conferencing- reading books (especially at the gym)- staying on top of my calendar- taking and sharing photos- watching movies.I use it much more than I used my Kindle Fire and it's much handier than my laptop. Love!
tablet|we recieved it ,it was packaged very well, if you haven t used one yet, it takes a little time to get used to it, compared to a normal labtop, but we have, and love it, if your just looking for something to surf the webs, and pay the bills , it s great, and the fact that you can load apps helps you make it more personal. make sure , you get a protective cover for it, so it doesnt get scratched up
tablet|Great product. And amazing Christmas gift for my paramour. I really think this word requirement for a review is quite ridiculous, by the way!
tablet|I was really excited when i got it., but tested it ..Some functions not working.. Like the menu button is bad.. Makes funny sound wen using it.. Didnt mention it ad no sim? The question was ignored..
tablet|I ordered this item as a Christmas gift, It was not opened until Christmas day. We found that it would not hook up to Wi-Fi. I contacted the company that it did not function properly. They said that they have a 30 day return policy and would not fix or exchange the iPad. It cost me another 199.00 to have the hard ware repaired. I will never order from this company again. And would not recommend this company to anyone.
tablet|I purchased a "NEW" I pad 2, with verizon wifi. When we tried to connect to wifi, it would not work.we took it to an apple store, they informed us that it was a "refurbished" Ipad. it even had a barcodesticker on the back with a date on it, the gentleman at the apple store punched in the barcode # and itshowed that the person who had it previously also had problems with the wifi. He also told us that Ipadsdo not come with barcode stickers on the back. needless to say we were not happy that we paid $590 for a"NEW" Ipad and recieved a refurbished one. So check the back of your Ipad, if there is a barcode stickeron the back IT IS NOT a new Ipad, FYI. I will keep you updated when and if we get our refund.
tablet|Love the product, this iPad was a gift and as I won't shop at Walmart this deal was comparable to what they offered.
tablet|I have enjoyed my iPad since buying it a few months ago. I was nervous about buying it online without seeing it in person but it appears to be brand new and I have had no problems with it. Reccommend searching Amazon before buying in the store. I saved at least $100 compared to a friend that bought his in the store.
tablet|Havent opened the product as I bought it for a gift, but the box is nicely sealed and is labeled Ipad 2 64gb with verizon as I ordered. Super fast shipping. Had the product within 4 days after ordering.
tablet|Love it love it love it. So much fun!!!!! Thanks Apple great product! Worth the price. I do not have any complaints
tablet|Works well and no visible scratches for a refurb. We do have difficulties getting the ipad to charge but overall a good item
tablet|Product is a great and works great, No problems at all. I would tell people to get one of these
tablet|Several modules came after this one but it still beats the hell out of the copycats tablet..Simply the best tablet on the planet.
tablet|Very Excited about this Ipad2 I have tested it and have loaded all my games. Works great! Can't wait for my son to see it Christmas morning!
tablet|Great product. After doing the research and finding about the bugs the new Ipad 3 was dealing with, going with the I pad 2 was not a bad choice. Very happy with the price and the quality of the product. Also, went with the wifi only model because it has been proven on certain research that the usage of this device and other tablets is mostly around places that have wifi service.
tablet|seems to work great,, will be perfect for my daughter to learn on I am excited for her to get it for xmas
tablet|We purchased the Ipad 2, 64GB for Christmas last year. This has totally replaced our desktop and laptop computers. With the many accessories that Apple offers, there's not much that this little tablet can't do. I do strongly recommend buying a durable case for the ipad such as the otterbox because the glass with break easily if dropped. We are currently having the screen replaced on ours because it got dropped and shattered. I wish we had bought a more durable case for it but you live and learn.
tablet|Loved it, was impressed with the appearance, the fact that it was refurbished. My husband sure enjoy having it. Beautiful
tablet|Great practical product, I use it all the time. This Ipad exceeds my expectations ,and I have to limit my time with it or I wouldn't get anything else done.
tablet|My husband uses keri bath oil... very good product and yes i would recommend it. I will be purchasing....but it is very difficult to get this product
tablet|The sell did great getting the item to me and it is what he said it was. Thanks made my wife very happy.
tablet|I use it every day, it's the best purchase I've made, easy to carry and transport anywhere, so fine, good
tablet|I got the ipad2 for Christmas, being I'm a big kid (50) I got to open it 2 weeks ago. I have not needed to pick the laptop up once sense I had it. I got the Acer500 for Christmas last year and although it was nice it was very slow ever sense I did the last up date on it. The iPad 2 is so much faster and does not loose the browsers like the Acer did. The only one era back on the iPad is it seems to me that a lot of the apps that re suppose to be free are very limited and require you to purchase something to go further in the game or to play it more than twice a day. When I used the Acer they had lot more free apps than apple does and for the most part when they are free they are not limited. I gave the Acer to my son he has lot more games to play on it than I do. Over all I love the Ipad2 mostly for its speed.
tablet|I got the product I wanted think it was good and ok for me will shop more if the time comes
tablet|If I buy it new does it come new in the box sealed up and never used someone please answer
tablet|I am in love with my iPad!! Apple makes the most amazing products. The screen resolution is phenomenal, unlimited apps to download, watch movies instantly, take pictures, make high definition videos, work instantly anywhere and so much more! The ability to connect to the internet is the best feature. Now that the new one has come out, the iPad 2 is a thing of the past. The iPad 3 has even more features. The resolution is better, better picture quality, a little slimmer, longer battery life, updated forms of iOS and it just looks cooler. I love my iPad 2, but I would rather have the iPad 3 now that its out. Time to upgrade!!http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00746VDEU/ref=as_li_ss_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=390957&creativeASIN=B00746VDEU&linkCode=as2&tag=amazon070f-20
tablet|This was a good buy... at a reasonable cost. There were a few scratches at the corners on the back but overall a good product.
tablet|Nice item, however it was overpriced based on comparative models. Also the software was out of date and needed to be upgraded.
tablet|Hardware:The design of the iPad is exceptional with smooth curved edges and elegant textures of soft-touch metal. One problem that is apparent and has been stated multiple times is the weight of the device. It is too heavy to hold comfortably with one hand and the wrist may feel sore or achy after long periods of use. At the time of release, the screen was good enough for the average person to use. However, now with HD screens on devices less than half the size, the iPad's screen is seeming to pale in comparison. In addition, the battery life is quite exceptional. It lasts for weeks in Standby mode and also for long duration while reading or watching movies. Another point is that the cameras on the device are extremely poor, the resulting pictures looking too pixelated to view. You can forget about low-light shooting, because of a lack of flash and a poor image sensor.Software:iOS has always been a novel user interface, not for the unlimited functions, but for the extremely easy to use USER INTERFACE. Heck, I have seen kids not even 2 years old who know how to unlock and play their favorite games on the devices. The app store offers an abundance of games, and "productivity" apps. However, these productivity apps are not that easy to use. Lots of fonts supported by Microsoft Word do not work on these apps and the formatting is often completely messed up when transitioning from my laptop to the iPad. Apple needs to get Microsoft to build a preloaded app that will be accessible from other places in the OS.Overall:It's hard to recommend a product which is primarily limited to games, but if you're looking for an entertainment device, I would recommend the iPad 3 or 4 which have better graphics, a better processor, and a better screen. For the price, this is a good buy.
tablet|If you love your iPhone then you will love the iPad! It's so easy to use, great apps and you can keep everything in iCloud
tablet|I'm very happy with my purchase, as i expected to be. I'm sure in the future i'll buy another items related to this one.
tablet|Good price for a brand new Ipad2, came in a sealed box with very secure packaging. Everything was flawless and product was received in a very good conditon.
tablet|There is no doubt that the iPad in its 3 versions and the new Mini are by far the best tablets in the market (WSJ analyst and NYT analist concurre). The premium that the Apple models carries is justified since you are getting quality, service, reliability and most of all usability.As one analyst put it. the iPad is the Rolex or the Porsche of the tablets, all others are cheap copies with hype and are considered a Timex or a Kya (nothing wrong with Kya or Timex only not to be consfused in terms of its quality and performance).I have being able to upgrade all my iPad, since the resale value of the older ones is high, therefore with minimum investment I can have the latest model, nothing wrong with previous. I highly recomend to pay extra for value. You pay what you get.
tablet|love my ipad. works just like my iphone. I'm not the best at computers, so I find this easiest to navigate. I'm a value shopperand found the best price on amazon.
tablet|As a college student, a tablet definitely comes in handy for taking notes in class. I use to own a samsung galaxy tablet, but it failed to meet my expectations. Overall, I'm really enjoying this new experience.
tablet|Love this ipad! This is my first tablet purchase for myself, and I really love it! I'm still trying to figure out all that can be done with it, but so far have not had anything bad to say about it. It so far has exceded my expectations, in all areas except for the camera part (not great pictures)..if it didn't have it I wouldn't mind.. I didn't purchase it to use the camera.. I have a dslr for that. It's easy to use , so easy that my 2 year old grand-daughter knows exactly how it works.. :) 4 stars just because of the camera issue...
tablet|I know I have waited for a very long time to buy it. But I wanted bugs worked out as well as a good $ deal. And I just got it! Guys, if you want to save even more money, look it up online and then select the best dea with local pick up. That's what I did any way. You'd be surprised...My favorite $ saving feature so far: GoodPlayer.
tablet|every time I open the Ipad, I need to redo my Wi-Fi connections. and they shut off at will. I use the same Wi-Fi for my computer and it is on all the time. This is a terrible inconvenience.
tablet|I bought this for my 2 years old son. It looks new without any scratch as it advertised. All the functions are good. It comes with a box with all the items inside. Deliver on time. Overall I m satisfied.
tablet|If you want to make pictures you have to choose the iPad 3 with the better camera. Also if you want to use it with GPS Navigation, you need a iPad with 3G - this iPad is only WIFI - so it don't come with an GPS! But for using it for checking Mails, or for Facebook it's perfect. If I don't have Wifi where I am I switch on my Hotspot from my iPhone and I Internet where ever I want. For the way I use it, it's perfect!And the shipping was really fast. The dealer was nice if I call him and ask, if he can sent it as soon as possible! He does it!!!!!
tablet|The power of a mobile device is directly tied to its apps - and Apple's iOS platform wins there. There is an app for pretty much any task or interest.The hardware on the iPad 2 is much improved over the original, and not far removed from the "new iPad" with the Retina display. In particular, the addition of a dual-core CPU and camera son the iPad 2 are great, useful features.
tablet|No me gusto el envio de la mercancia. porque me cobraron para que llegue mas rapido y lo enviaron por correo normal, no llego a tiempo, tuve que comprar otro.
tablet|I am truly enjoying my ipad2. After purchasing I had some concerns because it was an open box product. I had it checked out and it was a good deal for the price I paid.
tablet|I bought this for my 11 year old daughter. She absolutely loves it, considering many of her friends own one as well. I don't even have one myself...go figure. She loves the apps and takes lots of pictures with it. I will probably upgrade her to the newest version since it has better picture quality and keep this one for myself.
tablet|I received it really fast! It was in perfect condition and factory sealed just as advertised. I have an iPhone and this is basically a bigger version. I love how compact it is but not as small as a Kindle Fire. It was easy to sync the apps I already have on my iPhone to my iPad. I would definitely purchase a product from this company again!
tablet|The APPLE IPAD 2 is a great device, I am very pleased with it, I wish I would have ordered a long time ago.
tablet|Pad received quickly and in like-new condition! Saved lots of $$ on a long-awaited Fathers Day gift! Thanks do much! I'll shop again soon.
tablet|Im writing this review from my iPad. This is my third tablet ( others where Android), and this one is the best. Before I got this I was on my computer ALL day, now Im only on once or twice a day now. This does everything. It runs apps very smooth. So far I have not had a problem with this!
tablet|So when I got the device it worked great, everything ran well. The programing was well done and it was prompt and timely upon it's arrival. But I am sad to report that after having it since the beginning of the year, about two months ago the screen went black, makes sounds but has yet to return to it's full function. I can't get anything to work and am highly disappointed that I spent so much money on the product and I don't have a product production.
tablet|Love this gadget...I've learned how to play chess. It definitely gives me a way to escape and get news quickly.
tablet|Arrived immediately in perfect condition, exactly as described. Answered email Qs within 24 hrs. And came with 6 mos existing Apple warranty. Highly recommend.
tablet|This is a great item. My husband uses it all day every day. Could not have bought it anywhere else for the price.
tablet|It was well done and I am enjoying the I pad very much.Came shipped in good manner and on time.
tablet|I bought the iPad as a gift. Receipant was very excited to get this item. Unfortunately when item is a gift; I don't get immediate comments back.
tablet|I wish I knew that the iPad2 had the old operating system on it before I bought it. I would probably have bought it any way but I would have been prepared.
tablet|i am 10 and i totally LOVE it. it makes a great skreen for apps. thats my review.s i lllooovvveee it
tablet|The iPad was delivered as promised by the Amazon vendor. My son loves the iPad. It is exactly what we expected. It's too bad Apple's support website is so weak. For a toy that is supposed to be able to be used by a 12 year old intuitively, there's a lot on the iPad that is not intuitive...
tablet|I received my product in ONE business day! Great service, and my "refurbished" product seems not different than brand new. I've had it for a few weeks now, and everything is great.
tablet|it functions smoothly, screen is vivid, its a great product. my only complaint would be the apps for autism are not so great and most charge whereas on android there are alot more autism apps and most are free. i do love the ipad & my autistic child enjoys it too.
tablet|We purchased this ipad2 for my 6 year old daughter. She loves orand it looks great. It was still under apple warranty.
tablet|I got this iPad as a gift and it's been one of the best I have given to my wife, and that includes emeralds. It was not packed in original packaging, but it was packed with a lot of care. I was very pleased and my wife even more so. I am though trying to get her to expand a little beyond Angry Birds. Her laptop is seeing less and less action. Once she is able to VPN with work, not Apple's fault, I will give the laptop to my son.
tablet|When I read it was going to be a used iPad 2, I was expecting it to be in some decent condition.When it arrived in pretty secure package I was glad. The screen had no smudge on it (as if they took the time to really polish it up).Software was out of date, but that was easily resolved by hooking it up with iTunes. Gave the iPad as a gift to my mom and she loves it.CONS:My only complaint was that they (Secondipity) left the iPad on when they delivered it (luckily it didn't explode or anything).
tablet|Great Service and quality product, with a great price, thats a good option to get more options.I recommend this store i received on time
tablet|Estoy muy satisfecha por la calidad del producto, la seriedad de la empresa y rapid&eacute;z de entrega. Hasta ahora no he tenido ninguna queja, recomiendo ampliamente.
tablet|the ipad2 i bought was in amazing coditions i love the product i cant keep my hands off of it :)
tablet|this product is great much better then i expected. this is a great i pad for a great price it works well and its shows no signs of use
tablet|Love my new IPad! The only thing I regret is I bought it too soon. Should have waited for the price to go down!
tablet|Am so happy with the Ipad I got for my girlfriend. She loves it and her being happy makes me happy.The seller has great friendly service. Shipped and received so fast!!M.Daniels
tablet|As Described,awsome product. Fast Delivered,i recommend this seller.I try an android based tablet before but when i got the apple ipad there no comparison.
tablet|The IPAD 2 I bought is a very good product. However, with the proliferation of tablets made by all the major tech giants, more functionalities have to be added to this device. Currently, it is overpriced and their are no ways to transfer imges/videos from the ipad to my computer or my phone through bluetooth or USB. there are only interfaces with other apple products which is not good enough.
tablet|This is a great product, it arrived on time and performs as expected. We are very pleased with this purchase.
tablet|The iPad is everything that I wanted and has proformed exactly as is discribed. I would recommend it to anyone.
tablet|Couldn't be happier with my new Ipad. I have had an imac desktop & mac laptop for about 3 years now and debated if I needed another mac computer. I am so glad I took the plunge. It is so fast and make web surfing easier than ever.
tablet|I feel the ipad 2 is a great investment. It can do everything you would need a normal computer to do but a ton more. Its extremely fast and lightweight along with a long lasting battery life which I enjoy. Works perfect for students like myself and in the business field for my job and can finish normally huge assignments and projects in minutes. For $499 you get everything you pay for. The only con is I wish it had a flash player since it wont play certain videos. The ipad 2 is a must buy for any skeptics out there!!!
tablet|purchased ipad as gift for friend as I had just received one, and was having so much fun with it. She loves it. She is better at using it, than I am already. Would highly recommend it!
tablet|My ipad2 arrived in original box and all accessories. Works like a new ipad2. great battery life and warranty. Have now bought two used ipad2 from same seller.
tablet|The product is excellent. Reached all my expectations. It is easy to use and each day I discover a new application. A real show information and applications. Recommend.
tablet|I own an I Mac, an I phone, an this machine. I am a Science professor and I browse the Internet quite often. This device is what the doctor ordered. It is mighty awesome. Thanks Steve.
tablet|I figured the Ipad 2 was overrated, but after receiving one for Christmas, I have to say I love it. Working it is very intuitive and easy, and it seems like you can do nearly anything on it. Some of the things I do on my ipad: check and write mail, surf the web, send IMs, watch movies, take, and edit pictures, listen to my Itunes library or Pandora/Slacker radio, read books and magazines, play games, listen to podcasts at work, skype with my family, keep contacts/notes to myself, etc. There are so many cool apps, a lot of them free. There's probably a lot I haven't discovered yet, but with what I have so far I'm very happy. I take it to work everyday, plug in my earbuds, and it keeps me entertained whilst working a boring, tedious office job. After checking it out, my coworkers all want one too. I highly recommended it.
tablet|I love my iPad 2. It is so easy to use, I skype often with my daugther. This thing sleeps with me in my bed every night.
tablet|Absolutely love this iPad! Perfect for when iPhone to small to see things on and computer to bulky to lug!
tablet|Came on time and in good condition. I love this Ipad.This Ipad came is a steal packaging and i will order from them again. I already connected my ipad with at&t plan and works as if I brought it from Apple store.
tablet|I got the iPad 2 in white and 64 gb with wifi+Verizon 3G and I absolutely love it! I suggest getting the biggest one you can so you don't have to worry about running out of space! I was worried about the white only after reading a few negative reviews about finding it distracting and I haven't found that to be the case for me. However, the screen protector I bought does not seem to fit as well as my mom's (same everything except hers is in black). I don't know if it was just a problem with that protector or if there is a slight size difference. Other than that no issues!
tablet|The item was mostly in the condition stated and it was shipped very quickly. I am enjoying it a lot.
tablet|I purchased my iPad the week before Thanksgiving and was very pleased with the shipping. I got it two days before the expected delivery. I liked the fact that Amazon has a store card too. This helped me make the decision to purchase on Amazon. I am very happy with my iPad. I got the 64G with Wifi and 3G. Love it!
tablet|the I-pad was as advertised, and shipped in a timely way. the wi-fi feature has proved to be a great feature. I was not able to tell this unit from a new unit..
tablet|I really like my iPad. It's really good. Not much else to say. Yep, I love my iPad. Better than any other tablet.
tablet|I absolutely love the Ipad 2 and am glad I decided to purchase it. It is a little more expensive, but it is worth it.No problems with shipping and everything arrived well packaged. Would recommend and would use this seller again.
tablet|Got this as early Xmas present! I was surprise to get it, since I used my iphone so much.. and its getting smaller to read off the iphone, the iPad just does the job for me! Thank you... but now I have to spend less time with the family :-)
tablet|The iPad 2 is great! With iCloud everything syncs perfectly with my iPhone. Really happy with it! It is nice to have the same functionality of the iPhone with a much more manageable screen size. Highly recommended product. Just not from the vendor I purchased it from....."stuyvesant camera" was difficult to deal with and the first one arrived broken, communication from them was poor and they went back on their word. Now that I have an intact iPad I'm very happy but will never purchase anything from them again.
tablet|As everyone expects, the IPad 2 is almost flawless. It is a wonderful piece of technology that pays off if you don't expect it to be a replacement for a pc.And as usual, Amazon was great to deal with. :-)
tablet|I had the earlier I Pad 2 but without the 3 g. The performance with the 3 g connectivity is outstanding and worth the sdditional cost.
tablet|In a few words... is just amaizing how Apple develop this great product and you have a whole world of APPS for every task.Is just a great... you must have one..!
tablet|My family is just getting to know the iPad2, but so far we love it. It has many features we have yet to discover, but have found it useful for educational apps for our children and functional apps for our home. It can definitely calm a bored 5 year old if you have a long wait. That is almost worth the price.Due to shortage of WiFi units, we had to pay the extra $130 for a 3G model. While we did not like having to pay the premium, it was better than the very long wait.
tablet|This was a graduation present for family. She loves it and honestly uses it 4-6 hrs a day. She is a teacher and uses it in class. Great graduation gift for new teacher.
tablet|It has be great with lots of fun. Easy use with big screen than my I-Phone.Glad I got the 3G.
tablet|I give them 4* for effort. But where are you gonna fit this tablet. Believe me not EZ. And priced still high. A T & T where not able to answer my technical support questions either. Simple stuff like my range of internet access. Can I piggy back or I'M confused puppy. Someone that knows clarify. Lets start a dialog.
tablet|I travel for work and this thing is the best thing you can think of for your frequent traveler ( the only thing you have to watch out for is leaving it in that little pocket but at least they offer software to track it with) Only happened to me once and I got it back.
tablet|BUYER BEWARE - IPADS ARE DISPOSABLE ELECTRONICS. My Ipad broke so I took it to an Apple store, but THEY WILL NOT FIX IT. Instead Apple will give you a refurbished Ipad if your warranty is still in effect. If your warranty has expired then your only option may be to throw your Ipad away. This means that after 13 months (unless you pay for an extra year of warranty then it will be 25 months) you could be flushing $500-$800 down the toilette. Even worse, if you are still under a warranty then Apple will give you a refurbished Ipad which could have 2-3 year old parts in it. An Applette at an Apple store told me that any broken Ipads are sent back to the factory where the unbroken parts are recycled into other Ipads. In other words, if you have a 6 month old Ipad that breaks, you could get a replacement that is already 2 years old. These disposal electronics only have a 3-5 year lifespan and `refurbished' has a reputation of lasting 1 month past the end of the warranty period or 6 months, whichever is a shorter period. If you are one of those that just has to have an Ipad then buy the cheapest one, otherwise buy the competitors for  to  the price of an Ipad. BTW, Apple might use old Ipad 1 parts in a refurbished Ipad 2.
tablet|First, let me tell you about what you can do on a Kindle Fire...I just told you what you can do on a Kindle Fire. The only advantage the Kindle Fire has over the iPad is the Directory (built-in) and the Android side-loading. The apps are not well built, and after a while, the UI (or user interface) gets old!-Now, let me tell you what you can do on a iPad that is BETTER than the Kindle Fire:Video, Camera, Skype, Kindle APP, (which I find WAY better than that of the Kindle its self), Agmented realiy apps (Such as Flow, junaio, Microsoft Photosynh), apps that require audio input and iPhone apps.-There are MORE things you can do, too though I just named a couple. If, in the case that there are no apps that suit your needs on the iPad, it works with iPhone apps VERY well, too.-75% of my LIFE is on this thing (iPad), and on my old Kindle, less than 5%. Saddly, the iPad killer just got killed by the iPad.
tablet|The pixel density on this tablet is good enough to get good smoothing of the font edges. Yet, the iOS doesn't do well here. In result, reading PDFs is impossible as it causes some serious strain on my eyes. I have 20" LCD HP crap that has ~3 less pixel density. Yet, the font edges are as good as on this IPAD. Huh.I see IPAD3 fixes this problem, but not in the iOS but with better screen - good for marketing since not many people even see any difference. In fact, people say the screen is not worth it. Huh. Makes me think if I got the eagle eyes or maybe there is a few million people who simply don't know nothing.If you don't need PDF, well, letters in Safari are terrible too.Also, I cannot believe there is no LED behind the Home button. There is even that dark square in it where LED could fit (like on HP touchpad). So, carrying it next to me, like iPhone, and checking email frequently is the way to go? That's ridiculous. If I am not using it, it's on the stand, not withing my reach. That's where LED comes handy.Also, when I click on Mail icon that shows new email, it opens inbox, instead the email. - few clicks more are needed to see the email. Terrible approach if you plan to use multiple accounts and receive many emails.Finally, Notification bar is not popping-up new messages when I am working on ipad. Why? Status bar is there all the time - showing some small icon when new message arrives would be completely unobtrusive.In summary, message/email communication interface is years behind Android. And yet, all that is needed are few minor changes.I was hopping that external adapter can serves as additional storage. At least read-only. But no, you can only import stuff from there. Import where? To 16GB memory? From HD camera? Ridiculous.
tablet|I own a Nook Tablet, Kindle Fire and an ipad2.I would have to guess that most of the people that rate the ipad2 5 stars have not tried other tablets,Maybe you will like the ipad -- it has more apps in its store, but it also is slow compared to my Kindle Fireand lacks the customization options of Android,Apple products I have owned have malfunctioned after a few years (2 if my 4 itouchs')Not having Flash Video is a major shortcoming -- most videos online are flash -- so you will be disappointed when videosdon't play.Ipad does have a nice big screen, but no USB port, no memory card slot, average cameras and a VERY HIGH price.I bought mine because of the hype and I was curious.My advice is to check them all out before you buy - I would not have bought mine -- it is OK but over-rated with many shortcomings
tablet|After using the iPad 2 for about six months I can definitely say that I can't wait for the Windows 8 tablet to be released. The iPad 2 is a neat toy but it is too limitd to use for any productive purposes. Number one on the list is no Flash. I can't even tell you how many times I've had to put the iPad 2 aside and grab a Windows laptop to look at a Web page. At this point, if I want to be productive I grab a Windows laptop. If I want to play games I grab the iPad 2.
tablet|Why pay $450 here when you can get a refurbished iPad2 directly from Apple for the same price with Apple warranty, etc.?
tablet|I use my Xoom for grad school everyday and I love it! Let me say that my wife has an iPad, and I like it too. However, iOS feels like training wheels and Honeycomb feels like the real deal. Android is more like an actual computer while iOS feels like (and is) a giant phone. I can do things like download Power Points directly to my device and open them using Docs To Go. What good are 10,000 apps if they are all games?! I have not discovered anything yet that my iPad colleagues in school can do that I cannot with the Xoom, but only Android has widgets, multiple desktops, Google integration, the list goes on and on... Honeycomb is getting new apps everyday and you are free of Apple's restrictive environment. Plus, Ice Cream Sandwich is going to polish off Android and take it to the next level. Take it from me, if you want open accessibility, maximum customization, and the slickest OS, you want Android. MOTOROLA XOOM Android Tablet (10.1-Inch, 32GB, Wi-Fi)
tablet|This is a refurbished item and it started having problems on the same day the return window expired; the rotation feature is broken and I will have to get it fixed at my cost because I have been unable to contact the vendor. When the item arrived it didn't include any type of warranty. So I now have a one month old i-pad that doesn't work properly. I am not prepared to give a positive review and I do not appreciate the difficulty in contacting the vendor directly. This is Bargain Devices, sponsored by Amazon.UPDATEActually it turns out that all I needed to do to correct this problem is to reset the i-pad to factory standards using i-tunes; the apple people were patient and helpful and it didn't take too long. Apparently this is a common problem but fairly easy to solve. I am now very happy with my i-pad
tablet|I believe I could have gotten this item for less money somewhere else but it was a very last minute purchase and now it is cracked and I never knew about an insurance policy I probably should have gotten but was never offered. My daughter is very upset and I do not know what can be done.
tablet|Where to start, the iPad is amazing anyways! lots of things to discover and learn, and makes life easier in every way!whether to read, shop online, write or paint, compose music and songs, or simply read a book or play a game! everything in the ipad is amazing!
tablet|It is of good quality and easy to use it. It is entertaining and help me with my work a lot.
tablet|Came on time... no major issues, just a few glitches. I could no longer live my life without the iPad. It's so versatile and handy. Super lightweight... great screen definition.
tablet|It was incrdebly amazing it didnt have any scratches, it was in a perfect condition, it surprised me and I appreciate it was how I hope it would be THANKS.
tablet|Really big upgrade over the iPad 1. Only downfall is I have broken 2 screens in 6 months. Apple replaced the 1st screen at no charge, but I doubt they will fix the next one. Glass could be stronger, but should be ok if careful.
tablet|Estoy muy contento por esta compra realizada ya que recib&iacute; mi iPad 2 sin ning&uacute;n contratiempo... Recomiendo este vendedor a todos en Venezuela. El producto me llego 100% original y nuevo de paquete, Apple es lo mejor. Amazon lo m&aacute;ximo, por ac&aacute; el iPad me sali&oacute; a mitad de precio con respecto a como lo venden en mi pa&iacute;s!
tablet|Bought my husband an iPad 2 over the net to be able to get mine back! Ordered in Australia on a Wednesday night and had it delivered in Brisbane on the following Monday. Fantastic! The product is great, but we knew it would be. Would highly recommend
tablet|thank you for your product,i like it ,it is a good one.and the function is good,even some scrach in the back ,but it is still nice.
tablet|I don't know what to say except this.....APPLE IS AWESOME!!!!!!! I didn't know what I was missing until this wonderful device came along. Buy it, you will not be sorry!
tablet|I allready new about the product, but now with it in my hands I can feel how good it is.
tablet|Got this for my wife's birthday and she loves it. She uses it to pass the time in the car when we travel and with the Wifi otpion she can check her emails and facebook (with the grandkids) where ever we spend the night. We sync it with the IPhones 4 so everything is there on both items. There are so many apps that really lets you select things that meet your personality.
tablet|I love this product. It is so sleek and so fast and I love reading on it. That's the main reason I bought it. But there is so much more! I have lots to learn about it but that's ok. Having so much fun with it and so happy to be able to read books so clearly and so comfortably.
tablet|I have got on Amazon Apple iPad 2 MC769LL/A Tablet (16GB, Wifi, Black) NEWEST MODEL (Purchased on 08/15/2011)by AppleIt does what it should do and for these who is interested in technical details I recommend to go to Apple web site and see.I would very highly regard the seller "ALLDISCOUNT" who did excellent job of communication , delivery and quality
tablet|This product rocks...everyone know it ...and it does 1) ease of use 2) Powerful 3) Efficient 4) Replaces my desktopDouble thumbs up!
tablet|love it love it love it love it love it love it love it love itand i am reading Steve Job's biography on it .... ahhhhhhhhonly thing is that like all macs you can't do much if you are a PC person. i can't do anything on it work-wise. only for browsing and app playing. yes yes i know that's what Steve Jobs intended - what with the right management and all the 3G cord disables the video out so you cant export video - PAINFUL !!!!AND!!! none of my old charger works - i know apple just wants you to spend more money buying accessories!!! what happened making stuff affordable for the masses? Where's WOZ on this ?
tablet|ExcellentFact that they are a cheap and goodAnd thank you for the trunk and the pen that came with the iPadThis is the only store that sells this price imaginary
tablet|Adorei comprar pelo Amazon.com. Super r&aacute;pido e o preo muito bom. F&aacute;cil e &aacute;gil.Entrega no prazo esperado com todo o conforto de no precisar sair de casa.
tablet|I received my iPad 2 from Worldwide within a week of ordering it. I am very pleased with my order.
tablet|Not gonna lie, when I saw a refurbished iPad from a non apple source, I thought there may be some issues. At the same time I figured I could always return it so I went forward and made the purchase.It arrived a few days later in perfect condition, with no scratches or dents. I couldn't tell the refurbished from the new, and I'm very picky.Thank you so much. I saved over 160 going with you guys!!!!
tablet|Cannot complain, this product is AWESOME all around!Although I have not tested any other tablet, I am currently happy with my purchase.
tablet|GOOD EXPERIENCE, It's easy to use it and I have a lot of fun. I think It's one of the best things I have.
tablet|Muy buen producto estoy completamente satisfecho con el equipo adquirido y con la forma como lo compr&eacute; por medio de Amazon. El tiempo de entrega fue mejor que el esperado y el empaque del producto lleg&oacute; en excelente condiciones.
tablet|This is a 5 Star purchase and a 5 star supplier - I made an error the unit is exactly as ordered and received on the promised date - no problems.
tablet|I purchased the iPad after reading the OS as 4.3 and when I receive it, it is iOS 4.3.5 which I cannot jailbreak. The rest is great and shipping is fast. But the OS is not as mentioned on the post.
tablet|I purchased this iPad as a gift and was very embarrassed when they tried to set it up. It had someones address and contact list as well all there emails. The screen had a scratch on it. Very disappointed with this product.
tablet|Looks Great but not able to use due to it being a christmas present and will not be opened before dec. 25 2012!
tablet|I love my iPad, but I'm frustrated with the struggle to get it in sync with my PC!!!!!!! Even the person I have been in touch with at Apple is frustrated. Can you believe that!!?!?!?! I really want to enjoy working with my PC and my iPad!!!!!!!
tablet|I just really love this iPad. It is the first one I have ever had. I am learning about all the apps and find it very user friendly. A good buy for the price.
tablet|The hardware is great, but the associated software is shoddy. I've been struggling with Apple's email client for months, resulting in lost email and hours of wasted time! For example, I've searched for email that I can even see in the Inbox, just as a test, and the software can't find it. I've reverted to web-based email. Apple ought to be ashamed. Further, the OS led me to expect to be able to enlarge views, but that only works sometimes. Finally, the touch screen's copy, select, and paste functions are incredibly frustrating. If you are clicking on small text and want to cut and paste, it's sometimes impossible to select the correct spot, and I've wasted a total of hours trying to do this basic function. An alternative would be arrow keys in the software (on-screen) keyboard, but there are none! Great hardware is one thing, but if the user is constantly frustrated by the software, then the overall experience is terrible. I've also given up, even after downloading Google's app, trying to edit my Google docs. I was ready to sell my used iBook and just rely on my iPad, but I am often soooo relieved to be back to an easier to use interface, that I'm afraid I'll have to keep both. Ridiculous! Apple is going to lose customers once the word really gets out.
tablet|Two months into owning it the glass got cracked and had to be replaced. I had to replace the glass on an Iphone once before, not a big deal, totally different story on the Ipad. I used a heat gun to soften the glue, but it seemed to just spread the cracks. A million flakes of shattered glass later, it was repaired, but it was by far the most difficult electronics repair I've attempted. Apple will repair the glass for $199-$399, depending on the trim level of the Ipad. Not only is that expensive for what essentially is a sheet of glass, but it's doubly insulting that the cost of the glass depends on how much the Ipad originally retailed for.
tablet|This was a gift for my son. It came faster than expected and was in great shape new in the box and was easy to use and lots of fun.
tablet|This iPad is everything I wanted.......except for one small detail! After a week or so of enjoying my newly found freedom I was shocked to find out I was once again restricted . My new iPad I had ordered specifying MY current mobile proovider had been somehow delivered as a wifi only tablet. Now I'm so frustrated for I cannot exchange nor upgrade this less than desirable used product!Me and myself stuck with it!!!!!
tablet|I first would like to apologize to Audio Video Communication Store the feedback I did yesterday was wrong and there was a misunderstanding because the Ipad was returned and did not understand very well and exactly what Audio Video Communication Store solution offered as an apparently I'm wrong, so I'm entering a new feedback but,anyway I don't receive my Ipad ,but I was receive a solution that I apparently did not understand.Again I Apologise!!thanks
tablet|Pad arrived in good shape. Takes lots of time to download manual. Good product but you really cannot compute with it or do spread sheets. Not sure why I bought it. Just another high expensive toy. But nicely done by Apple.
tablet|I love it! It is the best tabloid on the market. It is worth every last penny. You can do so many things with it, I don't have enough time to explain how many things it can do. It almost becomes a friend to you . You will grow very attached to it! Of course it gets two thumbs up!
tablet|ok i am some one who loves the ipad it is just mindblowing i got this a few weeks it came out and it took 3weeks to get here but it is totally woth the wait. the grafics are amazing the app store is practickly one of a kind compared to other systims and it is litning fast. the thing is as simple to use and can still complete your tasks. my only regret is you cant use java flash on it but there are apps to fix that. there are a few apps to let you login to your computer and make you tablet your computer when you need one.again this is very well the best tablet
tablet|I am more than satisfied with my recent purchase of an Apple iPad2. It's everything I expected and more. It is much easier to carry around the house and elsewhere than was our laptop. And with the Portenzo case I bought for it, it looks good setting on our coffee table. It's fun just downloading and testing the many applications available. This is a must have.Rick
tablet|I love my I pad. I carry it with me wherever I go. It's convenient and has everything I want....e-mail, web capability and more. I would highly recommend this to anyone.
tablet|The new Ipad 2011 is AWESOME. I own both the first Ipad and this new one, and Apple went beyond my expectations on this second one. One of the reasons I love Apple products, whether it be the Iphone or the Ipad, is because of the apps. The new Ipad apps are AWESOME! Also the new Ipad games are pretty cool, also. The new Ipad 2011 still has a few minor issues but absolutely nothing to be concerned with. The new Ipad is so far above and beyond any other tablet out. One of the other cool things about the Ipad 2 is that it is similar to a regular laptop computer when it comes to updates. The new Ipad updates are sent to the tablet automatically, but you can also go online and get additional updates. The new Ipad 2011 also offers some sleek new designs in its covers. Very think and hardly noticable. I would strongly recommend the Ipad 2 over any other tablet on the market. The new Ipad 2011 is a winner in my book!!
tablet|This thing is incredible. It's got great games and is better for quickly checking my email, and filing it, than my desktop computer. It took about five minutes to transfer my address book from my Palm to my iPad, including looking up instructions. The email client and address book are integrated, so I can easily update email addresses in the address book. It's sleek and smooth and nice to touch.I had a little trouble figuring out iTunes to start with (because I was trying to download Plants vs. Zombies before completing the OS update and other setup tasks). I still haven't figured out how to force synch. And it bugs me that everything goes through iTunes -- I want to be able to drag and drop files to it from my computer.The default keyboard utility is useless for any kind of coding -- I've ordered the ZAGGmate keyboard case.To summarize: this is a giant lump of awesome that comes with some minor irritations.
tablet|I am very pleased with the ipad2.Very user friendly and not like a notebook itis very portable and convenient.I use it everyday for research or just fun.
tablet|functions well, not enough instructional information included need to seek additional information. Overall a good product not sure alot of difference between generations.
tablet|Product came as stated in description. Works great for web and mail. Verizon 3G is way better than ATT first generation iPad I owned. Much better coverage.
tablet|Ipad in so many ways is better than many tablets in the market but all of them are junk compare to the Ipad and ipad 2, and now with the slim like upgrade its comfort is twice and multitasking ability has been tripled by the A5 chip witch has made it and imbinsible product on the market. I will recomend to buy the ipad in apple store and buy the apple 1 year day care. or any close store like wallmart target ECT...
tablet|expected to receive cables with it. Didn't. Otherwise Ok. My fault, I guess for not reading properly or asking. Advice to others....... ask first.
tablet|Worthed buying Apple newest ipad using Amazon... freed up my time knowing that the service would achieve my espectations as usual.
tablet|This has been a wonderful new toy for the family. Many incredible functions, and beautiful screen highlight this machine. There are plenty of free apps available through Apple that allow fill any need without spending any money.
tablet|This will be super short... After comparing the others out there... iPad wins hands down. So, if you are looking for the best, have the money, buy this tablet.
tablet|iPad 2 is a great improvement over the original. It's not an absolute must haveif you already have the original, but if you don't, get it! The form factor fits perfectand comfortable in the hand. With iOS 5, it really rocks. An excellent product.
tablet|...but I love it!I was skeptical at first for getting one because the specs didn't/doesn't seem to justify the price. I have a laptop, desktop and a very good Android phone so I didn't really need this. But I've owned many Apple products (Macs and iPods) too, but never an iOS device. So, as a birthday gift, I wanted to splurge (haha).Not to sound like an Apple ad/fanboy (or SJ-RIP), but I do like its `convenience.' I like that I can `lounge' with this instead of being at my desktop, having to deal with the bulk of a laptop or the small size (and power) of my smartphone. The touchscreen is very responsive and the image quality (be it pictures, web pages, video-especially HBO) is great. There is little to understand or setup (except connecting it to your wifi, if you got a wifi only; if you know/use Apple, Android or Windows, you'll figure it out easily). I got a 32 gig because I wasn't sure what my ratio would be for apps vs. media/pic content (even with Apple's cloud service).Granted, it has some limitations (be it lack of `flash,' getting used to the onscreen keyboard and some multi-tasking capabilities), but its conveniences do make up in its usefulness (that is, if you use it for web surfing, checking email, using apps, etc). I've had to stop myself at times from saying `I'm doing those things on such a thin device'-haha.I'll say that this is a very good `half-top,' that is, half a desktop/laptop. It isn't to replace my computer or smartphone, but I do find myself using this more in leisure than my actual computer (haha). I know there are less expensive tablets and/or tablets with better software/hardware specs. But this device is a delight to have when/if you don't want to use your smartphone or computer.
tablet|This is by far my favorite toy. It's more usesr freindly and even more helpful for almost everything I want it for, except the portability issue since theiPod touch fits in your pocket but leaving that aside, it's really mobile, you can take it with you everywhere. This product has literally helped me get over my Ex. Ipad 2 is so much more than just a lareger ipod toch instrument. People making such claims dont seem to have used one. I agree that because applications are similar and they both share the same iOS, the experience might not seem that different, but once you get your hands on it, the bigger screen, the dual core processor, larger memory and longer battery so I like it better.
tablet|Great product exactly as they promote it. What you see is beyond what you expect to see. Something not so good connectivity with pc (file exchange).
tablet|Great, faster than expected, great graphics and the camera is better than expected. Processor is much faster than first generation iPad.
tablet|The IPad is everything stated and so much more. Allowing me to do common work-related items while traveling without having to use my laptop in airports is fabulous. Just love it and finding that I am using the iPad more than my laptop. Not a replacement for a laptop or PC! But enhances ones productivity.
tablet|Product was like knew as advertised. I am grateful for price and value. Shipped immediately and received in three days.
tablet|I was so horrified when I found that my new iPad would not charge. Angel Seller replied to my concerns and offered to replace the product asap. She also offered that I could take it to a local apple store for even quicker replacement. She stood ready to assist in any manner. Luckily the apple store agreed that it was defective and replaced it on the spot. Angel continued to follow up with me to ensure that I was satisfied. She is great to deal with. I'll be back for sure.
tablet|Product was even better than listed the "scratches" on the back are barley viable especially once you put a case on. My bf was really happy with his birthday present :) Fast shipping too!
tablet|No hassel in purchasing or receiving this item. Works great and made it in time for Father's Day . . . yeah!
tablet|I really like this iPad! It does everything I wanted it to and more! The color the quality is outstanding and the HD factors good but watch who you buy from. My seller lost mine and wouldn't refund me without charging 20 percent of the item cost. Wow really? Don't buy from AngelSeller ever!!!!!
tablet|Do not buy the product sold by Warehouse Deals, Inc.I bought a used ipad 2 here.They lied to me. I bought this item because they said this was like new.The surface was OK, but this ipad might be used for a long ong long time.they didn't even reset the drive and had a lot of information.I'm trying to reset the drive, but it's not working.The computer professional helped me reset the drive.I want to return and buy new one.unlucky.......
tablet|I've received this item in due time, and it's amazing.it represents the future, and I'm in touch with that.We have many possibilities and chance to explore the world.
tablet|I cancelled this unit when I realized I am not an AT&T nor a Verizon subscriber. My new wifi IPAD is great and works with my Verizon MIFI modem/router.
tablet|This was a great product and just as described. I received this item right own , time and it was used just as they described..
tablet|I wish I could give this guy more than 5 stars! I chose this seller because of his reviews and they were spot on.Because I did not read the entire listing I didn't receive the item I thought I had ordered. This fellow was incredibly prompt in responding to my questions, remained professional, curteous and helpful even though the mistake was mine. He would have been within his rights to give me a hard time about MY mistake, but he didn't. He apologized for my confusion, graciously accepted my return and refunded the shipping both ways! I recommend him very highly and would be happy to do business with him again. A standup guy!
tablet|The functionality and capability are great. The big drawback is that it does not run Flash and Java, which eliminates about a third of all web content...
tablet|iPad2 64G wifi modelPros: Very good image, light, small, great battery life, almost the 10hrs they claim, not just 3-4. Great for games, internet, books. Contains a standard iPod in it which is nice. Screen is sturdy enough to handle the constant cleaning/wiping you have to do without scratching.Cons: Locks/apps freeze up regularly, needs a power off recycle to fix. Very poor wifi, constantly disconnecting regardless of wifi source, have tried many locations. With button on top, volume button is backwards, right is lower volume, left is higher which is opposite of the scale that pops up to show the volume level.Overall I spend more time getting it to work correctly than I do using it. It reminds of a circa 80s PC, maybe Windows 3.0 era. It is great for games, books, iPod because they are all internal. If it has to go externally to stream content, or send a message, etc that is when the problems develop.People complain constantly that it does not have a USB port. This is good because endless problems would develop from the use of endless attached devices, just like on PCs. Apple wants it closed for a reason, so it will work.Bottom line, it is a toy, great for games, music and not nearly reliable enough to use for anything more important or demanding real time continuous stability.
tablet|Anyone that is thinking of buying an iPad, should be aware of a very recent change in Apple Policy as it relates to the Kindle Store on their mobile devices--iPhone and iPod also.What those idiots did over at Apple was to FORCE Amazon to REMOVE the Kindle Store BUTTON from their mobile devices. This is certainly due to the fact that the KINDLE is FAR superior to their crappy iBooks selctions, and Apple is trying--illegally in my opinion to restrain E-Book Commerce, and should be met with swift Legal Action. This change will make it much harder to buy Kindle Books directly from the mobile device itself. They have also done this to the Barnes & Noble Nook Application also, but as you might guess--they haven't done it to their own iBooks. If you would like any proof of this, just go to your iTunes Software, OR to iTunes on Apples web site, if its not installed on your computer, and read---say---the last 100 reviews of the Kindle App in the last few days. You will be SHOCKED at what you are reading. Then do the same with the Barnes & Noble App.Don't let this stand.
tablet|Great and wonderful experience with a great product. I could not think of a better product to buy. This could not have been a better choice for me.
tablet|Received faster than anticipated with standard delivery. As advertised. Works perfectly. Recommend this seller.This is a luxury item for me. I do not NEED it. I just WANTED it so I can have my 6000+ electronic books relating to my study of Christ and the Word of God with me at all times. This iPad fits in my purse and I take it everywhere. I can read for 2 minutes; close the cover; and pick up 2 hours later at exactly the same place. No carrying around an extra satchel and highlighters and post-it notes. Its all on the iPad. Thank you Lord for this gift!
tablet|i originally had an asus tf101 and i liked it but i traded it for this and i can honestly say i love this prduct. apple is amazing with their products.its fast and has a ton more apps than android.
tablet|Perfect for my needs, much lighter than carrying around a laptop, lots of apps available ..I only wish I had bought the 64 GB version, but I can live with this one /
tablet|The product arrived right as as trading. There was a mistake on my part for the type of connection because I wanted to have purchased the 3G AT & T. The Iphone is great.
tablet|This ipad is nice but it still had all of the previous owners down loads on it and didn't come with a manuel and when requesting one they refered me to a web link and thats not what I asked for.
tablet|IPad2 is great as a big iPhone. As a laptop, otherthan surfing/email, does have limitations which thereare a million reviews to reference.Supplier sent this promptly and packaged well.
tablet|Why has the price for the iPAD 1 not fallen since the introduction (what? 6 months after 1) of the ipad 2? I like my ipad 1 and have been waiting for the price to come down to buy one for my wife. Just curious why the prices are essentially the same. Maybe Christmas sales?
tablet|I'll make this short & to the point, as others have reviewed the iPad & iPad 2 numerous times to count. The iPad 2 was a birthday gift. It works as advertised & reviewed. After I jailbreak it, it can do more =0p...
tablet|UNBELIEVABLE TECHNOLOGY, STEVE JOBS HAS DONE IT AGAIN. AND IT'S THE BEST AVAILABLE. I HAVE 70 APPS AND ONLY USED 2 GB OF SPACE.
tablet|The Ultimate tablet computer. It has no equal in the market. The Apps available are endless. Surfing the Web, checking emails and holding an ibooks bookshelf full of technical PDF documents make the iPad 2 the most useful tool.
tablet|The first thing you will notice about the iPad 2 is how thing apple has gotten this device and how light it really is. The iPad really just feels awesome to hold in the hand and it so well balanced that holding it for a while is no problem at all.... Now what is new about the iPad well it has the addition of two cameras that well suck to say the least and doesn't take good photos and okay videos, but gets the job done when it comes to FaceTime. It also has the new A5 chip which does feel faster than the old A4 chip and makes app switching and loading much faster and handles multi-tasking better with out any lag or crashes. Comes in two colors now (white or black) and is offered on verizon's or AT&T's 3G service. What it all comes down to is if you do have the first gen iPad then there's no reason to really upgrade because you can do everything that the iPad 2 has, now if your new to the iPad or an apple fan boy then jump on this device assuming that you can get your hands on one, I'm lucky to have mine!!!
tablet|I just flew across the USA in my bonanza A36 using the iPad. 13,000 worked well.gps worked entire way.Saves carrying 20Approach books and enroute IFR /VFR charts. New .airport info pages w phone numbers. Fuel price info saved me hundreds of$$Entire USA only uses 1/3rd of avail memory.First unit received had malfunction went to apple store and it was replaced on the spot.Jack
tablet|We needed this iPad quickly to give to a friend who was traveling to S. America. The company was very helpful in getting it to us as quickly as possible.
tablet|I dont know de difference betwen At&t and Verizon. because i need de ipad for Colombia, there`s any problem to connect it here? it`s needs to be unlocked?
tablet|My Ipad was deliveried in right time in good conditions, but I miss the ticket and I worry about warrant
tablet|Apple iPad 2 MC916LL/A Tablet (64GB, Wifi, Black) NEWEST MODELI realized the battery was not charging on the USB port in my computer. Checked the info in the search engines, and it turned out i was not alone, totally disappointed because i was never informed about that.Called Apple which confirmed the same but said they did not have to disclose this info before purchase, and that " I should have asked if it charged in the computer "!!!. I could understand asking for OS specifications, software, etc, but not if the darn thing was charging in the computer, like my other Apple devices and Blackberry, including the Playbook that charges fine.I travel a lot internationally, and i rely on the seat charger port to charge my tablet. After all, the Ipad 2 is a portable device. So I asked them to at least recognize the flaw and to send me the adpters for foreign countries i visit constantly. The answer was from the supervisor : " NO way. You can purchase the adaptors for $81.00 or get a refund ", and a refund i sure got by sending back that device.With this type of attitude of superiority, and the tragic loss of their genius, I don't give more than 5 years for Apple to face the music. What a shame. Apple thinks it is a top Fashion Haute Couture House " by appointment only ".I'll keep using my Playbook and will get the Samsung Android as a back up, but will keeo using the Ipod!!!
tablet|Love it....recommend for needing space to load movies for special needs child so got 64 gb. She was already proficient at using iPad for apps and music and videos. I had ordered white but sent black...I kept it since needed it for graduation gift. Great product!
tablet|It is vrey nice. I like it. The service of the amozon is amazing.Cool. The quality of the Ipad is very nice.
tablet|Every few weeks I have to update the software. iTunes fires up. Decides it needs an update. it also tries to get me to install quicktime and safari - which i decline to download - for the 10th time. it downloads and installs its update. it wants to restart my computer. it restarted. now i download the ipad update. now it wants to sync. it takes 10 minutes just to sync my ipad. now its updating. and when it's done, iTunes, for the 10th time, wants to know why its not the default player for my music. the entire process seems to take 45 minutes. i really expect better from Apple.
tablet|Despite the newer iPad being released only a short time ago the older second generation model remains on top in my opinion. If you are considering a tablet this is definitely the model for you. Apple has put a lot of work into making iOS as easy and accessible to the masses as they can, and that makes for a very pleasant experience. The iPad is great for watching videos, listening to music and reading books. I use my iPad more than I use my computer! There are so literally millions of apps to try. So you might be wondering why I still think this second generation model is King over the newer model? Well the reason is simply the price. The current gen iPad has always been a bit pricey but since the latest one came out this "outdated" model has dropped significantly making this the time to get an iPad 2.
tablet|iPad arrived in good time but I am having problems with the camera. The pictures are not always clear. The resolution is not good. I took it to Apple and they said the camera is just not that good with the iPad 2's. This is disappointing. My daughters ipad2 takes good pictures but mine does not. Guess its a hit or miss.
tablet|As ussual, just another great apple product! Great , fast, astonishing virusfree !! Having an apple product will always be a great experience. Little bit more expensive than competition but, the juice is worth the squeeze!!!
tablet|Product Review: Apple iPad 2 I would like to begin by saying I do not work for Apple nor do I know anyone who does. This review is my total honest opinion on the Apple iPad 2. I have no connection to Apple and this is my honest experience with the item. Advertisements and commercials for products are always circulating twenty four-seven. This also applied to the iPad 2. I had not paid much attention to the advertisements as I was satisfied with my iPad though at the moment, and had no need for the device.One day while at home, my iPad fell out of my hands and was destroyed. I thought maybe to buy a new iPad but then the idea off an iPad 2 came to mind. The iPad 2 was released on March of 2011. I had seen so many commercials and heard so much about it. So the next day I got my little piggy bank, emptied it out and had about $28. Yeah, there was not too much money in my little piggy.I got the rest of the money from my parents, and the next day went to the closest Best Buy and bought a 16GB iPad 2 black tablet for the price of $499.99. I also bought the 1 year accidental protection plan for $99.99, knowing my clumsy hands and bad luck. So I had spent around $600.00 on a single item. So this Apple iPad 2 I had gotten was supposed to be near perfect on the amount of money I had spent on it and way better then my iPad. Now the Apple iPad 2 was 7.3 x 9.5 x 0.3 inches in dimensions. The iPad 2 was really thin and really comfortable to hold.It was also lighter then the iPad, not by too much but still a bit lighter. Now that I told you a little bit about the physical characteristics, let me tell you the new features that make this item unique. Apple doubled the RAM in iPad 2 from around 256MB to 512 MB. This will help process graphics for games and help deliver images faster. The two cameras is also a better feature over the old iPad, one in the front facing you and one in the back. Now these cameras aren't anything special. Their digital effect is just alright and the pictures will not come out too crisp or clear. The cameras do help with video chatting and FaceTime.One of the biggest disappointments I had with my iPad was that it was never available to multi task. The iPad 2 increased RAM allows more applications to be open at once. Now these applications are available in the app store. There are close to 70,000 iPad specific Apps that work on the iPad 2. There are also Google Books, iBook, Nook, Kindle for readers on the iPad 2. I can use all these apps all day long because of the battery life.The iPad 2 battery last over 10 hours constantly on. The need to recharge battery constantly is not necessary. Now as great as the iPad 2 is with all these qualities, every coin has two sides, this applies to iPad 2. There are several things still needing improvement on the iPad 2. There is no USB support for mass storage. There is also still no dedicated SD card slot. For example, if I wanted to put pictures onto the iPad from my camera, I would need an adapter.Another distinguishing flaw in the iPad 2 is the lack of flash support. There are many programs that require the iPad 2 to run on Adobe Flash. The Android tablet on the other hand does allow Flash support. The iPad 2 is a great and impressive tablet that can be purchased in the market today. The iPad 2 is probably the best on the market at the moment. The iPad 2 isn't perfect and the price may be a bit high but if you can afford it, I would recommend it for you.
tablet|I am very pleased with the I pad.I use it all the time for everything.I wish that I had had an I pad sooner.
tablet|I am an online web professional... and I have to say. Using an ipad makes life easy! It allows me, Kerstin Fossen the ability to keep contact with clients at the simple touch of a finger. Having an online business - communication is VERY important. I find the ipad makes this the number one goal for mac products. Ease of Use and Practical use! I give this TWO thumbs up!!! Feel free to contact me with any questions via my website: [...]
tablet|I bought this for my grown daughter for Christmas. It arrived with the plastic on it so I am expecting it to be brand new and hope it will work perfectly. I know she will love it on December 25th. I expect it to be the real ipad 2 and not a fake. Looks good on the outside.
tablet|Love my iPad so far. I went back and forth on whether I should get the 3g I ended up getting only wifi, I haven't missed the 3g yet. My son loves it to.
tablet|This is the best tablet or even a lap top I've ever had love it would highly recommend this to every one
tablet|I cannot express how much I love my iPad! It is great for many different reasons, I could write this review all day. If you purchase, you will not be disappointed, it is well worth the money.
tablet|I like it very much, so much that I tryed to returne it for a 64g Wifi 3g! but never got a respond on how I could go about doing it,I guess because I opened it. but it's vary nice! and the thiness of it makes it easy to fit in my briefcase.
tablet|I've hesitated in buying an iPad for quite a while because I had another device, but when two of my associates purchased the iPad2 I started shopping around and found that amazon.com had the best price. I started using it as a "test" to see if it would meet my needs and soon found out I could do everything I needed right from my iPad, like I'm doing right now. For me, it's a mini- workstation, I can literally run my business from my iPad2 now, it's perfect for when I'm on the road, with the apps you can get for it there's nothing I can't do, it's great!
tablet|I was initially hesitant to order something so costly over the internet but was having a difficult time locating this product using traditional methods, ie, stores etc. Then I reminded myself that I've had great success purchasing from Amazon.com in the past and relized that regardless of the outcome they have my best interests with security etc. as a top priority. The Ipad2 was purchased as a gift for my daughter and she is thrilled beyond belief. Thanks Amazon for making things easier is this crazy world.
tablet|I held out a month or so before making the decision to buy an iPad2 32G model. After a month of frequent use, I must say it is the nearest to perfection piece of technology I have ever owned. For context, my use is casual non-pro reading email, checking out Youtube, reading my favorite websites, and playing games. All of these are better than on a PC, Mac, or Ipod Touch, all of which I have experienced and own. Being a guy in his 50's, I like the ability to read with finger swipes, and adjust the font size to suit my eyes. I like the Flipboard app organization of articles I read. I like the expanding selection of strategy games like Ticket to Ride, Civ, and Knizia's games. I find I prefer using this for email over my Mac, because of speed. I like saving pdf files in a "bookcase." I like Skyping, although my Mac is better at keeping my mug in the shot. I like showing my pix on it's big screen. The battery really does last 10 hours.Since getting this, my usage split has gone to about ~20% Mac Book Air, ~80% iPad.Now, if I could just figure out iMovie to edit my videos...
tablet|I love it. It does everything i hoped it would. i'm so happy this was in stock for me at a reasonable price!!! :D
tablet|I just got my new iPad 2.now i'M going to try to type on the iPad screen. first u can't look away because u can't rest your fingers on the screen-- and even if u could u couldn't feel the keys. it is much like texting on the iPhone. U have to go to the numbers screen to find the " ' " or the numbers. There are no forward or back arrows, so u have to touch the screen where u want the cursor to go.The good part is that the letter is registered immediately when u hit the key-- u don't have to hit it twice to get it to enter the letter.All in all, I think an external keypad is needed so I'm going shopping.
tablet|April 4, 2011 -- Apple Security shot would be robbers of the Chula Vista, CA store, killing one person and severely wounding two others, No iPAds or other Apple equipment was damaged, so Apple investors' earnings and capital are safe.Most people probably would not go to the same extremes as Apple does to protect their iPad's, iPod's, and i-everything else's. But think about WHY you want an iPad-2 or similar device, then compare the convenience and utlility of owning the devices, and Apple's iPad is very hard to beat.The big negative is the high price. Another is no full hardware-level interface for UBS, SD, or Flash/Shockwave/Adobe support -- I can't figure out why not. You can hook several devices into the iPad-2, but in most cases (especially for cameras, SD cards, etc.) you'll need to have at least one physical media adapter. Apple has maintained that Adobe Flash, Showckwave, et.al are obsolete, so they have no plans to support any of it. Time will tell if Apple is correct (if not, then expect another adapter in a year or so).The positives outweigh the negatives however.The size and weight make the iPad-2 extremely easy to carry around, and convenient to use. For now, this IS a major advantage, but 'Moore's Law' about the rate of electronics miniaturization is still 'in effect', so the iPad-2's weight and dimension advantage will be gone within 2 years. By 2013, it's a good bet that all devices will be at elast as light and thin as the iPad-2, and they'll all do 'more stuff, faster' for about the same (or maybe less) money.The iPad-2's camera-system, with 'face-to-face' conferencing potential is more of a theoretical advantage than a real one: it only works well if you and the people with whom you're conferenceing have similar device capability (2 way video) and reliable broad-bandwidth availability. Otherwise, the experience and results are less than thrilling.The iPAD2 RAM memory is double that of the iPAD (512MB), which means faster performance of many graphic-intensive apps, and better responsiveness for users who like to 'multi-task' with several apps running at once.The Application software availaible fo the iPad-2 far exceeds that which is available for most competing devices, both in terms of quantity and quality. This is probably the main reason to get an iPad 2 -- you can just do more stuff (useful, recreationsl, fun, or other) with an iPAD-2, because more people have developed and marketed apps for the iPad/Apple platform than has been the case for anything else. Given the overall state of flux for mobile computing, with platform and operating systems shifting, APPL (with a relatively stable operating platform and system) may be able to maintain its advantage in applications for some time.Worth killing people to own? Don't mess with Apple: if you go into their stores, be sure you have enough money to get out alive. In the mean time, April 2011 seems to be a good month in which to sell AAPL common stock. Legal and other problems appear likely to take a severe toll on the company'e equity valuation.
tablet|TY GET THE iPAD!!!! You want this more than you want the kindle! You know you do! Get the iPad!!!! ;)
tablet|Good new device, including the right work. We were pleased with branded packaging, I think this device will bring me a lot of pleasant moments
tablet|A company survives as it handles the inflow and outflow of its organization.This company handled my order very fast and it was packed perfectly.
tablet|The item is in good shape. I use it by everyday on FaceTime. The item was shipped pretty fast too. To all the customers, Playstation 3 is a good seller.
tablet|The ipad 2 is brand new as described and very good. I like it very much and consdering purchasing Macbook air in the future~
tablet|Best tablets that are period. These are the easiest to maneuver and use. Love this item. Apple has the best products.
tablet|As always I am very happy with the service and quality of all my products bought through Amazon. Very satisfied with the ipad Apple 2.
tablet|Excelent the all new IPAD2, two thumbs up!!! The vendor is also very good, I got the product 24hours after the purchase.
tablet|the product arrived safely, as requested. thanks for your service. everything arrived on time. I hope to have again with good prices.
tablet|This gadget is so addictive. The one I received from Amazon.com was brand new, and came in as advertised. I love it, use it every day and finding out new ways to use it.
tablet|Do you like watching online media that comes from other media distributors and not just pay apple for everything you watch? Would you like to watch videos you already own on a mobile Device without hours of re-encoding to Apples proprietary format for each video you want to watch?Well then don't buy Apple products because they have the same IRON Grip on every one. I own Apple products (luckily I didn't have to buy them all my job did) and I've been sorely disappointed with every one. Apple products have not Flash support, no Java support, and no support for almost any video formats that are not Apple proprietary.If you want a mobile pad that plays almost any video I would suggest the Asus Eee pad both support flash, and both support Java, so that means online streaming sites work, and online flash games work. (two things Apple don't want you to be able to use so you have to get videos and games from them.)Now I can't speak for the Galaxy (though I've heard good things) but the Asus Eee pad is great for video. To watch video on the Asus Eee pad you plug in the pad, it comes up as a drive, you drag your video files to the Asus pad, and then you watch them without having to re-encode. This pad has played every video file I've tried. Be smart get almost anything other than an Ipad, you'll be happier not being told what you can do, and what to buy, that is ALMOST as good as what YOU actually want to do with a product YOU spent money for.And remember don't drink the Apple Kool-aid and don't listen to the brainwashed hype of the Apple sheep who tell you to stay in the heard.
tablet|I bought an iPad 2 and have decided to return it a few days after I bought it. It's still unopened, and I've attempted to contact them twice. Still no reply. I'm giving this a one-star unless this business backs up their end. Otherwise, I would highly discourage you from doing business from this place. Quite the unhappy buyer right now. At this point, I wouldn't trust them as far as you can see. If I hear back from this company, dependingon how they decide to deal with returns to their business, will depend on whether I leave it at one star or bump it up to a business upholding good customer service.
tablet|no jailbreak,no flash, no sideloading of apps, no external memory, large bars when playing hd movies, no good keyboard dock.took it back to the store and got a kindle fire wich at least has flash and sideloading, and is a better aspect ratio for watching movies, its almost the same viewable area for 16:9 movies.
tablet|Apple released one of the most amazing products on March 2 of 2011 called the iPad 2, and it is one of the most innovating and exciting tablets to hit the market. This aluminum body tablet is 9.7 inches weighing 1.3 pounds making it one of the lightest tablets on the market today, also having an A5 dual chip processor and a 720p retina screen display. It comes in three sizes, 16,32 and 64 depending on your downloading and previous photos, videos and music you can choose which one will better suit you. This tablet is a must buy if you're a traveler or you want a cool gadget to play games, listen to music, take photos and view all your social networks. Not to mention its great battery life when your on the go except for when your watching movies. The layout on the device is very structured so if you're a user that has an android phone then you probably wont like the feel that the iPad gives out. If you're an apple fanatic like myself who has all apple products then this will be another great add on to the collection. Working at BestBuy you have the exciting job to know all the truth behind products as well as being able to get them a little early, nevertheless I must say that this was worth the buy. For the average man it will cost you 500 dollars, 543.11 to be exact when you pay NYS tax but like I said it's worth the buy. Launching the iPad was a great idea, with this device you can take notes and organize your daily tasks and if you just want a device to use to play thousands of games (many which are free) then this is a great buy. Personally carrying a MacBook pro to school each and everyday puts a toll on your back, so the iPad is a easier way to have a device which can do most of the things your computer can do, it is called an accessory to a MacBook Personally this has to be one of greatest products out there I remember when I first bought it and synced it using iCloud to my other apple devices. Apple has always had a classy start up screen, so all you see in BOLD letters is "Welcome" following "IPAD 2" in an artistic but simple manner. I take it with me to school every time so I can take my notes and search the web, not to mention going on twitter or Facebook while class isn't in session. Its your everyday "Big cellphone" you cant help but take pictures on it, or add music it to and buy dozens of cases as if it were on of your new cellphones. The only thing that might bother a user is that it doesn't support Adobe Flash player. Many people can't stand that because they love to watch movies and video clips and the iPad doesn't support it, that is the biggest upset with the iPad. With the iPad you have the option of accessing the Internet via Wi-Fi or threw a hotspot, which is convenient for the user making it easy to tap into the World Wide Web. Overall if this device is in your budget you should get one, preferably a black one, the white one gets pretty dirty (I have one). If you are buying the iPad make sure you also include a protection plan because if you accidently drop it (since your going to be having a world of fun) the screen will crack, it is made up of glass. Enjoy!
tablet|Don't get me wrong. I really like the iPad and most iProducts. We own 4 iPods of different vintages and models. The current nano is like magic. (see Clarke's Law). I just don't like Apple and their holier than thou and more superior than thou attitude about their products and operating systems. Our household just got an iPad against my better judgement. Seems one of us drank the Koolaide. And as I suspected that person was in for a rude awakening when it came to making the iPad work and play well with others (the rest of the world that is android and windows based) and don't get me started about not supporting Flash. So if all your friends and family are using iPhones and iPads you will have no problem communicating with them ( well not really) . Apple has a chip on their shoulder about not invented here. They have proprietary apps and programs that only work and play well with same ( AirPrint, FaceTime, etc) . Brother for instance makes one of the most popular and economical mono laser printers in he world and AirPrint does not work with it. You have to buy an app to be able to print from iPad to Brother products. Fail. Speaking of buying things, you will have to buy the smart cover and you will probably want the back smart cover and an a longer power cord and then a carrying case. Also with all things" I " you cannot add memory, no sd card slot but that's ok you can store things in the cloud. I don't want to store things in the cloud. Clouds invariably blow away or want to charge you rent. There's a lot of things to like and a lot of things not to like about the iPad as with any tablet I have seen. You are paying a premium over the competition to join this club and the iPad is just not as tricked out with ports and interfaces to the real world as I would like. Works well and makes users happy so there is somerthing to be said for that. Can't imagine someone not being happy being given one as a gift.
tablet|Great product, would be lost without it. It basically replaces a laptop at a fraction of the cost and is really simple to us. Great seller as well, I had it the next day.
tablet|Love at first sight! I've abandoned my Laptop. This IPad is with me everywhere. This product was purchased through Amazon.
tablet|The IPad 2 is a wonderful gadget. The WiFi only 64Gb version sells for $699 on the Apple website. I'm totally puzzled by seeing them for sale on Amazon and Ebay for MORE than the Apple retail price.
tablet|
tablet|it is a great item that can be enjoyed just about anywhere. The problem with the ipad2 is it doesn't support FLASH. Steve Jobs has this problem with flash and won't let it be used on the iPad. Well, Steve should get over it, concentrate on himself and Apple should provide services that customers want. I can not Downlod many email messages because the attachments are in flash. I did not know this when I bought it. It should be very clearly posted in the store and on the the box.Had i knows this I would have purchased the XOOM.THINK ABOUT THIS BEFORE YOU BUY BECAUSE IT IS FRUSTRATING.
tablet|Great tablet all around except for the minor detail that it has MAJOR wifi connectivity issues. It cuts out about 1 every 2 minutes, making the thing nearly worthless when doing anything online (which, for me, is about 70% of the time). What's the point? Apple claims this is a minor issue affecting only some users, but if you go on their support pages or google the issue, it is clear this is a very wide-spread problem.
tablet|I bought the white 16GB ipad during the black friday deals on the apple page, for around 450 plus tax, so hardly cheaper than on Amazon now.I did buy this for my parents, based on reviews. All reviews agree on the following: 1) the ipad is still the best tablet around and 2) it is the easiest to use. Well, both statements are wrong. Since so much has been said already on the ipad let me get straight to the issues:- Being an android user (phone-wise) I got so used to the back button. On the ipad there is no such thing. If you push home, you get straight to home screen. If you want to go back one stap within an app, touch the screen and search and search for "back" on the screen. It is very inefficient. Also when installing multiple apps from the market you have to go back and forth several times.- The screen resolution is too low. Webpages do not look as good as on other tablets. While 4:3 format makes some sense, given that you use it also in portrait, the low resolution looks just outdated. Ok, I knew that before, but I did not expect it to be as disturbing.- Google. Apple fights its war with google to the disadvantage of consumers. No Picasa integration! Seriously, this is just poitics! They want to take control over you, so you are not supposed to use google sevices. You will also miss other google apps if you know android.- No official google talk! Say goodbye to you android using friends.- Amazon. They had to circumvent Apples policy using a web app for their services. Just because they want to force you into itunes. Once you are in itunes, you are forced into buying apple products forever. Why give up the freedom of choice? Lets say apple products were getting worse and in 5 years all your money is in itunes items. Do you want that? Hell, no. If you buy music with Amazon you remain independent of the hardware provider at least. The ipad is a mere retail channel (like the kindle fire, only more expensive). It does not give you freedom like galaxy tab.- USB. No real port. Ok, buy the adapter. 30 bucks. Find out it serves only 20mah. So it is not USB, as it is not following the standard which 100. It is disfunctional! You need workarounds.- The whole device is about workarounds. Apps. Paid apps! Apple earns on programms that give you DLNA, THE STANDARD to stream movies to your tv. Or they earn on making you buy the apple tv box. But Apple just ignores and established standard.- Antitrust, where are you? Microsoft would have been sued to death for what apple is doing here!!!- File access. Forget it. This is again about workarounds. Dropbox etc. Well, but I wanted this for my parents. Supposed to be easy, but IT IS NOT. It is f difficult to find all the f workarounds. To start actually working with this.Conclusion. Decent pad to surf with nonflash browser. Bound to apple channels for buying digital stuff, basically a retail access you are paying for. Imagine paying your supermarket just for being there. Everything else is disfunctional, not following standards, locking you in, making you search for workarounds and thereby stealing your time. It is NOT EASY to use, compared with android.Get something else. Not the ipad.
tablet|Honestly i feel like i got duped into buying the iPad 2 (I2). I loved the original iPad and felt Apple was really going to knock my socks off (and the onslaught of Android tablets) with it's new and improved tablet. To say the least i was completely underwhelmed.The cameras may as well not even be there! The quality is aweful on both the front and the back. Apple made up for this by putting facetime software that is extremely sluggish on the I2! The main reason i got the I2 was to communicate with my wife and kids on facetime on her iPhone...The new design (although impossibly thin and light) is very difficult to hold. The edges are kinda pointed and its thinness leaves me feeling like it's going to slip out of my hands. The original I pad was one of the most ergonomically friendly devices ever made.The performance (processor) isn't even noticeably different than the original. Don't try to comment and tell me "well, the clock speed is actually blah, blah, blah..." garbag! When I put it next to my wife's original and we load up the same apps and webpages its hardly different and in most cases no different. My wife laughed hard at me when i waiting ALL day for this dissapointing "upgraded tablet" and laughed even harder when hers performs just the same!It's frustrating when you realize your favorite company hyped an inferior product this way. I'll NEVER walk away from Apple cause their quality is second to NONE. However, Apple lost this customer for good on tablets. I sold mine four days ago and got a Xoom WiFi and haven't put it down since.
tablet|
tablet|My purchace was made in mid November and I keep getting told it was shipped and was suppose to be at the location by 3rd week of November. Here it is December 19th and the purchase has still not arrived and no one can tell me anything even though my credt card has been charged well over a month...
tablet|Have ipad 1 and will probably get the ipad 2 but seriously, who would pay a 1000$ or more when you can just wait a BIT and get it at bestbuy or Walmart for 820$? kudos to the profiteers if they can get people to pay double this, but for anyone that pays this, id say "a fool and his money are soon parted"
tablet|I haven't given this yet since this this is a Christmas gift and I am sure she will love it!
tablet|This product is as described. When the order was placed, I was told an arrival date. It came a few days before!!! Perfect and exactly what I wanted. Fast and reliable service!!!
tablet|I love the iPad that I received from what I can tell there was nothing wrong with it and it was in good condition.
tablet|Love the IPAD, arrived on time and in great shape. I am still learning more and more about the IPAD and all ther apps etc. Am so looking forward to using it in my coaching.
tablet|My first iPad. Sad it could not be made in USA. The first one malfunctioned in less than 4 hours (sticky home button). Seller was very helpful and offered an exchange. Apple store wanted to give me a refurbished one right away. I purchased AppleCare extended warranty and support and Apple express shipped a replacement. YOU MUST BUY APPLECARE FOR THIS, so increase your purchase price by $80. The iPad is light and fast, has good battery life.CONS does not do Flash, hey Apple, GET OVER IT! I cannot find a browser yet that supports ActiveX and emulates IE so I cannot remote to my work desktop.Overall, a very light, fast and fun $900 TOY, not for serious productive work. Such a pity.
tablet|I bought the Ipad 2. Loved it until I realized that it doesn't support flash. The battery runs low fairly fast even with all programs closed. You need an app to run anything on this thing.
tablet|I take this tablet everywhere with me. This is my preferred tablet to forget in the University Bookstore. I can not recommend it enough.
tablet|EXCELENTE 100% RECOMENDADO, NO ES LO UNICO QUE HE COMPRADO EN AMAZON, CONSIDERO UNA EXCELENTE EMPRESA. EL ARTICULO COMPRADO LO RECIBIMOS PERFECTAMENTE.
tablet|It is a very easy to use and handy product. The wireless connection is sometimes a problem as it doesn't seem to connect to previously known networks. I seem to have to disconnect and then try again to make it connect.
tablet|I am beginning to lose all respect for Apple. The file transfer system on the iPad is a joke. They want to make it as inconvenient as possible to transfer files from a PC (or anything else) to it. Apple wants you to use iTunes, of all things, to transfer files. This from a company that invented Drag n Drop. They also don't want to support Adobe's flash player. So once again the customer suffers.By the way, Apple should treat it's workers with a lot more respect. When workers start jumping off tall buildings, maybe you could give them a short break.
tablet|I bought an Ipad 2 32 gig version before coming to college in hopes of using it as an ereader. It was absolutely amazing for about the first hour that I used it. However, once the novelty of it has worn off it isn't extremely useful. I was only able to find two of my textbooks available as an ebook so I only saved about $50. Taking into consideration that I paid $600 for it, I most likely will not be able to save any money like I was initially hoping. Though the Ipad is a fun toy to have around, the apps for it are pretty fun, and it has internet browsing capabilities, it only has about 80% of the utility of using a computer. For this reason I find myself never really using it for anything and I plan to sell mine before next semester.
tablet|If you already have a number of Apps and plan on buying more consider something else? Any purchases you make at the Apple Store are forever linked to your ID and password used at the time of purchase.So if you buy a new system and/or want to change your e-mail address and passwords you will still have to use the old addresses and passwords in order to maintain or upgrade your Apps. Some of my Apps werefree, others were 99 cents and some over $45.00. Apple would not care. You would have to enter all the old e-mail addresses and passwords separately. After nearly 4 hours on the phone Apple suggested that Icould buy the same Apps again?Norm Clark
tablet|This it a big disappointment. After you spend $700 you then have to go out and buy third party books to figure out how to begin to use the thing. Or spend boucoup bucks on Apple care so you can use the thing.'ll stick to Asus from here on out. If you purchase their product from stores other than Best Buy, you can get two years free 24/7 tech support AND accidental damage protection included in the price of the product. They don't advertise the second year except in their warranty registration paperwork, but those of us who've bought ASUS before know about it.iPad is cute, but not worth the money. Even with the maximum memory, I don't find it powerful enough to work on ancestry.com with it, and that's the primary reason we got it.I'm not impressed with Apple products in general. Their itunes is garbage. My son has the top of the line imac (i7 version) and it's a pretty piece of useless sculpture. Should have known better than to waste money on an ipad.
tablet|I am writing this review from my HP Touchpad. I bought my husband the IPad 2 for a Christmas present, gave it to him early [1 week early], so it could be up and running for Xmas day. Well it will not print to our network that has an HP 4600dnt LaserJet printer, bummer. I have spent about 3 hours trying to figure out different apps to make it work. Fortunately he is not at this time a hard core tech, not even a small time one and might not really need to print anything, just play games. I have tried to figure out Air Print and it looks like it will only work with newer printers that have the program installed, so just be aware.Lot of money and appears to be better, easier up start products on the market. I think some Apple people are just so use to apple products and just don't know there are other quality, products that operate the same that are maybe half to 3/4's of the cost. It took me an hour just to figure out how to get a desktop on the Ipad. I had to hook up the Ipad to my pc then go to a website to download, I have never had to do that with any other product that wasn't an Apple product.Hopefully this helps someone that is on the fence with an Apple product.Update 12-26-2011. Well I have been every forum everywhere and have got just a load of info and wonderful people with lots of suggestions and man, this apple stuff is tough on compatibility even within it's own community. I have never cared for Apple products and nothing has changed.Thanks to all who have tried to help, just glad this belongs to my husband, who just wants to play games and see his racing forms.
tablet|I am totally happy with my ipad!! Its a winderfull product for a student like me! I definitely recommend it!
tablet|the ipad 2 is cool. if you have an iphone 4 and want to get an ipad 2, go ahead, or thinking about a macbook air. go with the mackook air, but this review is about the ipad 2. I like the touch screen. cool. better than the iphone 4g.
tablet|Is an excellent gadget for de office people, administrator places, or just to entreteiment. It's like a big iPhone so if you alredy have one an iPad could be less useful.
tablet|helloi am from saudi arabia and our 3 communications companies are using (UMTS/HSDPA/HSUPA and GSM/EDGE) with the same frequncies of AT&Tcan i use their IPAD2 in my contry??i wish that i can get an answerthank you
tablet|I just got the IPad 2! I am so glad that I waited for this version to come out. I love the built in Wi-Fi and this slender model. Not to mention all the wonderful Apps that I have downloaded to my new baby! The sad thing is that I have packed my Mac Book away....okay not really. I love Apple!
tablet|There's NO WAY I'd spend $500-600 on a tablet that does NOT have ADOBE FLASH and thereby can NOT get much of the content that's on the internet.Also, being restricted to having to use ITunes for everything makes the IPad far to dependent on my laptop.The SAMSUNG GALAXY 10.1 Tablet DOES have ADOBE FLASH which gives MORE access to internet content, and it's NOT dependent on an "ITunes" type set-up for everything... Ahhh!.. FREEDOM!!The SAMSUNG GALAXY 10.1 is now the BEST most functional tablet on the market.NO THANK YOU to having NO Adobe Flash with an IPad... I've already been down that road with an IPod Touch.. It SUX!!I'm buying the Samsung Galaxy 10.1 with NO regrets!.
tablet|I received Ipad 2 as a gift. I already own an Imac, a Macbook and an Ipod. Points to consider:- I thought I'd put my digital pics on the Ipad, but there is no port, so I can't hook my camera up to it.- The picture quality of pictures taken with the Ipad was TERRIBLE.-I would love to have internet access anywhere but the Ipad is too bulky to carry around (and do I really want 24/7 access to email and internet anyway?).-Watching a movie is uncomfortable, as I'd have to hold the Ipod in my hand in order to see the screen well enough. -No need to have Itunes on the Ipad as I can't exactly jog with it and the speakers are WEAK.-The keyboard was surprisingly easy to use, but not as fast a a regular.- I'd have to buy a case, a stand, and a screen protector if I wanted to carry it around regularly.-I realize a lot of these issues could be solved in one way or another, but I just don't have the time to figure it all out. I am quite happy sitting with my Macbook, with a keyboard, a cd/dvd disk drive, a an firewire and usb port! I would not suggest the Ipad, especially if you already own other Mac products.
tablet|I just acquired the Ipad 2. I'm a veteran who is a professional artist and student attending college.My VA counselor chose it for me because she thought it would be beneficial for me to show my work on to potential employers.I read a few reviews on it before hand, and I was already not thrilled about the non-USB support.After I opened everything up, I noticed there was no quick installation guide or anything telling me what goes with what and so forth. I'm more of a PC person, and my knowledge of Macs are basic, but I was able to figure things out.The apps that they say are free, are not really free. They ask for your credit card number at the app store.About all I can do with this thing is load my pics and music on it. It doesn't even come with a head phone jack.It does not recognize the Blue toothe wireless keyboard that came with it.All the content that you load must be loaded through Itunes.There is also no Flash support. I don't like the virtual keyboard.If I want to browse the Internet, and use email, I prefer to use my laptop.Although my laptop is much heavier, I see no real replacement for it when it comes to showing off my work on the spot. I am actually more impressed with the Kindle Tablet than I am with the Ipad2.In my opinion, the Ipad2 is cool for the average person, but for a professional artist like myself, its pretty lame.I need a device that I can load my motion graphic, video/film, and animation clips to, and be PDF compatible.I'm really disappointed with this product, as it does not meet my personal or professional needs.
tablet|I got my iPad2 last weekend. I had ordered one from apple.com. I had to wait for close to 4 weeks. I didn't have an iPad before. It felt heavy for me to hold with one hand as an e-book reader(which was my primary motivation). After using the iPhone4(and a very happy user, I must say) with retina display, I found the display not very crisp and somewhat underwhelming.Some of the iphone apps have different look and feel on the iPad2, gmail for instance. Overall, I was satisfied, till yesterday.It fell from 2 feet from my son's hand on to the concrete garage floor, and the glass shattered. the Ipad2 works fine, it has a cracked screen. The touch functionality works, even over the cracked screen(an engineering marvel!)I called apple support today, and they want $269 to replace the screen, that is more than 50 percent of the product. An outrageous amount! Now I am stuck with this magical device!How can they design such a fragile portable computer. Get some industrial grade aluminum with a cushion for the front. This glassware is no iPhone. Handle with extreme care!
tablet|I love my ipad. I am working in my bed with iPad. I am an apple custmer now and texting
tablet|i use this item for reading, using applications, and web browsing, i really enjoy my purchase and can't wait for more books to read on it!
tablet|After a horrifying experience with a different vendor for this product, It was gratifying to have my IPAD2 arrive as described (NEW) and in a very timely fashion. No calls to customer service needed. I would buy from this vendor the next time I shop.
tablet|Um, can anyone please explain why this is selling for over $900? I can go downtown to the Apple store and buy the same one for $829.P.S. I so can't wait for the iPad3 to come out!
tablet|I didn't purchase my Ipad from Amazon. I thought I add a review. I am not too computer savvy, the reason I purchased an IPad is for simple Internet use and watching shows and movies and going through my emails so far I can barely order on Amazon or open my emails. it does not support flash so not everything opens. also I have a hard time copying and pasting. It does not copy and if it does it's 50/50 chance of it working. My kid has a tablet kindle and it does a lot more than the IPad. I heard there's ways of fixing problem by purchasing Apps etc. I am still unhappy and I want my money back. My laptop is a better bargain.
tablet|This is perhaps the biggest "trendy" waste of time and money yet. I, like a lot of other sheep, went out and quickly spent about $650 on this thing. Then I was told by Apple,for an additional $150 I could get two years worth of technical support which I gladly gave up. What they did not tell me was that I would have to be on a complete LEARNING CURVE( which they did not even understand themselves!) to use this product. First, let me say, don't waste your money on any Apple technical support gimmicks. I had some valuable notes stored on my Ipad 2 to do a convention with about three days before this happened. I went to Apple technical support because my e-mail did not work on my Ipad 2.Then they instructed me on how to delete my notes and "wake up my e-mail". I said, "won't I lose all my notes?" She said "No, one has nothing to do with the other". My response was "Are you sure? I really need these notes for my speaking engagement at the convention". She said "No way you'll lose anything. Trust me". What she should have said is: "I'm an Apple tech support person, who gets paid by the hour, and it's no skin off my nose if you lose your notes or not!". And that's exactly what happened. As per her instruction....I lost all of them. I was devastated. I had to spend days,scrambling to recovering at lease some of my lost notes. I will never get back what I lost...ever. I didn't know that everything on an Ipad 2 had had to be backed up to a REAL COMPUTER(notice I said: REAL COMPUTER). I was never told this. Now, that there have been so many failures and complaints about this product I understand they've created a thing called "cloud", which does the same thing....backs up your files. You will do better to buy a smaller version of a laptop and don't fall for the nonsense,like I did, that this is a great buy.....because it's not.Wondering if my e-mail was ever fixed? After spending six hours on the phone with Apple and completely losing my notes and going through the process to "restart" my e-mail 6 times..... guess what? It still doesn't work!!! If Apple tech support is the standard for which other companies should model themselves,then we have NO STANDARD. I feel very ripped off.
tablet|My IPad2 probably has the worst operating system I have ever seen. I wonder at how something so weak could be so popular. I now see why there are so many Apps available that use work-around methods to try to make up for the lack of a more complete system.I bought an Apple II in the early `80s and soon had to learn to use workaround routines to produce acceptable results. When the IBM PC became available I bought one and discovered what a well-executed operating system was like. I used Microsoft DOS for 8 years before changing to Windows 3.1 which was slowly developed into the present Windows 7 version.It looks like Apple is repeating the same cycle with the IPAD2. The system is so restrictive it limits any chance of even limited productivity. If you're only interested in playing games, email or rather poor quality photo images and video then you'll probably like the Ipad2. I will admit it's very stylish which is probably a big help with sales but you can't tell a book by its cover. I might suggest talking to someone who has one to see how satisfied they are with the product and how they actually use it. It's a more of a toy of very limited use than something really practical.
tablet|I bought an Apple iPad 2 from UK 3 months back.At the time of sale, Apple doesn't mention a very important and critical maintenance aspect of few of its products that is, they do not have a part levelreplacement policy.This I have come to know after contacting the Apple india support. The head supervisor there confirmed that the policy and design of Apple is such that itleaves no options with the customer, but to re-buy another piece even if the touch screen is cracked.In my case, the screen got cracked due to keeping the iPad under my pillow after my night time reading. They requested me to send the picutures of the cracksand said that the cracks are due to external pressure and hence do not come under warranty, leaving me with no other option but to not use the Apple iPadanymore due to safety reasons. I am left only with this option because I dont want to buy another same product in its replacement. I can as well buy similarproduct from other company's offering.I even offered to give back the product and give me atleast some money. But they said that Apple doesn't have repurchase policy in India.In addition, the other known Apple issues like unable to play videos ( due to non compatibility of flash player), low sound, no external ports provided likeHDMI, USB etc. The maintenance is also a rip-off. Please note that you will have to buy seperate Apple accessories if you desire to have ports to connectwith other non-Apple devices. Even the sound is low to inspire customer to buy external speakers.The intersting thing is that other similar products inmarket have these things built in.Having burnt my hands after buying my first "Apple" product, I have decided not to buy any future Apple products and highly recommend not to waste so much of anybody's hard earned money to buy such a product. I only wish I had this piece of advice before....
tablet|Extremely flimsy. Display is lack luster. Apps that one can receive free on an android, you have to pay for via the app store. Returned mine (took 2 hours) and bought the Samsung Tab 10.1 instead. Im much happier with the android tab.
tablet|We bought the I Pad2 from a big box warehouse store. The sales person owned one and loved it. She demonstrated it convincingly. Our experience has been different. It is difficult to operate. First it is hard to get acquainted with. Few instructions come with it. One has to find the information on line. It is a lengthy PDF file that is not user friendly. One needs to read through it carefully. It took a while to find the on switch. When it opened there were no apps on the screen. With no information it took several minutes to learn by trial and error how to slide the screen to find them. Synchronizing with one's computer is not explained except in several different sections of the instructions. Getting connected to a wifi router is another mystery to be solved. There are thousands of "free" apps that turn out to be advertisements to buy what you really hoped for in the download. Books are difficult to down load and don't appear on one's bookshelf but are in various locations. Paper books are more appealing now. I can share a paper book. Though it costs more it gets more value out of it. The "10 hours" of running time is really 10 hours unplugged. Over all it is frustrating to use and not worth the price.
tablet|If your looking for a tablet and have an iphone, you might want to skip this. This is just an oversized iphone/ipod that is 9.7 inches. I think its great, nice design, and fast duel core processer. If your friends are just begging for you to buy an ipad, go ahead and buy it. But if you really want a nice tablet, I would recommend a samsung galaxy tab 10.1 [Which is personally my favorite android tablet on the market], asus transformer prime, acer iconia a500, or the HP touchpad. In all, im just not an apple fanboy.
tablet|I got this in June and loved it...for a while. This is one of those things that is WAY overrated just because it has an apple on the back. It isn't all that great. You could get a good Android tablet for half the price of this. Even if you simply MUST have Apple products in your home, don't get this. iPod Touch is the same thing but smaller, and iPhone 4 is the same thing except for the ability to call, text, and having a smaller screen, which isn't that much of a disadvantage. If you're gullible enough to still want an iPad 2, at least get the 3G model...maybe that's where I went wrong. I only gave the thing three stars because others might have completely different opinions than I do.
tablet|The Ipad2 is a great device but the same model is much cheaper elsewhere. This same exact 16 gig wifi sells for about $150 less at places like Best Buy and Apple's own website.
tablet|the ipad in ? was defective seller refuse to issue a refund, I had to spend time and gas to take Ipad to my nearest apple store for a replacement, Battery was defective so after all my expenses was not worth the money i paid this seller, Beware of the return policy of this seller, they will mark-up the restocking fee and you have to pay for your return shipment,
tablet|First of all I'm not an Apple User, I prefer Android, but i got this for my wife, its very simple to use. Perfect for a computer illiterate!
tablet|If I had to do it again, I'd just buy a laptop, these touchpad computers are not that great, especially the Apple which is a closed box. I'd go for the new Samsung if I was to buy another which I am not. Basically a big Ipod.
tablet|No Flash Player means I have'nt been able to download 50% of videos I have tried to. Apple, come to terms with Adobe!
tablet|The IPad2 does a good job of accessing internet and for reading books. It is quick and has a high quality visual display. The issues are that it has no Flash Player, which accounts for about 20% of the internet content I wish to view and thus must access with my PC, and it does not work well to develop, or modify documents and spreadsheets. High priced for a quick web viewer that only works 80% of the time!
tablet|It's an apple product so I was forced by the mass demand to buy one and get acquainted with it. I used it for a couple of hours and then gave it to a co-worker get acquainted with. They looked at it for one hour and didn't like it either.
tablet|This Ipad is the best thing since mankind was invented. It will change the computing paradigm as we know it. Intuitive, fast, complete, long batter life - exactly as offered!
tablet|Dear sir i just want to inform you that I don't received my item yet. its apple ipad2 mc980ll/a tablet 32gb .wifi, white newest model
tablet|I recieved the tablet after 4 day from purchasing and it was perfect but i was shocked when i relized it's cheaper here ofcourse this is my problem. Anyway thank you.
tablet|The product itself is excellent, but if you order from this seller be sure to ensure that you receive the correct product! I ordered and paid for an AT&T 3G model with WiFi, thinking I would primarily use it on WiFi and then activate the 3G when needed. Then I went on vacation a few months later and tried to activate the 3G only to discover that the iPad I received was only a WiFi model. When I contacted the seller they said they couldn't even find the serial number in their records and were of little assistance. It was like buying a car with heated seats in the summer, then in the winter you discover the heated seats aren't in the car. Very frustrating. I have subsequently learned that you can tell the difference in a 3G model by the black antenna across the rear of the device. Be sure to verify that you receive the correct model as soon as you receive the product!
tablet|Beware, the iPad 2 is a very expensive toy. You can use it normally, and suddenly, does not work. Turn off itself and you are not able to turn it on again, all starts with the screen that seems to stuck. I tried to restore from iTunes, update to last iOS and nothing work. iPad 2 is a deffective piece of garbage!!!!
tablet|I purchased this product and never received it but was told that it was shipped & it was charged to my account. Do not buy from this company....
tablet|I found it to be less mobile than a smart phone and less useful than a netbook. It was fun to play with for a few weeks but now I never use it.
tablet|iPad2 might be useful while on the go, however I find it has limited utility and is not worth the price with almost all functionailities being available in good smartphones these days.
tablet|"WE SHIP TECH" is a great reliable company. I ordered the iPad2 late 3/30 @ 10:50pm and received the iPad2 4/1. When I wrote an email to them on the 3/31 they responded in about 20 min max. It's so hard to find great customer service and not get scammed these days that "We Ship Tech" is a breath of fresh air!! I would surely use them again and highly recommend them to anyone who expects great products & service. Thank you We Ship Tech!!!!!
tablet|After suffering with the iPad for several month, I finally got a real tablet - the Acer A500 Android tablet. The iPad is primitive and awkward in comparison. Major failings of the iPad.- Requires tether to a PC. Seriously, just like its 1999.- Very slow- Awkward web browser. Not even any tabs.- "multitasking" only in marketing. It doesn't actually work- Requires daily reboot to update apps, and prevent slowdowns (very little memory)- Really just a big ipod touch with bigger apps- 4:3 prevents watching HD movies in HD- Frequent app crashes- Poor wifi - slow and frequent loss of connectionAnd the list goes on...
tablet|I did not know that it had no usb and sd memory when I bought it. I stupidly did not check it and now I am really disappointed.
tablet|I can't believe that Flash is not on it.No USB port.Needs to be improved.Wish I had compared against other versions.
tablet|Boy, am I ever glad I updated my iPad1 to IOS 5. Not only did Apple lose my backup during the update (causing me to restore the whole "system" from scratch), but now it runs EVEN SLOWER than the last iOS 4 update. Hasn't anyone else noticed this?When I updated it to iOS 5, I said to myself, "If iOS 5 runs even slower or causes any other problems, I'm going to throw this thing out the window. Well, not going to do this, but I'm REALLY going to recommend AGAINST the iPAD to anyone interested in getting one. Can't take iPad or iPod seriously--even for music since I'm still trying to fit all the music I had on the iPad before which I can't fit now, after restore. And I can't put music on my iPad OR iPod Touch which resides on an external flash drive, which iTunes CAN play, but my iPad and iPod Touch cannot. And iTunes syncing is all screwed up. Choose the wrong option and IT WILL DELETE all your music, apps, photos, etc. NOT like it used to BE. ;...(AND...I hate touch screens. Ironically, you CAN'T touch them. (As MC Hammer once sung, "Can't touch this.") Any slight brush with a stray finger makes it do something you don't want it to do.AND it doesn't run FLASH (Apple doesn't allow it), so I can't watch FLASH-based videos or see anyone type of FLASH-based web content on an iPad.No more iPads, no more iPods (we have 2 iPads and several iPods) and no more updates (unless totally desperate)! What's happening to APPLE?
tablet|The iPad 2 is a very bad investment. It is very heavy compared to other products in the market. It is also so much more expensive. You can buy 2 similar products from different companies for the price of one iPad. It also has a shorter battery life than other products like the Kindle Fire HD.
tablet|This was a present for my mother's birthday. The plan was she would take it to her vacation abroad. Unfortunately, the device could not be turned on. On the last minute, we had to go and get it repaired, and it turned out to be a known problem. It's working fine now, but she only has it for a week, and I wonder what will go wrong next....
tablet|The iPad yeah I bought one. I tried the android smartphones too... Didn't like them. Tried the Apple for two weeks and I am ready to sell it.Get a good grip on it right out of the box... It is very slippery to hold/easy to drop.You need an adapter to use it with ANYTHING external. SD Cards... need an adapter. USB devices... need an adapter and they better not pull to much power or you will get an error. Apple operating system for a windows user it is a nightmare! I like to sit down with something and figure it out. I'm not much on reading manuals. I want to pick it up and use it. FORGET that with an iPad! I had to ask questions for almost everything. How about UNDO command... On Windows just click the command. Apple... SHAKE THE iPad and the command will pop up (unless you dropped the iPad!).I don't know which came first the iPad or the Android but they are very much alike and I am very frustrated with both.So the iPad gets Sold and I bought a Windows 7 netbook instead.Either I am too smart for iPad/Android or too dumb.Okay I am cured. I am no longer looking at Apple and wondering what the big deal is... There is none!Hope this was helpful.Blessings,John 20:29
tablet|While I was viewing the iPad, I attempted to get advice from the seller/ Amazon regarding te type of device needed for use in South Africa. The options given were eith Verizon compatible or another network----there was no option pertaining to using a 3G card or sim card in countries other than the USA.I mistakenly ordered the Verizon compatible iPad and then immediately tried to cancel the order. In less than one minute, I was told that the order had been shipped and could not be changed.I now have an iPad which as cost over $800.00 which I cannot use in South Africa.I am an extremely good Amazon customer but am very disillusioned but the service and availability of advice when making a major purchase.It is neither cheap nor is it value for money
tablet|I give this a one star for customer service. Apple didn't even get to first base with me. I ordered an iPad2. Gift for my wife. After ordering and getting my email confirmation I noticed that the engraving was wrong. I called customer support with a simple request to change the engraving. Bear in mind only 10 minutes has passed since I ordered and called CS. Their response, too bad so sad. I said it's only been 10 minutes, they said sorry they really get these out fast. I responded that they need to tell their engravers to slow down! Anyway, I tried to cancel, again too bad so sad, you'll have to go through the return process. IF APPLE CANT TAKE CARE OF THIS SIMPLE PROBLEM FOR A NEW CUSTOMER, it stands to reason they won't back their product and the CS is worthless. Can't wait to get my ipad so I can return it and to never return. So beware, I'm sure this is a great product but don't expect any thanks or CS from Apple.
tablet|I'm a college student with a laptop and I was lent this for a semester. The Ipad is pretty much useless if you have a laptop or a desktop... So unless you want to look cool in front of other I would suggest not getting an Ipad or even invest in a good computer. I would say the games are fun but that's pretty much it.
tablet|I wanted to return this item and company was giving me a hard time about it. Still haven't been able to return this item and get a credit to may account and it's been at less a month.
tablet|Horrible, glossy screen kills my eyes. I cannot believe anyone would want to buy this piece of junk, too many apple fan boys around the world? It's almost a religious experience walking into an apple store
tablet|Okay, so I am sort of known for reviews that are true and up to the point. I'm not going to treat the iPad as some sort of godlike creation, I am going to give the most straight review I can: the iPad isn't that great.Heres the things I will go into detail about: First of all,its got graphic capabilities that are about halfway to Playstation PSP and Nintendo DS, so its game's are pretty,but they aren't anything to get excited about.Next up, its App market is great. But the problem with it...well, I'll get to that.The hardware itself.. that's where i got a bone to pick.It slipped out of my hands one day and it hit my tile floor,and the screen cracked. And the same thing happened to my friend: but his was in a protective case. These things are fragile, which makes me wonder why anyone would trust these things to a kid under 5.Speaking of fragile,ive dropped the ipad on -carpet- before and the video output on the screen turned green and well.. broken. If you want to see this for yourself: Google "iPad Green screen problem".Finally, I bet you are wondering: What about those apps I bought? My ipad still sounds usuable,so I still use them,right?Well, yes,and no. The thing is when I dropped my iPad,I was -moving- it. I still use all my apps,but the only good ones i got from it were universal: So when I say i'm using them,I mean on my iPhone.So,to bring it all back home: Its just an overpriced piece of technology that you probably will stop using after 6 months, give or take how much you have to pour into it to find uses for it.
tablet|What a stupid idea when Apple need you to download itune and sync it with the device before you can use it? It should work just like an iphone out of the box. I have nothing against itune, but the support on window systems really sucks and upgrade it is a nightmare, with bulky download. In this new device centric + cloud computing world, what a stupid idea when you need to sync your device with a dumb PC?? Totally brain dead
tablet|A VERY GOOD ITEM. A VERY GOOD ITEM A . A VERY GOOD ITEM B . A VERY GOOD ITEM C . A VERY GOOD ITEM. A VERY GOOD ITEM. A VERY GOOD ITEM.
tablet|My order of this item has just been canclled without any notification and explaination.Is this an special issue? I am really disappointed about this! Hope it never happen again.
tablet|I LOVE IT! IF YOU ARE LOOKING AT AN E-BOOK READER OR DEBATING ON BUYING A NOOK, DON'T BUY THIS!
tablet|Although the product title says "IPAD - Newest Model" if you look at the tech specs this is not the newest ipad that was announced March 7th.Buyer Beware.
tablet|I would have like to have know that Alex1000 does not intend on sending the items you purchase from him.
tablet|I bought this and I when I got it in the mail I realized it was an apple product. Don't buy.
tablet|Was disappointed to learn, post purchase, that the device was not new and had been originally purchased by another individual. As such, the 90-day Apple warranty is no longer in effect. I found nothing in the original ad nor subsequent documentation so indicating.
tablet|Hi,I can't really provide a product review, since I bought the ipad 2 on 5/11 as a graduation gift. I did want to mention that I simply went to the Apple store in Freehold, NJ, and bought the device for $729 immediately without any problems. Its the 32gb 3g Verizon config. No reason to pay any premium. Enjoy!!
tablet|I tried to hook the IPAD up to my wireless network. It failed 4 times. I checked the password and tried again. It failed another 4 times. I had a friend use his smartphone (not an IPhone) to connect to my wireless network and within a minute he was in. So the only conclusion is that apple does not deal well with difficult passwords. This is another reason why apple is all flash and no substance. I will buy an Android tablet.
tablet|My order was an Ipad 2 refurbished, big mistake!! It doesn't work well. I have many problems when I turn off and turn on the Ipad since the first day that I received it. Now, I can't return it because I'm in other country.
tablet|hi Lukas here... i have problem ... i cant find place where to put sim card - help me!!!! thanks thanks thanks
tablet|I ordered an Ipad, I recieved an Ipad. I got exactly what I ordered which makes me satisfied. I did arrive early, that made me very happy. Thanks!
tablet|I ordered my ipad2 from Amazon and got it two days later. Faster than if I had ordered it from Apple. Love my ipad2.
tablet|Is the 3G iPad 2 is locked to a telecomm company ? If i bought it 3G At&t for example, can I use it in overseas country telecom sim card? Or as like as the iPhone that is locked to one telecom company ?
tablet|[[ASIN:B0013FRNKG Apple iPad 2 MC769LL/A Tablet (16GB, WiFi, Black)IPads are way overrated. I received the IPad 2 as a gift from my daughters. When I first opened the IPad2, it was WOW. Now that I have used it for 2 weeks, here is my opinion. It SUCKS. No offense to the IPad lovers. Here are the reasons:The IPad2 lists at $499 with a puny 16GB memory. After you load a few apps, your memory is down to say 14 GB. There is not much you can hold with only 14GB...music, videos, pictures nowadays eat up a ton of memory. If you want a higher memory, you have to buy the 32 or 64GB, at $599, and $699 respectively. And even so, the last time I had a 64GB storage capacity is when I had my Atari Computer back in the 80's (ok..i'm exaggerating..but you get the point). Apple calls 64GB a progress? And some people hail Steven Jobs as the great innovator? This is going backwards in time.The IPad storage capacity is NOT UPGRADABLE. You have to sell the old one and buy a new one. This is how Steve Jobs made a lot of money, off of a lot of unsuspecting customers. What puzzles me is why do some continue to patronize such marketing program.There are a few things you can do to overcome the small storage, such as, carry a bunch of SD cards, preload it with files and use the camera kit to view. Some suggest using an external harddrive which you again have to preload with the files you intend to use. Others suggest using online data storage which you have to pay, somewhere between $10-30/month, and mind you, you have to be online to access these files...so if you do not have WIFI or 3G access, you are SOL.If I have to do the above to gain storage, what have I gained from IPad2? I thought the IPad2 is about ease of portability? Not to mention the additional money one has to spend on the additional accessories.The 3G data capability adds $129 to the IPad2. Bear in mind, you still have to subscribe to the 3G data. If you are on the go, the 3G would be helpful. However, the 3G is not all dependable depending on where you're at. The 3G signals in China, Hongkong, and Macau were unreliable. In mainland China, I was able to get "some" 3G data, but none is HongKong and Macau, even when there were strong signals....something to do with prioritization...they give their local subscribers priority, and you get the scrap signal (This is according to T-Mobile). Maybe this only happens in China.IPad has NO ethernet cable connection. While it appears that more and more places are now going WIFI, there are still a lot of good hotels using ethernet cables. Sometimes you have to go to the lobby (a great inconvenience) to get your best WIFI signal (so, being able to use the ethernet cable in the room would be more convenient). And there are still a few hotels that don't offer WIFI. Then what? You are SOL, unless you bring your own WIFI router. So I ask again, if I have to bring a router for these rare occasions, am I not defeating the purpose of the ease of portability?The IPad2 was not able to open a video clip from my Canon T2i (format is .mov). Later I hear Ipad only supports apple video formats. It does not run Flash based content. It does not run Java. What the?I still thank my daughters for gifting me the IPad2. At the least it brought me up to date with technology...I know what I'm not missing...I can say I know what it is...and I can speak intelligently about the Ipad...it's overrated.
tablet|For an expensive item like this i really expected it to have a built in USB 2.0 or SD card slot. Maybe even USB3.0 would be nice.
tablet|I order a ipad 2 with 3G and sent me an ipad 2 only with WIFI. I have a trip the day 31/12 and ipad is for a gift. why lie? .. What is the solution?
tablet|Really? What a pain in the butt! Every site I want to go to needs flash!? I'v been an Apple fan for a long time mow! Now I want all my money back from gen 1! No one from A$$ple will read this! So please buyer beware!!!
tablet|You might just want to go with a cheaper tablet like a Kindle Fire or a Nook Tablet.Do not buy for children! In fact keep away, they will break something too expensive. Also, if you drop it the screen will shatter at least the Nook Tablet has plastic covering around the LCD screen. In Addition you might enjoy reading more on a 7 in. tablet rather than a 10 in. screen. Furthermore, I like the Nook Tablet and the Kindle Fire much more than a lousy iPad! SORRY APPLEFANBOYZ!
tablet|It's very good to bay this device from this sealerI've revive it within 3 days onlyThanks a lot5 stars :)
tablet|The IPAD II sucks. It does not support flash player and there are thousands of websites and games you cannot download because of this. I plan selling mine if someone wants it and go for another tablet which supports flash player.
tablet|let me tell you something apple just comes up with the same exact thing and gives it a different name just get the ipad 1 cause this is pretty much the same thing but a little bit of a twist to it
tablet|My sister just bought an iPad 2 and I've been playing around with it a little bit. I'm not real impressed with it. I can't see spending the money for an oversized iPhone. It may be more powerful but I just can't get over that feel of it being on oversized iPhone and another trend that everyone will jump on. While the iPad may be fun I would prefer my laptop over this.
tablet|I spent $900 on my asus laptop over a year ago and it can play video games equivalent to a PS3 or xbox360. i can connect to my TV with an HDMI port, which are built into every single new HD TV for PC users. Obviously ipads dont have HDMI ports because apple wants you to spend hundreds of dollars to hook ipads up to your TV. They know you are stupid and will spend money on anything. if you have this device you probably know nothing about computers. 1 GHZ processor? really? my $900 laptop has 3.6 ghz processing speed. 64 gb memory? really? my laptop has 600 gb memory. the ipad is still missing many notable features and if you buy this you will have to spend money money money! if you have no problem giving away your money to a scamming company then buy this. otherwise, buy anything else.
tablet|Very nice for games, social networking, etc. Of little use for serious business use. Very unituitive and without instructions. The one book I bought on ipad was of little use.
tablet|In my opinion purchasing this product is nothing but wasting the money especially for those who want to use it for the Internet. In fact, this product and its ancestors are completely disappointing in order to use the Internet due to the lack of abilities in installing a variety of softwares such as adobe flash player. According to a number of restrictions by apple, anyone has to use just what has been installed on this device and so its usage is absoloutely rigid. For instance, you are unable to watch showtimes on IMDB because of its weakness to install flash player. I dont like a company with business purposes enforce me to use just something particular even if its products are so attractive. Also, its transferring data, as a wifi device, is entirely disappointing since such products are new and their technologies haven't been improved as good as you might expect. Remember if you are fan of spending money for gaming go ahead and buy it because this device has been planned for gaming. While you are using free games on this device, some adds appears on the screen and will not let you to enjoy free games. All in all, this product is nothing but an amendment of iPhone.
tablet|I purchased this product awhile back, and I just have to say, this is a HORRIBLE product. The durability of this product is a durable as a wet paper plate. It couldn't even withstand the ONE bullet I shot it with. I have never seen such a weak and easily breakable product. Until you make your products more bullet proof, I will not be buying anymore Apple products. Even my tv worked after one bullet wound. Pick up the pace Apple.
tablet|The iPad 2 starts are $499.00 at Apple's website, but on Amazon it starts at $579.99. I tried to ask the companies but I get no response. Can anyone tell me we we should be expected to pay more on Amazon for anything?
tablet|this isn't the newest model they need to bring the ipad 3 all of the customers are patiently waiting for preorder and they are getting antsy
tablet|This review is for the general public looking for something easy and fun to use. I am not a techie and have never owned a tablet until yesterday when I purchased a Galaxy Tablet 10.1. I loved this tablet but sadly had to return it this morning when I learned that I was lied too about its ability to connect with a VGA projector. After returning the Galaxy Tablet 10.1 this morning because of its inability to connect to a VGA output I found myself reluctantly purchasing an i-pad 2 16gb tablet. I wish I had never returned the Galaxy Tablet 10.1!! In terms of usability the Samsung Galaxy Tablet 10.1 was super easy and within minutes I was sending off emails using voice control, etc... however the I-Pad 2 left me flustered all afternoon long and I am still in shock at how complicated and convoluted getting things to work on it is. For instance 1) Before I could download anything needed for work I had to up-grade the OS! 2) Once OS-5 was installed I bought three (3) apps - keynote, pages, some PDF reader and I also installed Netflix for free. I had to uninstall and then re-install all four (4) app's in order to get them to work properly! Then, it turns out that the i-pad 2 doesn't actually charge whilst plugged into the computer via its usb port?! The battery life is not ten hours either! After five hours of feverishly trying to figure this thing out I was way below 30% battery life! I found the applications very frustrating to access and EVERYTHING forces you to use APPLE "something or another..." be it music, files, pictures, etc... if you like having options than avoid the i-pad... it leaves you feeling like you have been run over after all of the new accounts you have to set up just to get it to turn on properly out of the box.Compared to the Galaxy Tablet 10.1, everything was super easy to use and ready to go. It also comes with Polaris Office which is just as nice as keynote and pages in my opinion and it is FREE! I wrote a review about the Galaxy Tablet 10.1 expressing my disappointment that Samsung is being so short sighted about not having an VGA adapter for it. However, I could find no fault with the tablet itself or its applications. It left me feeling upset that I had to return it as I loved it so much. However, the Apple i-pad has left me so angry after hours of jerking me around that I can't wait to bring it back tomorrow and be rid of it. I also have the arduous task of trying to get my money back for the apps keynote and pages... both $10.00 each. I will confess that now that everything is finally set up and once you succumb to Apple's monopoly over how software is transferred from your computer to the tablet (i-tunes - sigh!) both keynote and pages preserve your Microsoft word and PowerPoint documents very nicely and is usable immediately. The Apple i-pad also has a proper VGA adapter for its i-pad... but it is NOT as user friendly as people or Apple itself makes it out to be and has left me wanting to return it regardless. Also, unlike the Galaxy Tablet, it does not allow you to swipe the screen from left to right and limits you to the basic top to bottom functions. The keyboard is inferior to the Galaxy tablet as well. For whatever reason the i-pad doesn't even have a tab key despite the fact that there is a blank space where the tab key usually is on any normal keyboard, including the Galaxy tablet 10.1! Just to type in some of my passwords I have to literally change the keyboard options three (3) times! This is only a problem for people like me who actually make full use of all the keys on a qwerty key board when making passwords and such. The Galaxy Tablet keyboard was simple and easy to use. It was as good as typing on a laptop keyboard! I also found some really great books for free via the Galaxy whereas most of the free books for the i-pad is just crap. Apple should spend more time on perfecting its products instead of introducing new ones every six months!Bottom Line: if you do not need to use VGA projectors than buy the Galaxy Tablet 10.1. I am heartbroken that I could not have kept that one. Leave Apple to those who like it for what it is. Personally, I'd sooner use a Remington Typewriter than the i-pad!UPDATE:I returned this iPad and purchased the Galaxy 10.1 Tablet again and couldn't be happier! I found a way around the projector problem too which is great. My only regret is having bothered to purchase the iPad at all.
tablet|the apple Ipad does not support any flash player abilities, rendering it useless for looking at things like pictures and whatnot
tablet|It's kind of like having your own casino: there's always that chance that it will do what you want sometime. It hardly ever does, but I keep going back for more because of that chance. Also everyone else seems to love them. I suppose I will learn to like it too. So far it is a device that devours loads of time, and all for the purpose of making it work. If you want a new hobby of playing with a new device, this one is a doozy. If you want it to actually accomplish something useful, I'm skeptical after having it for a month. You can always call Apple for tech support, but my experience was that they were more interested in selling me more stuff. I don't see that that is my solution.
tablet|
tablet|this is the worst experience i have had. I ordered this before christmas, and it still hasn't shipped. I have tried to cancel multiple times and emailed them with my concerns. DO NOT ORDER FROM THESE PEOPLE!!!!!
tablet|I'm underwhelmed with the over-priced & over-hyped Chinese Apple iPad2. Restrictive version of safari browser, no USB port, poor user interface, lack of security options, thousands of worthless apps, etc. Hoping to return it.
tablet|I purchased a 64 Gb Ipad with ATT #G specifically to help with a trip which I am making to my parents' ancestral town. Yandex maps (similar to Google Earth maps) are wonderful to help navigate in cities such as the one I am going to visit---Chernevitsi (AKA - Chernowitz). Only after I bought the system, I learned that I cannot use these 3D maps because Ipad does not support Adobe Flash. I pleaded with store representatives to give me a contact at Apple to see if there was any way aorund this. The staff say that there is no one else that I can speak to and that technical support will not be able to help. I even asked if there was someone perhaps in Russia who deals with Ipads who I could speak to. Apple reps essentially say "sorry Charlie" with a smile..."we are great and everything else is inferior". Well be ware...I really think Apple is a big overpriced marketing gimmick.
tablet|I love the iPad, but I regret buying it after experiencing iTunes which you have to use to get anything in or out of it. As hard as it is to believe, iTunes is actually WORSE than a typical microsoft app! iTunes is absolutely HIDEOUS.
tablet|I bought this ipad for my husband. It arrived on time and intact. However, there were no instructions for use. After communication with the vendor, we learned it is necessary to "activate" the ipad by plugging it in to an internet-connected computer with subsequent connection to itunes. However, even after "activation" there are still no instructions as to how to set basic things up such as email. My husband ended up taking it in to his tech people to set up basic needs, and this has taken a large amount of time and work (and still is not complete over a month later with multiple people involved).This is disappointing since the unit cost over $1,000. Surely, basic setup instructions should be included for an item of this value!!!Perhaps buying an ipad from this vendor might be good for those of you already highly knowledgeable in how to set an ipad up. For the rest of you, do even consider buying here. Go to an Apple store or to another source that offers basic installation instructions and help. My iphone works great, but I bought it from an Apple store where all my questions were answered up front. I wish I had bought this ipad from the same store.Bottom line: the hardware coming from this vendor is probably fine. There is no set up help or instruction,however, so avoid this vendor unless you already know what you need to do.We cannot yet review the ipad itself since it is not yet set up after many weeks of trying.
tablet|i am sorry to have left this review for so long, but my son broke the ipad2 i bought from you and then i remembered how new it was when i got it... and now i am writing this...thanks for being honest in your business ...
tablet|I'm a true Amazon.com fan-boy. Get as much as I can from Amazon.com, including by much-loved breakfast cereal (Mother's Oat Brand). Request at all Christmas Gifts, Father's Day Gifts, and Birthday Gifts be Amazon.com gift cards. My oldest son talked me into an iPad instead of a Kindle, so I took the leak. Much to my dismay, Amazon.com was (and continues) to charge a premium over the going price, so I went elsewhere for my purchase. Got my case from Amazon.com, and will get any other accessories the same way.Day-by-day I discover new delights (watched my first movie using WiFi and the iPad last night ... cool experience, especially with stereo headphones). Highly recommended!
tablet|depends what each one is looking for, as this is pretty much an overgrown phone without the phone capabilities!!If you are looking for a net/notebook replacement this is not the place for look, for sure.the lack of flash support is not only annoying but seriously handicapping an already handicapped (hardware-wise) devicegood for gaming for kidsgood for accessing your emails fast, especially if your eyesight is not as strong as those crackberry usersweb browsing is good and fast but .... that damn flash issue again.Basically apple has repackaged an old solution into a glossy package with average hardware and sells it for gold, a feat which noone but apple can achieve and no less commendable since for the same money you can get 3 netbooks or one kickass notebook...A word of advice to those guys queuing outside Apple stores to get this, guys relax, get a netbook, an extra battery and buy a nice gift to your girl/boyfriend with the rest of the money and you will feel better in the morning!
tablet|Tablets are toys. Last year, I dropped cable and considered either buying a Mac Mini or iPad 2 w/ Apple TV 2 and hooking it up to my TV. I decided to go with the latter. Not the best move. If you want to buy content from Apple, it may work well for you. If not, you have to jump through hoops or put up with inferior quality. Netflix and Hulu are not as good on the iPad or Apple TV as they are on a computer.In fact, I should have stayed away from the Apple line in my HTPC decision... It would have been smarter to get a nice, Sony laptop and one of the WiDi boxes that allow you to screen share your PC with your TV. (I hate the idea of plugging a computer into HDMI with a cable). Then, when you play music from your laptop to your TV (connected to a stereo), you can trip out on the visualizer. Apple TV 2 has no visualizer. It has no horsepower. It is the iPhone 4 processor packed into a hockey puck with some output jacks slapped on. (from a design perspective, it is well done. I do think Apple are still great with hardware).Tablets are toys. For example, if you want to surf the web on the iPad, there is no Flash. Indeed, people make a much bigger deal about this than it is, as most big websites offer the same content as h.264 video. However, you will run into a few that only use Flash. You can use Photon, but it is not that great. It is true that Flash on mobile devices, even Android, is not very good. See? Tablets are toys!The really bad thing is that Safari does not support the file upload html input element, so you cannot upload photos to sites like Ebay or Facebook. You need to use their apps. Why? Because iOS does not let you get into the directory structure. It is a toy. A consumer product. It is not cheap either.Like I said, I should have just got a nice Windows 7 laptop and WiDi, which would have been better than a Mac Mini and a remote keyboard. The laptop can go anywhere and can be used without the TV. Why not get a Macbook and Apple TV 2 and use AirPlay? Because it does not support screen mirroring! I think there are third party solutions, like AirPlay Server (not made by Apple). But we know why they do this. If it doesn't fit into the Apple ecosystem, they don't want to put in much effort to support it. After all, if they did that, you might watch Hulu instead of paying for shows on iTunes. I shudder to think that Apple is rumored to be interested in aquiring Netflix and Hulu. If they do, say goodbye to affordable programming...Oh, and if you want to buy a show or movie on Amazon and watch it on your TV with the Apple ecosystem, good luck. It is nit really possible with the iPad 2 or Apple TV 2, and if you do it on the Mac, you either need to plug into your TV, or maybe try the third party AirPlay screen sharing software, if it still exists or is any good...The Intel WiDi system, with devices made by a few manufacturers, had 1080p for years before the new Apple TV 2 did. If you project Hulu or Netflix, full screen, onto your TV, it is 16:9 widescreen, etc. It is simlly a better HTPC setup than I can think of! Total buyers remorse. I will have to put up with this iCrap for a few years, until it is totally obsolete...My Apple fanboy days are over. Everything I own is Apple, and I see more and more bugs and more creepy "lock you in" behavior every day. Look, I am not going to pay $4 to rent a movie or $1-4 to buy TV episodes. Even though I watch maybe an hour or so of video programming a day, I would end up spending $100+. I may as well have cable.With the new Apple iBooks scandal, we can all see the writing on the wall. I also see Apple products, even the Mac, becoming less computers and more consumer toys. I bought my first Mac because I am a developer and needed a POSIX environment. Many times I wish I just got a decent Windows laptop and dual booted Ubuntu and Windows 7.Apple quality has gone downhill bigtime recently. The new updates to Apple TV have it crashing quite often.To make a long story short, if you want to buy content from Apple, an iPad may be fine. But if you want Netflix, Hulu and Amazon, you should look elsewhere. What? The iPad has Netflix and Hulu and Apple TV has Netflix built in? Yes. But they are not as good as the computer versions. To watch Hulu on your TV, you have to do a convoluted process, to get it to work somewhat well:1. Close all the apps on your iPad2. Shut down your iPad3. Restart Apple TV4. Start your iPad5. Turn on screen sharing6. Start HuluThe closing apps and restarting the iPad was recommended to me by Hulu support, but restarting the Apple TV 2 seems to help a lot too. See? This is worse than Windows! Remember when Apple products didn't need to be rebooted comstantly to work?That will get you Hulu on your TV, but it is 4:3 with content cut off. The video is jerky and (appearantly due to legal reasons) they can only have a 15 second buffer size, unlike the Flash based version.I will say that the iPad 2 with Apple TV 2 can do some amazing things. A game like Metalstorm, played via AirPlay mirroring has a cool feature, where the iPad becomes a virtual cockpit (it is the game controller) and the game is on the screen. Indeed, an iPad with its gyroscope and acclerometer is a great gaming controller and gaming device.That said, if you like stuff like World of Warcraft, you are better off with a Windows laptop. iOS is a great gaming platform, but I think Windows still has an edge for deeper games.I am not a gamer. This was meant to replace cable TV, and does not do the best job. I was warned. I read a review in some tech mag that said the same thing... But I figured between Netflix, Hulu and the AirPlay feature, I had all my bases covered. Yes, but it is not a quality experience. It is often tears before bedtime.If you want a consumer gadget toy kind of thing, the iPad is fine. Probably better than any other tablet out there. But I now think tablets are a fad. The press claims they are the future. People tend to settle for less, if told it is hot stuff. Look at Twitter, or the fact that most of us listen to music that has lesser audio quality than a CD (which doesn't sound as good as vinyl!). Heck, I settled for 720p for this setup. I could have spent the same amount of money, got a quality laptop (like a Sony, forgetabout Dell and HP), and a WiDi box, and had a way better experience... Along with having a real computer that I could use independent of my TV -- something with a real web browser, real applications... I gotta say, even Safari on a Mac is pretty bad. The app looks nice, but web pages are often poorly formatted and there is a bug that prevents me from using my bank's website!See what I mean? Apple used to be the one that had quality. I think they have become arrogant and are resting on their laurels. Additionally, the influx of lame consumers combined with "democratic design" has them spending more time on Twitter integration than develping a decent mobile browser that can do something as basic as upload a file! Forget about Flash! These things can't even upload files! How can they? You have NO ACCESS to the file system. Even then, they could let you access the photo roll, but they were too busy setting up iCloud so they could gouge you, and putting in system wide Twitter integration for the iSheep idiots.I used to get annoyed when the Phandroids and Apple haters called these iToys and the users iSheep. But there is a lot of truth to that.I bought my iPad 2 about 10 months ago, and I have buyer's remorse. I had way too much faith in Apple. Keep in mind, they want you to buy their content. They are not going to bend over backwards to create a decent Hulu or Netflix experience. Who knows? Maybe these are purposefully hobbled so you will get fed up and just buy the show from iTunes.But iTunes is not great. I have a decent internet connection, and it takes 2 hours to download a 1 hour show. They do not stream. In my opinion, Apple is a terrible internet company. For example, you can't even watch the video, on Apple's website, about the new iPad on the iPad 2. I have tried to backup my iPad 2 for a month now, but their iCloud stuff is so dead slow, it fails after a few hours, and the progress bar says it will take 10 hours to back up -- just the basic backup!DON'T BELIEVE THE HYPE! The iPad is the best tablet, but tablets are HYPED! You would be so much better off just getting a nice, small, quality laptop. Given the better integration of Windows 7 and WiDi for getting your stuff on the HDTV, I would even say, forget about getting a MacBook and Apple TV 2. Forget about a Mac Mini and a cumbersome remote keyboard. I have the worst Apple hangover right now! It just hit me how limited a lot of their stuff is... Their nice ecosystem can be done better, and with more options and choices. I'd rather play music from a Windows 7 laptop to my TV/stereo through a WiDi box, and get the visualizer and all that jazz...I used to really love Apple products, but they have lost their luster. I don't think products like the iPad 2, the new iPad, and Apple TV2 meet the needs of even most consumers. The fact that the Mac is slowly becoming a big iPad makes me wish I had opted for a Windows/Ubuntu system.Did I mention that after the iOS 5.1 release and the new Apple TV 2 update, AirPlay has crashed on me about 8 times. It probably would have crashed more, but I often just listen to the radio instead now. Pathetic, eh? Yep, Windows ain't lookin' so bad now!Apple is becoming way too oriented to the average consumer. If you cut the cord (ditch cable) and go with Apple, you will pay as much, if not more for content, especially if you have a family. Don't buy an iPad 2 and an Apple TV 2 and expect Netflix and Hulu to work very well. This is no slam on either of those companies -- I think they rock! The best Netflix snd Hulu experiences are computer based (I have not tried Roku, Boxee, etc.)You should not have to pay $4-5 to rent a movie, or $2-3 to buy a TV show. WTF? I don't want to watch that same episode of The Office more than once.Just like this iBooks scandal, it is clear that Apple is here to suck you dry. You were warned!
tablet|Gooddelivery from this vendor. iPad needs a keyboard for much data entry and secure password. iPad also needs USB flash drive and better file support. Very few apps for business and personal finance. Forget The heralded Apple support, it vanished a few generations ago. iPad manual so basic to be of very little help. Forget printing unless you have an e-printer.Better have great access to wifi or unlimited data plan or you will be disappointed. Love the touch pad technology but need numbers and special characters on the keyboard.
tablet|I recently purchased an iPad2. On first install, it worked fine. However, there was an OS update to version 5 available, so I decided to update it. A BIG mistake. Version 5 of the operating system has major bugs in it. At the moment, every time I try to sync it with iTunes, it isn't recognized so it resets. With over 40 Gigs of music, video, and data this ends up being a 2 to 3 hour process. I'm sure it will be fixed eventually, but to have major problems with this product less than 24 hours after I've purchased it is a big problem. Apple should have tested the new OS better before releasing it to the public.I recommend not buying this product now, but if you do, be sure not to update the operating system to version 5. You will regret it.
tablet|
tablet|No only is this am AMAZING product. But Apple is the best company I have ever bought anything from. We now have a saying in our house if you want a product and apple sells one, don't think just buy the apple.This has so many uses the 64G is well worth it.You definitely want the 3G version because it has GPS.My first version died because I dropped it in water. Apple felt sorry for me and gave me a new one! wow! My mothers phone broke they handed her a new one. My friend dropped his on the ground and broke the screen. They gave him a new one.I LOVE APPLE!!!!
tablet|I am usually known as the Apple hater, but I did cave in and buy the Ipad 2. That being said... I like it, I would like it better if it were flash capable and if it had a USB port. Also I think that although you can purchase data if you have the 3G version without signing up to a contract... I think it sucks that if you don't use that purchased amount in 30 days you lose it. Damn!!Why can't I keep it until I use it up? That prompted me to purchase the Wifi version only (Either it is pay as you go or it is not) with Apple IT IS NOT. Things like that continue to make me a Apple shall I say... disliker if thats a word. All in All I will say I am enjoying the Ipad, I've only had it a week so give me time I might change my mind.
tablet|I ordered this as a Christmas gift and did receive it on time. But when it was opened on Christmas, it was not &#34;white&#34; like the product description stated. The iPad works fine but again just not what I thought I was purchasing. Once opened as Christmas gift, I didn't want to take it away from them because it was supposed to be different color- according to product description.
tablet|&#1575;&#1606;&#1578; &#1588;&#1582;&#1589; &#1587;&#1575;&#1585;&#1602; &#1608;&#1604;&#1610;&#1587; &#1604;&#1603; &#1575;&#1610; &#1605;&#1589;&#1583;&#1575;&#1602;&#1610;&#1577; &#1601;&#1610; &#1575;&#1604;&#1578;&#1593;&#1575;&#1605;&#1604; &#1605;&#1593; &#1575;&#1604;&#1586;&#1576;&#1575;&#1574;&#1606; &#1607;&#1607; &#1606;&#1589;&#1610;&#1581;&#1577; &#1605;&#1606;&#1610; &#1604;&#1604;&#1575;&#1582;&#1608;&#1577; &#1604;&#1575;&#1578;&#1588;&#1578;&#1585;&#1608;&#1575; &#1575;&#1610; &#1588;&#1610; &#1605;&#1606; &#1607;&#1584;&#1575;
tablet|i ordered the white ipad and i got a black one and the pictures are awful and come out blurry
tablet|I am writing this comment on a two month old iPad that is now a piece of crap thanks to the very expensive Griffin case that I purchased. It was the most expensive case that Target carried. The case will not open without inserting something in one of the open slots and twisting. When I did that, the screen exploded so that I have cracks running in all directions. I have purchased a new computer from Apple every year for nearly 15 years. I have 4 iPad and an iPhone plus software and I have purchased at least 20 iPods. I have tried returning the brand new iPad to both Target and Apple. Both dogmatically refuse to help me. Apple said I would have to pay $200 to replace it. So far, no response from Griffin. I am sick over this. Apple is horrible in terms of their customer service now. The used to recognize stuff like this. I have had so many good experiences with them over the years and now they've stopped standing behind their products. The iPad should not have done this and the case should not have been so difficult to open. The Apple store made good and sure that I couldn't buy an extended warranty by documenting the fact that the iPad was cracked. I am crying as I write this because the good that this company once was is now dead. I loved them because they were always recognizing my loyalty to them and in return showed that same dedication to me. Now that's dead.
tablet|I placed the order for 1 APPLE Ipad 2 16gb Wifi at 4:00pm last night and it arrived today by 2:00pm. I sent an E mail to TaxfreeOregon the Seller, and was pleased with the very quick response!Thank you Aaron! Great service!
tablet|I Have a Apple IPAD 2 that I got for Christmas 2011, and a Kindle Keyboard 3G,+ Wi-Fi, 6" E Ink Display that I got for Christmas in 2010. Now I know the old Kindle doesn't really have the features of the Apple IPAD 2 but, My Kindle is going on two years old and I really stopped useing it when I got my IPAD 2.But,furthmore my Kindle is still not broke, damaged, nor has any loss of batterie life,but it's A totally different story when it comes to the IPAD....First of all I have got say I took extremely great care of my IPAD but, somehow within 3 months it started to show scratches of the back of it. Moveover, it about the fifth or sixth month of owning my IPAD 2 It fell of a three and a half foot table(on to carpet) and the whole screen just shattered, the charging port was also almost totally destroyed and the little circle button that which is 100% the most important part of the IPAD even working at all was destroyed completely.I Called Apple and Asked if they could possibly fix my IPAD 2 64GB oh yea which my parents spent $730.00 dollars for and guess what they said........no, come on keep thinking-_-....................... they said "for another $400.00 bucks we'll give you a new IPAD 2(the same one White/64GB)and we'll of course transfer the data from your other one to the new one." Well,as you could imagine my parents were't about to do that so I was and am stuck with a half broken IPAD and no way to fix it thanks Apple! It wasn't a total loss intil, I couldn't even use my IPAD anymore which happened about two months ago. Now since I can't use the Circle part of the the device I have to turn it off just to switch programs!! I end up now just useing my laptop for everything. I have IPOD and that's great but, APPLE's IPADS' suck badly. If your looking for a tablet for yourself or someone your shopping for, for the upcoming holidays I wouldn't buy a IPAD 3 but, a Kindle Fire HD or something; any will be better than a IPAD!!!WASTE OF HARD EARNED MONEY!!!!!
tablet|What can I say I gave in to all the hype and got one of these. I must say I am very dissatisfied. I mean what am I supposed to do with this? I also have a Kindle fire which I would prefer any day of the week. It is cheaper and much easier to use. Not to mention so much of a better size. Not near as bulky as an ipad. These things are supposed to be portable but I feel like I am lugging around a notebook with this pos.
tablet|My father ordered this item knowing nothing about ipads (neither did I for that matter.) My mother received the ipad 2 16 gb wifi while she was out of town for Christmas. She opened it expecting to add a data package upon returning home. She called Verizon who said that they were unable to add a data package.She then contacted Apple. Apple stated that it was originally intended to be sold in a Spanish market, not the US and was surprised that the ipad had not been in Spanish.After reviewing the correspondance received after ordering this product, I contacted Worldwide distributors to return the item as my mother would like a data plan with her ipad. I was informed that since it was opened I would be unable to return the item.So...To sum it up my father spent over $500.00 to purchase the item my mother wanted more than anything, except for the return of her son that died from cancer five months ago, to have an ipad that she can only use in a wifi area.Again, do not purchase from their seller. Had to look for over 15 minutes on the site for the return policy. Again, the return policy was not in the correspondance received from the distributor.
tablet|I ordered a iPad touch on nov10th still haven't recieved it I'm not sure what's going on with getting something that I had paid for almost. A month ago. I will pay more and order from a faster place next time it's never took this long to get something from amazon I'm really disappointed
tablet|I finally broke down and purchased a iPad 2I LOVE IT !!! I do have a Macbook and several iPod'sOne amazing product !!
tablet|Hope all these people get stuck with them. Hope everyone can wait until the store can catch up on stock.
tablet|I recently purchased a new iPad 2 for $829.99. I had such high hopes for this little device. Then was astonished at how it didn't even come close to my medium-low expectations.Here it goes: The auto rotate is slow and suddenly will rotate when tilted randomly. When you don't have the wall plug-in it will not recharge while plugged into a laptop. The touch pad is either so sensitive or will NOT work At ALL after many attempts. Apple says it has a 10hr battery life - try five hours at best. A data package must be bought to use the Wi-Fi when the advertisement says it can be used right out of the package. You have to buy iTunes comparable packages to use the iPad. Free Apps are NOT all free - there is usually a fee to make them work to the point they are enjoyable. Don't even try to upload ANY of your own music or movies. Apple is sooo proprietary that if you didn't buy the music or movies through iTunes you can't use it on the iPad. And when you try to access the Internet, better-off using your Mac/PC. Moreover, accessing Wikipedia or nearly any other sites that uses videos to enhance the info, entertainment, music you can only watch around 70% of the content. Sure, the Flash is not available for iPad but it should be able to play the other videos. On Aug 5th, I called Mac customer service and the rep even said he could not believe Apple sent out the iPad 2 without some kind of plug-in or app to make the iPad more user friendly with the Internet. Oh, one more, DO NOT set the iPad face down or it will slip off nearly any surface you think is flat. The front surface is so slippery.I don't have the time to list and all negative experiences have been experienced only owning it for three months. However, I must say, the screen is bright and clear. The iPad is light and sturdy. The apps that do work, work VERY well. The processor is extremely FAST! It is not a horrible product. It just needs to mature a little.I have been using Apple/Mac and PC products for more than three decades and could not speak higher of the quality and ease of use of Apple/Mac until now. I'll probably be buying a different brand like a HP Slate 500, LG G-Slate, Viewsonic ViewPad 7, RIM BlackBerry PlayBook - to name a few next time unless I pad 4 is more compatible with reality. Please, for the love of all good things, heed my advice and DO NOT BUY THIS! (At least not yet.) Nearly ANY other pad/tablet at two thirds the price will do much more than the iPad 2.* NOTE * DO NOT BUY THE iPad magnetic Smart Cover. It easily slips off and WILL traumatically send your iPad to an early demise.No, I would not recommend this to a family member or friend at this time. Remember, we are at the very beginning of the pad/tablet generation! Every year as the Internet develops, the tablets will follow. Good luck!
tablet|I recevied this as a gift and right from the start it was was confusing to use and to controling (can't even set it up without it asking you to conect to the internet so you log on to istore). Everythingis icloud, itunes, istore etc is icrap. basiclly Apple wants you to but everything. Poor memory and I just hate everything about. Took it back and got a Sony Vaio instead. Bottom line either you love it or hate and you know where I stand. Apple uses child labor and you support it by buying their garbage.
tablet|The new features for Ipad3 are nothing new to the Tablet industry as compared to other tablets on the market 1 year ago. Apple just trying to play catch up game with other tablets still lacking connectivity to interface all platforms & removable SD memory cards to swap in and out. They are trying slowly release few features with every revision so not to run out of bullets.
tablet|The scratch resistance of the Xoom is very good: 100 Millinewton (mN).The scratch resistance of the iPad 2 is very bad: 6 Millinewton (mN).This specific criteria - the scratch resistance - is one of the most important points for tablets and at least a knock-out criterion for the iPad 2.
tablet|I can't watch cnbc video, quicksilverscreen free stream movies. If porn and security are the issues, why my MAC SUPPORT FLASH???
tablet|My roommate got this device and he is marginally pleased.Cons:1)DRM infested Apple handyourwallet deviceplagued with limited connectivity.2)No replaceable battery.3)Too expensive for the hardware used in the device.4)Proprietary devise that expects you to be faithfulto Apple and their apps store.5)Easily slips from your hands unless you get a protectivecase.6)No sd or micro sd card slot in wi-fi only model.7)Unstable and Apple provides bad support even if you buy theextra care plan.8)Apple techsupport has been less than honest and frequently lies.9)Apple does not have the same support mechanism for people who purchase the device from Amazon and this can be a problem at times.10)iPads don't run Flash based content.11)You can't run Java on an iPad or iPhone and there are still thousand of web sites and corporate applications running Java.11b) Because of 10 and 11 above, that means you wont be ableto properly navigate close to 30% of websites in the internet since Java and Flash are still widely used.12)Apple is so intent on push marketing, like the Genius function in iTunes, that it interferes with basic functionality.13) Even the Kindle Fire does a lot more than the iPad and it is a proprietary device.14)Apple store personnel is extremely arrogant.15)Apps that one can receive free on an android, you have to pay for via the app store.16) iPads are disposable electronics. If your iPad breaks, Apple will give you a refurbished iPad if your warranty is still in effect. If your warranty has expired then your only option could be to throw away your Ipad or sell its parts on Ebay.17)Apple forced Amazon to remove the Kindle Store button from their mobile devices. They have also done this to the Barnes & Noble Nook Application.18)iPad2 probably has the worst operating system ever. The system is so restrictive it limits any chance of even limited productivity. If you're only interested in playing games, email or rather poor quality photo images and video then you'll probably like the iPad2.Pro:1)Long battery life.2)Good screen but no need for such a high resolutiongiven its size.3)Support from Apple store if you are near one.4)Widely used.5)People think it looks good.6)Shiny.7)People who don't know much about technology are impressed by the device.8)If you have lower than average IQ you will find this product easier to use than a more tweekable Android tablet.All in all my roommate wishes he had gotten a Toshiba Thrive because he would like more freedom and does not want Apple breathing down his back asking for money at every turn.===============================Concerning the retina display of the New iPad:March 18, 2012 (I unfortunately was forced to post an update to this because my roommate thinks people can benefit). He heard about Apple's new iPad and wanted me to give him some ideas of what techies thought of Apple's retina display in the new iPad. So I went to a website I read frequently and one that is popular with the most technologically literate people on earth: tomshardware dotcom. I am includingsome of the comments voted highest and left by tomshardware frequent readers. It is hoped that this will assistintelligent readers on deciding if they should get the new iPad.Halcyon:"Why didn't someone besides Apple use this most excellent screen first? Heck, Samsung makes the screen...you'd think they put something as nice in their own tablets."------Bystander:Frankly, I find it a little ridiculous at the resolution of this screen. I'd rather have the extra battery life and if you use it for games, they are probably going to have to use it at half the resolution for performance reasons.2550x1600 on a 30" is about as crisp as i can see. Why do we need that on a 9.7" screen?I won't refuse the added resolution, but I'm not sure there is much reason to spend extra money for it either.------Icemunk quoted by Del35:"Back in 2010 when Steve Jobs introduced the iPhone 4, he claimed that the human eye stooped discerning the individual pixels when the pixel density is 300ppi. Hence he called the display on the iPhone 4 the retina display, which has 326ppi. Now we go forward in time almost two years and after all the human eye stops discerning pixels at 260ppi not 300ppi as previously stated.Also the phone I mentioned was a Nokia N900, at the time I also had a iPhone 3GS and a Xperia X1. Without knowing I had two phones with retina displays."The retina display is such a load of nonsense. The hype is designed to draw technologically subliterate zombies. The bottom line is that I simply can't imagine using a device like the new iPad that prevents me from experiencing fully close to 30% of websites due to its proprietary infestation (no flash and no java support!). On another note, I am happy that Samsung manufactures the retina display for Apple. Obviously they see no need to create a hype around it and seem not to be pushing it on their devices. For me the 1280 x 800 Pixel Super Amoled display of the the Samsung Galaxy Note is more than I need. Thanks but no thanks Apple. Give me connectivity, openness, and produce a device with a better that 2 in 10 repairability ratio and thus almost impossible to repair, also throw in a micro sd slot and price the device reasonably and I might consider it. Till you do that you will just be producing overpriced junk for zombied morons using your logo as a shield.End of story.-----Icemunk:"Fact of the matter is Apple displays are nice, and set a good benchmark, however they have been surpassed by newer technologies and better resolutions on many fronts. Most new super phones surpass 300ppi using LCD, OLED, and LED technologies."-----Icemunk:"Yup, Samsung make excellent handheld displays!----------Vladislaus:"My old phone with 3,5 inch 800x480 apparently also has a retina display long before Apple introduced it with the iPhone 4. Apparently all of a sudden, retina displays became much more common overnight."----------The Dane:"Apple's retina displays still uses IPS panels. Much prefer lower resoution SuperAMO LED if image quality is important."--------Icemunk:" There are plenty of phones with "Retina" display (above 300 ppi). For example, the Samsung Galaxy Nexus has a 4.65" OLED screen with 316 ppi, however it is not advertised as "Retina" display, because that is a marketing gimick which Apple has a copyright for. OLED beats LCD hands down by the way."-------Shaod:"Of course it has 316 ppi "strictly speaking" - ppi being simply the number of pixels it has per inch. That's ignoring that PenTile actually looks (subjectively) better than a regular display of the same resolution, while using less power because it has few subpixels.And sorry but 'retina display' is a marketing term. Like you point out it is completely subjective upon other factors such as where the screen is held and how good the eyesight of the user is."-------Icemunk responds to Watcha who seems to work for Apple:"You sound like a person who has little experience outside his Iphone and Apple products.. that is unfortunate, I believe you are caught up in the marketing of Apple and confusing it with science. It's tough to be a truly critical thinker when you are a fan boy unfortunately... hopefully you'll realize this in time. Good luck."-----Icemunk responds to Apple employee Watcha:"I'm not going to argue about what a "Retina" display is, because that is a marketing device which Apple holds copyright. If you would like to argue facts, than I will present them to you:OLED is a superior display. Lower power, higher clairty, better viewing angles, true blacks and superior contrasts, higher resolutions, more advanced, higher quality, vibrant colors. LCD does not compare, even if you make up some marketing term about "Retina" display. OLED wins hands down, no matter how you spin it. And just so you know.. Apple won't be using LCD in their next Iphone, Samsung will make them a nice OLED display for it instead."Del35 replies to Icemunk:-------"Watcha is unforuntetly lacking in real knowledge, and lost in the vast marketing machine produced by Apple. He reads his "science" from websites such as[...] which talks about nothing but Apple.. I feel for people like him, they don't realize they are being manipulated by marketing."I agree. In fact Watcha is even lacking in the basics of logical reasoning as evidenced by many of his past comments. Watcha does not even know what a contrapositve statement is or what a converse statement is or what a tautology is. To illustrate his total lack of logical skills, I recall a discussion with Watcha where he/she claimed that Apple made better product because more affluent people purchased them. I replied to him that his argument was akin to the claim that slavery was a better economic system because wealthier people held slaves in the 17th and 18th Century. He could not see the fallacy of his claim and held to it. Now it is known that Watcha works for Apple. So he is just working to put food on his table albeit in an immoral and anti-intellectual fashion.--------Icemunk:"I'm not going to argue about what a "Retina" display is, because that is a marketing device which Apple holds copyright. If you would like to argue facts, than I will present them to you:OLED is a superior display. Lower power, higher clairty, better viewing angles, true blacks and superior contrasts, higher resolutions, more advanced, higher quality, vibrant colors. LCD does not compare, even if you make up some marketing term about "Retina" display. OLED wins hands down, no matter how you spin it. And just so you know.. Apple won't be using LCD in their next Iphone, Samsung will make them a nice OLED display for it instead."-----------Anyway, I could go on and on but prefer not to. I think people who have read this far can make an intelligent decision on whether they should buy the hyped "Retina Display".
tablet|IPad is very useful to watch movie when you are on the loo hehe. Next iPads I think will have a sdxc card slot, usb (i hope, because its silly that i must search for wifi in order to give a friend a data that is few inches from me, and that data are somewhere on some server 1000 miles from me, so much about silly clouding idea), 15" screen ( i guess like i saw in the movie tron, apple will release a macbook touch 15" tablet) and more that 120gb in it. So buying ipad 3, ipad 4, ipad 5 etc... Will be useless until this device will have usb to connect (wr all have at least 2usb sticks) and large screen (9inch screen and the black frame around it is just waste of space, thy will reduce it, i know, the same physical size but enlarge the screen up to 11inch). Ipad is ok for some stuff, but i get use to work on macbook pro and all prevoius apples laptops, so this new way of having iPad are practical for some stuff, but for my design work is horrible way (although there are already apps for design and webdesign). At least i can use a true physical keyboard.
tablet|I hardly find i-pad last 2weeks but i couldn't find i padi was realry so need that I bougnt this i pad that expensive.I am happy with i pad but i am unhappy with that price.if i could buy that i didnt buy this...
tablet|I paid to much money from an over priced third party, because Apple cant keep its product in stock!!!!I had to wait a week to get the product in the mail!! Also when I recieved it the product was broken/malfunctional!!The product screen would not stay on and the screen touch function did not work, also the volume buttons did not function!!I can not express in words how upset I was!!
tablet|it's an appliance not really a working device, i have the asus ep 121 and its perfect, exactly what we are looking for when talking about a road warrior PC. I can't see why iPad 2. just a camera and a little faster but besides of that is a piece of junk.
tablet|I received an e-mail that I was made administrator to some Facebook Apple Ipad2 page. This page was just a lure to one of their advertisements. This is fraudulent to use my name on Facebook in such a manner, and I now intend to post and make pages of my own downgrading this Apple ipad2. Since I am now an administrator for this crappy product, I can say whatever I want about it ..... Right? I am tired of spammers and such using my name and my e-mail address for their advertising practices. I now plan to begin boycotting the companies and products that these spammers represent. I am now boycotting the Apple Ipad2 and everything associated with it. I will not do the test, will never buy one, and will not have anything to do with this device! Someone named Jillana Winslow assigned me this so called administrator position!
tablet|I want to be perfectly clear ... I Do Not Own an Apple iPad2 or iPad1. I was close, oh so close to hitting the "buy" button then decided to shop around a wee-bit given the expense of the tablet. Within a day or two the announcements concerning a few of Apple's hottest products .. iPad 2 & iPhone, we all know what those concerns are hit the media circuits. I can't speak for you but, I most certainly don't want my every waking moment tracked - especially as deviously as Apple has set out to do. Apple didn't ask permission, didn't bother putting it in the "fine" print and when caught red-handed wouldn't even address. I have a million questions of my own i.e., whose idea was this, is Apple being paid by "?", is he government involved - what? It's out of control .. Everthing! I like my toys as much as the next guy but will trash them if this I Spy chit continues. Needless to say I am not in the market for an iPad in the near furture. My opinion, not a review granted - had I already purchased the iPad it would have been longer, louder and most likely censored!
