computer|Great Apple Product at A Great Price. Amazon is usually the best place for price when it comes to buying Macs.
computer|I'm so glad to have this computer. It completely supports my home business and personal life. All the needed extras of cords, etc came with it, no problems.
computer|First Day:Runs smooth, no scratches and no damaged box. Good job Amazon. I was worried that the UPS would damage it more than anything. This is the basic model 13 inch non-retina. The 2.5ghz CPU is flying with install of a game as we speak. All the ports are much needed since this is my main computer. I had a hard time between this and the Macbook Air but the ethernet port and DVD drive made me buy this for my main. I was around 80% battery and did the first game install Diablo 3, and my battery went to 30%. Just remember to plug it in or it will drain your battery when doing dvd installs.2 week review:I use parallels, I wish I had more than 4GB of ram for gaming/running virtual machines. Ram gets eaten up real quickly so either buy it with more ram or make room for extra cash and buy 8 or 16.Extra Thoughts:I also bought parallels 8 and windows 8. I will update my review when I install them.
computer|Was so hesitant about spending this much on a product for myself, as I am a single mom and pinch every penny, but this purchase was so worth it. So glad I did not waste money on a less than par product. Love my macbook pro!
computer|It works great. I am very happy with my first Mac. It arrived very quickly and it has been fun to learn how to use.
computer|I would recommend this to everyone. I can never go back to a PC now, this machine never freezes or has any problems.
computer|My first Mac. Never going back. Love everything about it. Wish I made the switch years ago. Very fast and certainly well thought out. Thanks Apple and Thanks Amazon!
computer|LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE this product! Best money I ever spent.
computer|amazzzzing computer soooooo happy with it came brand new excellent pricing everything that i needed out of a mac im getting soooooooo happy with it would def recommed loveeee amazon
computer|Only Apple can make such perfect laptop in the world. It is much better than the Acer ultrabook I had before. It totally worth the money you spend.
computer|This is my 1st Apple computer and I totally love it. Really happy with my purchase. This computer made me the proud owner of 4 Apple products
computer|Excellent laptop! I love this piece of equipment, It will be hard to go back to other type of laptop after using a MacBook Pro.
computer|Best computer ive had by far.... super fast super easy and super awesome. Considering another computer should be out of the question
computer|I have nothing ti say it is very very good fast shipping a recommended to keep ordering here laptop works fine light last long with battery life
computer|What can I write; Who can beat Apple in reliability, ease of use, quality, speed, and beauty. My life has been enriched since I have been using Apple products. Shipping and service from Amazon, as usual is impecable. Item was received in about 2 days.
computer|Fantastic product. It was new just like the owner said! Thanks! Poor student extremely grateful!! I just couldn't find the manufacture warranty or the year of the product but I love it.
computer|I just got it yesterday and it is my new favorite thing! It was an amazing price and they shipped it to me SO quick! Thank you so much!
computer|Really like it, I'm very satisfied. It came very quickly and in good conditions. I am lovin' my new mac.
computer|i am so so so happy with my new laptop. it's exactly what i wanted, and it has all the new features and whatnot.
computer|I highly recommend it. I spent months looking for a good laptop for me and I finally found it! I asked for some advices before buying a laptop and almost everyone told me to buy a mac if I could and I did it. Now I am very pleased. Shipping was really fast
computer|I purchased this for a friend to replace her eMac. So far she has been enjoying using the laptop. She wanted it for the portability. She is really impressed with the sharpness of the display and the speed of the processor. Since she doesn't really need it for anything other than email and web surfing, she hasn't gotten into the finer things this laptop has to offer.
computer|I very much satisfied with this product. It is very slim, the track pad is very much impressed with me.
computer|Words cannot express how much I love my new Mac. I have had many, many issues with PC's in the past and I'm finally glad to have joined the Mac revolution! I would recommend this computer to everybody.
computer|i love it ... is till learning how to use it but works great and having no problem with it
computer|Purchased for our son as a Christmas gift.Perfect size. Set up was a breeze.This will be my next computer!!
computer|this laptop far exceeds other laptops on the market...took some time to adjust to the apple software as i was using microsoft...have 2 other apple products...the communication between the equipment is amazing...highly recommend apple...
computer|We have completed our transition to apple products with the MacBook and could not be happier. We have an iMac and iPhones and everything from printing to picture sharing works seamlessly every time. The MacBook is fast, easy to use and the screen resolution is beautiful...highly recommended.
computer|im satisfied with my macbook, i didnt trsut giving them 1k at first but, it was worth it. love it!
computer|This is my first Apple computer. The reason why I choose apple MacBook because of their design and the aluminum casing. I decided to go with this model instead of the retina display was because of the upgradable memories and hard drive for cheap.The MacBook right out of the box was ok. I wasn't really feeling the speed especially coming from a long time SSD user on my window. Then again my feeling was changed after a week when my new Samsung 830 SSD and 8GB of rams came in the mail. I quickly took the back cover off and installed the hard drive and ram. Reformatted it and my face just smile at start up.Now this is the MacBook I wanted it. A little expensive after the upgrades but it was worth it if you can get it for a good deals. I pretty much use this for web browsing, a little photoshop, a little video editing, and little gaming so the graphic card is good enough. Got my desktop for all the other hardcore stuff :)
computer|This is one of my favorite purchases, very eagerly awaited, all very well and very happy with the whole product.
computer|Although it is a bit different, honestly it is not that hard to get used to and the touchpad gestures make things very easy. Nothing about it that i don't love, apple always makes a great product.
computer|Actually bought the Mac for my son who is a student. He's thrilled with his new laptop. He discovered more applications on the laptop and looks forward to using them all.
computer|Contemplated due to price, but I have 2 other Macs that are over 7 years old, never turned off, rebooted on updates and maybe a few crashes at most. Love me some Mac
computer|I have given this to my wife and she is enjoying this gorgeous apple mac book. Also stunning colors and speedy
computer|It is a mac product.. meaning.. highly overpriced.. however, it is still versatile, powerful and pretty which is what MAC lovers like about apple products.. isn't it?
computer|Macs are beautiful and powerful, I bought this Mac for my production purposes. And the fact that it comes with an i5 processor definitely speeds things up
computer|It was better than I thought it would. Much different from a pc. Still is going to take some time to get used to.
computer|First off, must I say how impressed I am with this product. I am going to college next year and I needed a cheaper, quality computer for the goals I am trying to pursue. I have been working with this for a bit and it has yet failed me in any category.1) The resolution is still very high despite the lack of retina display (could not afford retina display2) You don't realize the 2.5 GHZ vs the next step up of 2.9GHZ unless you are an intense gamer and/or intense video editor3) Boots up in no time at all. I have had a couple of PC's and boy, it would take maybe 4 minutes to turn on. This takes maybe 30 seconds4) Music sounds great. Some people say it sounds "tinny," but it sounds perfectly fine to me5) Built-in apps are purely amazing. The only apps I had to get were Microsoft Word, Excel etc.6) Feels like a solid computer. Doesn't feel flimsy. The aluminum body sure makes it stand out.Overall, this computer is perfect for basically anyone in school and in normal life. PC people, don't give me excuses. Thanks.
computer|The Apple MacBook Pro 15.4 inch laptop is the best computer I have ever used in my life. It is very easy to navigate even for a novice. It has excellent speed and excellent memory. I love my Apple MacBook Pro and I give it 5 stars. By Gregg L. Friedman MD, Psychiatrist, Hallandale Beach, FL
computer|Great purchase as Apple always seems to be. Shipped very quickly and safely. Will continue to purchase amazing Apple products!!
computer|I am lucky to be able to own such an excellent laptop such as the newest version of the Apple Macbook Pro. It's GREATTTT!
computer|I love this computer! I appreciate Apple products because they are so user friendly. My husband got a new PC at the same time as I got my MacBook. I had my computer up and running in less than 20 minutes. We still haven't figured out all the things that we need to be running on the PC and its new operating system.
computer|My son introduced me to Apple products about 4 years ago and I love them. I think that they are the best out on the market. I have tried every product out there but they do not compare to Apple, i could never go back to using anything else, they are efficient fast and the best part is that the computers and laptops hardly ever get viruses.
computer|my grand children requested that specific computer because they use one at school and they have a pc at home. i of course am a patsy for the 9 and 11 year old.
computer|Love it! I get a discount on Apple products and Amazon's price beats that! As with every Apple I've ever bought (this is items 6) I've seen nothin' but quality.
computer|Fast and reliable, sleek and top-notch technololgy, light but powerful without glitches, easy to use and an excellent apple support.
computer|The MAc Book pro is an excellent product and being my first Macbook I love it ,and the packing it was received in was excellent and Black Friday deal was awesome!!Thanks!!
computer|I have been using this macbook everyday for the last month to do all sorts of things: watch videos, listen to music, surf the internet, download. There has been no problem with anything. Its performance is like stated in its specs and the battery lives up to its expectations, if not more.
computer|My experience has been most satisfying so far. I received my laptop on time (frustration free packaging was good for me) This baby is working like a dream I am completely happy with my purchase... No complaints about the condition of the Mac :)
computer|Still learning all the things that can be done with apple and unlearning windows a bit. Fast and friendly. The 15 &#34; screen and extra memory is perfect for my large volume of photos. Not cheep but worth the price. ( I still like windows as it keeps me employed -- thanks for the job Bill.)
computer|What else do you have to say, it is an Apple. I bought it for a gift and the person who got it, loves it and has had zero problems with it. Transfering files from the Windows computer to the Apple was a simple procedure.
computer|I'm lovig every moment using the macbook pro, as a matter of fact i'm writing this review on my macbook.
computer|This is my first Apple computer, and it took a bit of getting used to. Now, I'm a fan. I still use my Windows computer for some things, but Apple's operating system is definitely easier to operate.
computer|I love it. It's a good product. Mail is on time. If I need, I will visit again, give a high praise!
computer|I BOUGHT THE MAC BOOK PRO THROUGH AMAZON.IT ARRIVED ON TIME AND WELL PACKAGED.THE ONLY THING THAT CONCERNED ME WAS THE LAPTOP BATTERY WHICH RUNS OUT IN 2.5 HOURS WITH WIFI.IT WAS ALSO SHIPPED WITH AN UNKNOWN RAM .MY FRIENDS WAS SHIPPED WITH ELPIDA.BUT OVERALL GREAT TO WORK ON..IT SOMETIMES GET VERY HOT.STILL NEW I WOULD PLACE MY UPDATED REVIEW LATER.
computer|I think is the best buy I could do. A great team with wonderful benefits. I'm really happy with it
computer|It lives up to the great Apple reputation. I have experienced no problems, works as anticipated. The computer is amazing.
computer|Everything you'd expect from a Mac. It looks and feels solid, with a flawless finish. The screen definition is superb and it fires up super quick and same to close down. Only had it a few weeks but doesn't leave my side. Glad I eventually splashed out and quick delivery from Amazon to my place of work.
computer|I would recommend this product to anyone who is interested in portability with power. I am new to Mac but my workflow has been enhanced greatly.
computer|This computer is what I expected and more. I like the operating system. It is fast compared to my older Dell desktop. And I was able to transfer my files from my Dell to the Apple with no problems.
computer|creo que esta vez apple si que se la lucio con esta bella macbook pro de 13 inc!!!!! perfecT recomendada 100 x 100
computer|I have been using my Apple MacBook Pro for six months and I love it. It works great and I am so happy I bought it. It is so light and is very fast. It would be very hard to use anything else
computer|Got my MacBook very quickly and was able to practically begin using it straight from the box. It is so fast and easy to use! My 14 year old daughter already has a MacBook so she helped me get this set up and ready to use. I love it because we can share music from ITunes. We both already have IPads, so this is a great addition to our connectiveness! I highly recommend this-it's a perfect size!
computer|Selling a new MacBook Pro with a 5400 RPM hard drive is like selling a Rolls Royce with a Model T engine. The old hard drives just cannot compare with the new SSD/Flash Drive, the same things used in iPads and thumb drives. I have to wonder why Amazon is even selling this dinosaur. I just bought a Pro with the high end i7 chip, 8 GB RAM and a 512GB SSD with speeds that almost defy belief. Everything is practically instant. The same goes for my iMac which I recently upgraded with a 521GB SSD. Frankly, while I was shopping I have not seen ANY 15" Pros with less than an SSD. Obviously, they're out there but not here. BTW, Amazon's quoted retail price is the Pro with the 512GB SSD - check the Apple Store. Apple is charging a pretty penny for them. One can get a 512GB Crucial from Amazon for about $400 which is good. It cost me an extra $200 to have it installed in an iMac since I wasn't about to fool around with it.
computer|First one didn't work that I purchased from data vision out of ny . Worst place to buy anything.The new one I got from apple store is the bestI also purchased IPad mini , iMac, MacBook air... They are all great.Amazion rocks
computer|I used to have a MacBook Pro 2008 and it became slow and groggy. The investment of a new MacBook Pro came at a price, but totally worth it for a good piece of mind.
computer|It is the best computer that anyone can buy, very easy to use, very versatile. It really is very light compared to other computers. Its design is amazing, I just love all of my MAC
computer|I had not owned a laptop before because I found the mouse so hard to use compared to my desktop model. This mouse is terrific. I've not found it to slow me down at all.
computer|I looked at multiple Apple laptops and decided to purchase this one. Even though there is MBP that is thin like the MacAir, I decided to purchase the one with the CD drive that would allow me to burn images which is a must have for me. I chose this over the retina because of the price and retina is not a must have. Honestly, can ppl really see the difference between a retina and non retina? It's a beautiful laptop, I run parallel and fusion with no issues on the installed RAM. I upgraded my memory to 16gb and haven't had issues either. I just hope this expensive laptop doesn't go dead like my friends...it did last him 5 good years before it bit the dust.
computer|It is by apple so it is definitely amazing. it is really expensive though. but other than that, i am loving it!
computer|This was a gift for my nephew's high school graduation present which he loved! The product is prefect for everyone. Highly recommend purchasing this for yourself and for anyone you know.
computer|I love my new macbook pro, mountain lion is amazing!, the core i5 processor works perfectly. I will upgrade the ram myself (because with this model you can you can do it) later on. but in resume this computer rocks!
computer|I knew what I wanted when I chose this computer: lifetime, battery, the works. Of course, the obvious thing is that no product is ever perfect; I knew I'd have to sacrifice good old adobe in order to prevent having to buy spyware and what not, but in a way, its worth being more safe than sorry.Nothing wrong with this computer at all! Packaging was excellent, the tech support is friendly. Just be careful; you always have to give up some good stuff for others.
computer|The computer is perfect. It came in brand new and works perfectly. I used to use PC but after getting this Mac I am never changing back.
computer|I always wanted to buy a Mac book pro. I got this at an amazing price from Amazon and it arrived just in time. I'm loving my Mac and I recommend for anyone wanting to buy a laptop.
computer|This is The best laptop in the world. It is super fast and has outstanding graphics. It looks like your really there thats how clear it is
computer|Not much to say. I'm loving this laptop. Great design, fast, comfortable. This is my first macbook pro and think i wont go back to windows.
computer|The new MacBook Pro 13.3-Inch is Faster and with much space hard drive in a smaller and lighter laptop ever ...just lovely, totally recommended !!!
computer|I have been a loyal Mac user since 2001 & have never looked back. I bought this Mac book pro along with a new 27" iMac & while they are still light years more reliable than a PC I have noticed a decline in the reliability of my Mac computers. The problem for me has been all with memory (ram) even with the ram maxed out on both computers I every once in a while have it lock up while editing photos (professional photographer) at first I thought aperture 3 was the problem, I switched over to Lightroom and there was a noticeable improvement but the problem remains. I have brought both in for service a number of times.- there was an issue with the seal on the monitor which caused dust to get under the screen- there was a problem with the screen refusing to wake from sleep modeEvery time apple handles the problem & fixes it for free. Apple products generally work out the small issues on their own, you only get problems when it's something big. Fortunately apples customer service is great.While I had my MacBook in for service I used my husbands HP laptop (similar specs) and there were many more quirks so overall I'm still happy with my purchase - apple still beats out windows/bios systems hands down but I would be lying if I said I wasn't concerned about the seemingly obvious decrease in quality over the years. I buy a new Mac every 2-3 years for work. With the needs of a professional photographer I generally need to keep up with the best specs. I've never had a pc live longer than that. I choose to upgrade, I don't have to. My first PowerBook stillWorks!
computer|Updated from old MacBook. So much faster and sleeker looking. Very happy with this purchase, and we have no complaints.
computer|I'm a design student and also a heavy pc gamer :D This is practically oxygen for me. I would suggest this product to anyone. The shipping was fast and the price was reasonable compared to other sellers.
computer|Worths the price. Great Performance and Quality. I'm also running Windows 7 Pro and performance is still awesome. You should try it out.
computer|I have been a Windows user for a long time and have been eyeing on a Mac for past few months.I was in luck this Thanksgiving when Amazon listed this product for an unbelievable price- rather- best price anywhere.I seized the opportunity and am glad I did so..I have been using my Macbook for the past few days and am very impressed with the look and feel plus the ease of use of the laptop.My wife and I had no difficulty switching to a Mac from a PC and we love this...The product is very well designed and the attention to detail is simple awesome. I haven't used the product long enough to write a detailed technical review.Will probably find time in the near future to do so...All in all it was the best purchase of the year!!!
computer|After performing the necessary upgrades I love this thing. I added the Samsung 830 256GB SDD and replaced the superdrive with a data dubbler with a Seagate 750GB SSHD and maxed out the memory to 16GB. Runs like a champ....
computer|This is the best laptop ever, I do wish I would have tried the smaller version. this is quite smooth as well as heavy and can easily slip through the hands. Put a cover on it and is a little better but that is my only complaint. I love the Mac now it is quite improved from 10-20 yrs ago.
computer|I have owned a bunch of laptops and computers all my life;This is my very first apple- Life changed;This is by far the best ive ever owned;AWESOME! SLEEK, BEAUTIFUL, PIECE OF HEAVEN!EAST OR WEST APPLE IS DA BEST!fast, great screen, beautiful apps for a laptop;priced at 1100 on the apple website;amazon had it for 1098+ tax - plus i had a 10% off coupon from amazon-cost me 998 plus tax- 1070- OTD!AMAZON and APPLE A++++++ both ROCK!
computer|Typical apple product. Well designed and fast. This unit is being used for graphic design at our office and works well.
computer|The first one we got was defective and had to be returned. My daughter was heading back to school and needed to take it with her. Amazon rushed a new one using one day delivery at not cost to us and my daughter was able to take the computer to school. Thank you Amazon.
computer|My sister and I were very happy / satisfied with the Apple MacBook Pro she ordered. It arrived on time and is a great computer - thank you.
computer|This is such a huge improvement over my old MBP 15&#34; (2007). Speedy, sturdy and the screen may not be retina, but it's still fantastic. The ram upgrade (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B006EWUOL8/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_2) I purchased at the same time was well worth it. The battery life is pretty good too, typically lasts around 6-7 hours when I'm writing code.
computer|I bought this laptop for myself and I just love it. I purchase replacement ram and maxed it out at 16Gig. It is extremely fast and does everything you need in a computer.
computer|Got it as a present from my wife for my birthday few monts ago, and I couldn't be more satisfied.Once you get used to it if you haven't used mac before, you'll be enjoying best computer experience in your life!What is there not to like?Thin, light, pretty, quality built, awesome battery life, fast, reliable,multi touch gestures(saves so much time, so easy to organise).Not to mention software, beats Windows down to it's knees.You wont regret extra few $ spent on this, in fact we liked it so much that we decided to get another one right after.Cheers!
computer|Best computer in market, I really recomend this product to people working on music or graphic design works.... Good resolution, no anoying noises, BEST!!Take care.
computer|if yo like practicality this is the laptop for you. Small size but extremely powerful, osx mountain lion is a great OS
computer|I like the 13 inch macbooks. Its size is ideal and the weight is acceptable. The new Mac OS Mountain Lion has some nice features as wel as the trackpad. I didn't think i would need an optical drive but since i have had it I used it several times. Installed Parallels 8 on it and windows 7 and windows 8 actually works excellent (should i provoke some people and say that i find it works better than the Mac OS). The magnetic lid and charger is cool and battery indicator on the side is cool. Used my IR remote with it and was kinda glad i didn't buy the retina display or the air.
computer|Of course I'm happy with this purchase. It has justified all my expectations.I think that was a great decision to buy
computer|Bought this on sale and I'm glad i did. Already owning a iMac desktop, this Macbook Pro is amazing!! Love the migration between the 2 computers. Amazon did a great job keeping me informed throughout the shipping process. Don't hesitate buying this pro.
computer|I bought a new laptop because I thought my old G5 was on it's way out. The desktop still works (it's truly a workhorse, can't kill the thing) but now I am so enamored with this new laptop that I'm using it more than the desktop. Very powerful and so easy to use. MAC rocks!
computer|Bought this computer then added on 16GB owc ram and 240 gig owc mercury extreme pro ssd drive.The ram and ssd turn this laptop into a very fast machine.Couldn't be happier!
computer|After using a mac it blows PC away there so user friendly and easy to use pcs suck i love this thing
computer|I work for an IT department for a hospital so I know about computers. Overall a nice computer. However, I am a firm believer that they are WAY overpriced for what you get. I have been using Windows since 95 and will always be a &#34;PC&#34;, but I wanted to give Apple a try. I also use Linux so I am use to the UNIX system. The battery life is not as good as what I expected but this seems to be caused by Mountain Lion, even though there was an update to fix this. I would refer this computer to other users only if they are needing the extra power for programs and the upgrade capabilities (RAM, HDD).
computer|At first I was a little skeptical about how fast I could deal with the change from years with windows, but all I have to say is that it is so easy to use. Still learning more about it.But I would recommend keeping your windows laptop since there are things that are easier when using windows..Definitely a must have
computer|Recently decided to make the transition from PC to MAC. Wasn't sure if I was going to like it much less love it so I went to a local best buy and played around with the IOS system on a Mac Pro and it was totally unique and different. It was the change I was looking for after dealing with PC's for the last 10 years.The pro offers a wide range of options and using a MacBook Pro like a Pro also helps.I would definitely recommend getting one if you're an apple fan.
computer|This item was gifted to me as a christmas gift and I am so pleased with it! It doesnt get hot like my PC, with technology always at the tip of our fingertips anytime I forget how to do something i just google it. Easy peasy! And I must admit for drag and drop, copy and paste, and copying info from websites for reference later a normal usb wireless mouse has proven to be so completely worth it! The Office Suite for it is cheaper than the one for any PC and it is so light I carry mine around in a tote sized purse for ease of use. This is the best Christmas gift ever! I highly reccomend this for any female who thinks that MAC is a pretty computer and attends college, Especially online. I am not taking any of my classes online but I would get this product for my college student! It is such a motivator to help the student want to be and stay on the computer. Our short (Females in their early to mid 20's) ADD attention spans are hard to keep on one thing but their is so much in this computer it is almost impossible to get bored. Five stars Easy!
computer|This is my second Mac. My first one is still working great. I just updated and gave my son the original one. Apple makes the best computers in the world.
computer|Literally, it stays much cooler than my old macbook pro. The old unibody macbook pro could fry an egg after a while. Got this on black friday with a very good discount and couldn't be happier. The screen is great, I don't see the need for a retina display. I also really like the addition of the SD Card slot.
computer|I like apple products very much, I love them since the Iphone 2g and I recommend with true heart the MacBook pro to every one who needs a quality product! So thaks again Amazon hope soon enough you will be able to deliver product to Romania that is my home country. Thanks once again Todericiu Dragos Partenie
computer|Far than PCs. Worth a switch. The software works so well with the hardware as it is tightly integrated. The best in class according to me.
computer|Great computer, considering my computer savy daughter chose it. I brought another one for my other daughter and she loves it as well.
computer|An Apple is the only computer I will buy. This laptop for my daughter was on sale from Amazon and I had to jump on it because they don't usually sell for this low. But everything went great as usual and the computer is sitting right next to me as we speak. Everything went off without a problem. Price was great, Delivery was great and, as always, the service was great.
computer|I don't know why I didn't change over to mac sooner! It's so quick and responsive that it makes working/surfing on a computer so much more pleasurable!
computer|configurable a espa&ntilde;ol, potente, fluida con varias aplicaciones al mismo tiempo, los materiales de construcci&oacute;n son simplemente hermosos, el sistema operativo es muy bueno f&aacute;cil de utilizar.
computer|It's a beautiful machine and loads of newer features that I know how to use.I haven't put any of my programs on it yet. I've just been using the internetand checking out the machine itself.
computer|great deal for a used macbook pro at a a good price. in excellent shape and runs great. cam pretty quickly too
computer|What can I say? I love everything about this computer. I highly recommend it.It is well worth the listed price but I was able to find it on ecrater.com brand new not refurbished for $899.99 with free shipping. It pays to look around for the best deal.
computer|Love the MacBook Pro. Starts up in a hurry and everything is ready to go. As a student I don't know why I didn't get it on my college campus at a discounted price. Once you go Mac you'll never go back.
computer|one of our better buys, we'd do it again if the opportunity presented itself; we're very satisfied with the product
computer|Although, the Mountain Lion software takes some getting used to, this is a great laptop. It is very fast and has everything that I need except for a word program. However, that was easily taken care of by downloading a great program from Apple that does everything I need.
computer|I love apple computers. This new Apple Macbook Pro is perfect to use as we travel and still do word processing and going on the web.
computer|the Apple MacBook Pro MD101LL/A 13.3-Inch Laptop (NEWEST VERSION) is so beautiful and cool i could not ask for a better computer. the retina display display make pictures i took years ago jaw dropping. i love the looks , speed and the back light that turns on when in a dark environment for easy access to typing. apple definitely makes great product. i will recommend this product to anyone interested in a product that offers solid performance
computer|If you want this, get this!only con is the high price, but compared to other cheaper options...this is worth it.
computer|The MacBook was needed as a replacement. The product has more than met the requirements and will be well used. I would recommend this to friends and family members. Thank you
computer|The only drawback that I have found to purchasing something this expensive on line is that no one offers you any advice, any insurance, or any technical support. I have spent a small fortune buying teaching books. All you get is a box and a computer. After the computer comes, you are completely on your own to figure out everything. Because I still have a couple of Windows computers, it is easy to go running back to those. Gradually, I am getting used to the new operating system.
computer|After trying win 8; I'm glad I bought this! Plus it connects with all my other devices; so I can display it on my big screen wirelessly via Apple TV, iPad, iPad mini, and iPod touch are all in sync and if I lose or break one, its all in the cloud! From someone who was all ab PC and saying I would never own apple- I'm glad I came to my senses... And with my business, it's invaluable!
computer|I'm not reviewing the technical specifications / features of a MacBook Pro, there are thousands of websites & magazines that do that. This is my second MBP & when the apple webstore cancelled my older, Amazon came in & delivered. It came quicklly & was packed well. Been five months of intensive use & I couldn't be happier.
computer|Haven't really had much opportunity to work with this, but thus far it is great. Compared to the Windows 8 upgrade I just did getting this machine ready to go is a snap. Only took about an hour of time to load & upgrade everything I wanted initially. Try doing that with Windows. I am a former Windows person, but I am quickly moving to a MAC
computer|After doing lots of research , no other product on the market exhibited as much quality workmanship and longevity as the mbp and OSX. There was simply no way I would accept windows 8 as my next OS.
computer|No complaints with the hardware... rated 4 only because of the difficulty experienced adding components and the limited number of apps. Hardware rating alone would be 4.9 (nothing is perfect). OS score would be higher if I hadn't spent 20 years supporting other systems, after a certain point, doing &#34;everything&#34; for a user is limiting. Display is very clear - Keyboard and touchpad are very comfortable and response is great.
computer|Sweet machine, fast, light, excellent screen, boots quickly. Love the capabilities with photo software. Able to get PC files transfered over without much difficulty.
computer|Have bought several laptops in last several years and hands down this has been the best ever. Most of them were either too big, too noisy and too slow after 2 years. Mac User interface is just the best. Have used windows for years, so switching takes a little adjustments but once you get used to it, you won't feel like going back. Also, the laptop is quite, no more burnt laps, best screen display, and small additions like backlit keyboard wins your heart over. Considered MAcBook Air also before buying this Pro, but glad bought the Pro, because I didn't fancy carrying a bunch of adapters, separate DVD player etc.....Honestly didn't see too much difference visually between this screen and the retina display, so didn't fancy paying that much premium for retina, others may fancy that, I didn't.Compared other ultrabooks like Zenbook and the price were very comparable but none of them carry the reputation of Mac, so stuck with MacbookOnly thing I dislike is that everything for Mac is expensive but I guess you pay for quality!
computer|I decided to buy a few notebooks for my nephews for Xmas. I bought this one for my 11 year old and the MacBook Air for my 9 year old. The Air is my favorite for traveling since it is under 3lbs. The Pro however may be better suited for older kids with an included CD/DVD drive and burner. Since my nephews are young, I wanted small notebooks that could take a beating and they had to be 5 star quality but not too expensive. The Apple notebooks fit the requests and the nephews could not be more happier. If you are planning on a notebook in 2013 for your child, the majority of kids want Macs and with Apple making them affordable at $1100 each, the MacBook Pro and MacBook Air are the way to go.
computer|Being I'm in Europe at the moment I have yet to see it but I had my friend open it up to make sure everything was in order and I was assured it was flawless and a wonderfully built machine. Luckily for me it will be in my hands as soon as his plane lands in two weeks. Amazon delivered in 2 days and that's with my order being placed on New Years day. Always satisfied.
computer|Being a Mac fan this is a biased review however I still want to point out the obvious features of this system compared to others.Great OS and hardware combinationalthough its an apple product, some hardware can still be upgraded.APT-X codec provided that pairing bluetooth device has the codec as wellGreat Battery lifelightweight compared to othersstylish as aesthetically pleasing
computer|Everything I wanted in a laptop. Incredible graphics and brilliant colors. I like the smaller version as I travel a lot and have seen those poor souls with the 15 or even 17 inch screens. Felt even sorrier for the passenger next to them.
computer|This laptop has a really bright screen and it has a very clear screen. The keyboard letters light up. You can even change how bright the letters are. (cool!). Also it is not huge. Perfect for carrying everywhere. I highly recommend this laptop! :)
computer|I have all apple products in my home . I bought this for this for my teenage daughter who will be going to college in September . She loves it .
computer|Well, my first apple computer and I am impressed. Works well, fast and no reboots. Waiting to install MS Office and see how it goes from there. Have always been a PC guy, but decided to try Apple. Glad I did so far.
computer|I'm so happy I got this instead of another PC. Even though I could have gotten a pc twice the speed for the same price I still think there's nothing like a Mac. The operating system works so great that I think it makes up for a lot of the the slower hardware that the Mac has compared to Pc's. Overall I would recommend this product to anyone.
computer|First of all, I'm a forever Mac user. It's been time for a new laptop, and the only debate was which size of the Mac laptops, and whether to spring for the retina display. For my needs (I also have a desktop), the 13&#34; is very adequate. The display is already extremely good, so didn't feel I needed to pay the $ for retina. I also looked seriously at the Macbook Air. I need the camera card slot (not available on the Air), and I'm not ready to give up the DVD drive yet. And again, the price difference is significant. My Macs have always been extremely reliable, virus free, and easy to use. This is no exception.
computer|Before this MacBook Pro, I had been using PC for years....I'm still not sure which is better. So far I don't like the fact that icloud doesn't have function of uploading pix of iphone.
computer|All i got to say is i freaking love this mac its everything i wanted and more!!!! great price free shipping what else can i ask for!! runs great and works magic
computer|This was my entry into the world of apple. I was a PC guy forever because it was what was at school and work. I finally made the leap after my Gateway crapped out on me. I use this computer for school, work, and leisure. I am now an Apple guy for life. Amazing quality build and equally amazing software. I own apple everything now. Even use the phone as my GPS on my motorcycle. But I manage it all with this little laptop. I truly cannot say enough about it. If your on the fence...jump over.
computer|The MBP was in PERFECT condition. There were no scratches or dents or any marks at all. Came very well packaged... one problem is that for some reason i cannot upgrade my iPhoto as it says i have to use the apple id i purchased it with... i am, and it still doesnt work.!? Even they guys at the GeniusBar said this is an awesome buy for being &#34;Used&#34;!
computer|Talk about Apple products is to talk about excellence, innovation, design, simplicity, utility. It's a powerful portable device like no one.
computer|Ok im not a real technology geek but i do know a lot about this computer and i must say it is amazing and by the way i have the newest version that came out a week ago with retina display and it is fast and it does things no other computer can do it brakes the barrier between computer and art. this thing can do anything and i do mean anything this thing is amazing my life is more organized loving apple more than ever right now and will be for a very long time. if you are looking into other computers no that whatever you look at remember apple is 1000 times better, and this computer will do things better than any computer this thing is fast beautiful clean and sleek with a amazing screen my pictures are more beautiful than ever and this computer has a amazing editing system for pictures and almost everything else. It has a amazing key board because it is back lit with fiber optics plus the sound system is so amazing it sounds better, crisper ,and louder than any computer out there and well i guess you pay for this but it is worth it and iTunes is really the worlds best computer. this also has a amazing track pad and don't get me wrong i used to use a mouse for ever but now i use this and i will never go back it is amazing and i will never go back and yes it is worth repeating twice. All of the features in this computer are top of the line and the materials like pure aluminum casing this is truly remarkable that they could put this into a computer and i promise you will like it and apple is so responsive if you have any questions they are there for you promise. this computer is really great but here is just a suggestion get the 13 inch one because the 15 inch is a little to big and i now this because my friend has a 15 inch and they wish they got the 13 inch like me but they still love it and this is still awesome to so don't get me wrong this is a great computer to. All I haft to say is go with this computer and don't regret it because it is awesome.
computer|this by far is the best purchase i have made. excellent in every way. love it! you get what you pay for. you can get a regular lap top cheaper but have fun paying to remove all the viruses in time.
computer|excelent,got my 2 new apple macbooks pro, they are just awesome, waiited 3 years to renew my old macbook, and so far everything its fine with this one, no problems at all. packing and everything was perfect
computer|I Love this laptop not as hard to learn like what i imagine before. Hopefully it can be my best friend for a longer time :)
computer|Siempre he tenido Mac y esta en especial tiene buen prosesador, yo trabajo con Logic Pro y Final Cut y anda muy bien con ambos programas, Estoy muy contento con la compra. No trae disco de arranque cosa que me sorprendio.
computer|Its everything mac offers. Nice packing. Only one cycle of charge!I love it.............................................................................
computer|The same computer, when from Amazon, it's just cheaper and delivered faster than any other online retailers.I typically can save 10% by shopping at Amazon.Have been using the computer over 1 month, have not noticed any problem, I did upgrade to 8 GB memory and a SSD myself, can not speak about the original build though.
computer|Fast processor, super stable operating system with MAC OS X, installing Parallels 8 gives you the ability to run both Mac OS and Windows (as long as you buy the Windows OS). Being a PC user for many years to switch to a Mac I will not go back. Now I have an Apple and a PC in one unit. Very well built and solid, all metal, awesome display, using Photoshop on this is incredible. I also got the time capsule and everything automatically backs up. The server is easy to setup and use and have the whole family able to log into a home network. Touch pad is neat, Magic Mouse is awesome too.
computer|I've always been an apple fan boy, but never had the money to buy a mac, only ipads and iphones, and this is my first mac, blew me away completely. LOVE IT &#60;3
computer|I bought this for music production and now i use it for everything, i use to use windows but now i just use the macbook as my desktop by using the thunderbolt port and take it with me when i go somewhere. its by far faster and more stable then my PC. I use pro tools, logic and Live and my PC would barely handle them and freeze up every 5 minutes. My mac has never once since i got it, its got sluggish but only because i had about 25 things open. i could never do that on my PC. And with the program Crossover i can install window applications to my mac the program cost about 50 bucks. and this mac will last a lot longer then my old PC, i can upgrade the RAM in a few years and be fine. i know people that use macs from 2005 and they still run like new.Pros:Size- Very portable, it fits in a backpack with enough room for 4 booksBattery Life- i only charge it once a day most of the timeBacklit keyboard is a life saverCons:Only 2 USB ports but i just use a hub when i need tooScreen can feel small at timesOverall its a nice and well built laptop i will be using it for a long time
computer|I bought this machine during the Black Friday sale and got a pretty good price. Despite the Thanksgiving holiday period, it arrived on-time. What can I say about the Macbook Pro itself? Get one - you just haven't functioned until you have.
computer|I got this one for thanks giving Offer for $962 :). It was wonderful deal for the wonderful product. Just loving It
computer|Great price and great laptop, easy to use and I would recommend it to everyone. Not super light but still a good one.
computer|this is my firts apple product and i love it. Its perfect, not much heavy. The baterry is very longer.
computer|I was looking between different combinations of Dell and Apple. I found it toughest to decide between Dell ultra books and Apple. There is nothing wrong in Dell but I preferred Apple 13.4&#34; Display 500 GB Hard Drive, 4 GB memory and Intel Core i5 Processor (3rd gen).. This is best laptop.Advantages:1. Although there is a small learning curve for Mac OS to get some hands on - but as I am familiar with Linux I am very comfortable with Mac OS... this is the only thing I see difficult with Mac Book .... and this is advantage in other sense coz you will be amazingly in a new world of OS and features...... and even if you are too restricted to MS Windows, you still can have partitions and Windows installed virtually or through boot camp... with all native speed...2. Macs never crash... I never see any application taking too much to respond and going nasty ....and same applications I saw going goofy on my other laptop which carries Windows with similar hardware.3. There are no issues at all with internet security and virus attacks... I don't even have any anti-virus ...4. If you are restricted to Word processing applications like MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, you can have MS Office on Mac just in $119... but if you are not restricted but still want this capability, Open-office can solve all your problems...5. You can make Mac virtually same as Windows if you are Microsoft fan.... I am also Microsoft fan and doing the same....6. Incredible display, laptop size and weight.... great battery backup...7. accept trusted content only e.g. tools, software etc.8. No other brand has touch pad like Mac .... you don't even need lot of keys from keyboard or mouse when you have MacBook touch pad with youDisadvantages:1. Cost is more as compared to other brands. Other brands can come with higher configurations in same cost.... but Mac is Mac2. learning curve for OS and other features3. less free stuff compared to other communities... accept programs from trusted developers only
computer|I chose this product for their exellent craftsmanship and fame of apple. I only have apple products because, they are very reliable and dependable.
computer|This product the best. and the company always ontime..thanks for be honest. I really appreciate that and next time I going to purchase more item.
computer|This laptop has five stars written all over it. As a professional graphic designer, I love how fast and sleek it is! It runs the Adobe programs wonderfully and is super user friendly. I highly recommend this computer for its quality and appearance! And Amazon's price beats any place we've looked!
computer|I choose a five-star rating because that's what it deserves. Everything that it said it would have and do when I purchased it, was met satisfactorily. I am tired of seeing the fake bad reviews and the fake good ones. I am an average customer giving this product a high recommendation for anyone seeking a quality laptop.
computer|After 25 years living in the PC world, and having my last notebook only lasting 6 months, I decided to go to the dark side and purchase a Mac. The battery life is excellent, the display is excellent, and downloading apps is a breeze. I would recommend this to any one.
computer|It actually worked better than expected the graphics are wonderful it's not heavy and it really helps with technical drawing
computer|Overall a good laptop, not great. Strong build though which really adds to its durability. Girlfriend dropped the laptop while using it from around 4 feet, the glass cracked, but the screen was still in tact. I would have to say that's a big pro.
computer|excellent product to have for your personal useI love itThis fastest laptop I haveeasy to usehassle free
computer|Product is excellent so far. I recommend this to anyone. If you love this product, I recommend that you get an external shell to product the body of the machine
computer|I use this for graphic design and video editing the performance is better than any PC I have ever owned. I have been very pleased with this computer. Overall great product. Price made me hesitant but in the end you get what you pay for well worth the money.
computer|All is well...very satisfied with the performance and everything else. I will not go back to a regular PC. Thanks Amazon.
computer|I had never considered buying a Mac because of the high price. However, after having several other Apple devices over the years and enjoying the lack of errors and problems with the devices and the OS's, I gave it more consideration as I approached buying my very first laptop (after having over 20 years experience on desktop PC's). I saved about $300 buying it on Amazon rather than elsewhere (no sales tax, big discount and $3.99 overnight shipping with Prime). The machine is brand new and it came installed with the Mountain Lion OS.The screen is excellent, it boots up fast. USB 3.0 is very fast. The trackpad works far better than I had anticipated. The gestures are amazing. The OS is very different than Windows, but is not hard to navigate. I store my regular 'Work in Process' documents on Dropbox, so those were a cinch to pull over. I still have to migrate my pictures and music to the machine. All of my bookmarks in Safari that I created over the years on the iPad pulled over seamlessly. The integration with my other Apple products via iCloud is outstanding.Everything from the box, the instructions, initial setup, downloading and installing software, the navigation of the OS....it all has a consistent and polished look. Before i bought this I felt like I was getting the 'low end' laptop from Apple. After using it for a few days I am in awe of the performance and design. The screen is the perfect size and everything pops on it. It is very thin and quiet! I haven't heard a fan yet. This is money well spent. Thanks!Update 1: I upgraded my RAM to 8 gigs and this laptop is blazing fast!!! I can't believe it had the impact that it does. If this machine continued to run just like it does now, I won't need to upgrade for years to come. I used the Crucial brand and recommended specs so I don't screw with the warranty.
computer|My new laptop is great. It has so much more speed and the screen is very sharp. Downloads are real fast compared to my netbook, no comparison. I have to admit that the operating system is different and does take time to learn but I like it. I would recommend it to anyone.
computer|I purchase the Macbook Pro 13.3-Inch Laptop about a week ago and the experience has been great. I was a little worry at first because I don't have a lot of experience with os.x and windows has always been second nature to me after many years of using windows. For anybody that feels like switching from windows to apple let me tell you that it took me a couple of days to get used to this operating system but now I love it. First of all, the trackpad on the Macbook Pro is easy to use and after you learn all the gestures to use the trackpad you will see that this is a great way to use you computer. The computer itself is very well built and the keyboard is great to type on for a long period of time. Lastly, bootcamp is one of the main reasons I switch to Macbook Pro because you can run window 7 or any windows operating system you want on your Macbook Pro.
computer|Best laptop ever. Versatile light, a little expensive but 100 times more reliable than a Windows PC. Has never given me any problems I have owned 3, unlike windows which has given me hardware and software issues. Is easily upgradable I have 16gb Ram and 240gb SSD( by the way it screams fast). Is capable of running windows( parallel, or fusion) for those not familiar with OSX. Stunning resolution, with a viewing angle that does no have to be adjusted every time you change direction. Sleek and stylish, fast, and reliable. Definitely worth the investment.
computer|Love it, no complaints at all. This item is a beautiful piece, it works well, it is easy to carry and handle. Glad I bought it
computer|After limping along for a couple of years, I retired the old Mac Mini and MacBook to keep up with new software. Realizing that I use the desktop computer most of the time but need a portable only on occasion, I chose the basic MacBook Pro. It operates in closed clamshell mode, so it's out of the way, and---unlike the MacBook Air---it has all the necessary ports to function as a desktop computer. It connects to all of my existing hardware: 19-in. LCD monitor (Mini DisplayPort-to-DVI adapter purchased separately); external storage device; printer/scanner; keyboard/mouse; speakers/headset. Since I use the laptop screen so infrequently, I passed on the additional expense of Retina Display.
computer|I bought this rather than the lighter Air because I'd read reviews about how the Air would not hook up to a video projector. It's a solid machine, works as advertised, but is heavy and lacks the aesthetic punch of Apple's other products: the Air, iPhone, iPad and even the Mac.
computer|Macbook Pro is a great machine, People you need to get one soon., you will love it, The best laptop
computer|What else is there to say about it. I also bought an 8GB Crucial memory upgrade for this and have never looked back, what an amazing piece of hardware!
computer|My only disappointment with this laptop was that it came with a loose keyboard key. The nearest Mac store is over an hour away which is why ordered the laptop online. However, I'm now going to have to make the trip to the store anyways to get the key fixed. The warranty should cover the repair, otherwise I would have sent the laptop back for a replacement. It seems like better quality control (a quick look over before sending a product out) would help avoid irritating situations like this.
computer|This is my first Apple laptop, finally!!! I bought it here on Amazon, since the price was substantially better than anywhere else;) I got the base model, as I wanted to upgrade it myself after the purchase. My current configuration has 16GB RAM and 256GB+512GB SSDs inside. It boots up in 7-8 seconds, rather than 42 secs as in the base configuration when I got it. Can't complain;)I got used to the OS X fairly easily, absolutely love the trackpad and gestures, the single best feature to me!!! I also installed a version of Win7 through Parallels Desktop 8, just in case, but use it only sporadically, if at all... Mine main uses are just basic browsing, downloading, watching movies, tv shows, listening to music, syncing my iPad and iPhone and light photography apps: Lightroom 4.2, Aperture. For this, i5 dual core CPU is fine, didn't see a need to spend extra for i7 and 15.4". I really wanted only 13.3" laptop (I upgraded from Dell XPS M1330) and that's more than enough for me as I also have an external 24" IPS LCD NEC monitor. So far, I love it!!! Go get one, too;)
computer|This is the first time i ever bought anything Apple related, so i was kind of skeptical, but i love it! Its fast, easy to use and it looks great. I love the hand motions you use to complete actions, it just makes things so much easier. I take it to work, and because it's super light, its hardly a hassle. I will definitely be getting another one after this one gets old. This was a great investment!
computer|I was hesitant to take the plunge and go from a PC to a Mac. I was thinking &#34;it's so expensive&#34; &#34;I could buy two PCs for the price of one Mac&#34;. I wish I would have taken the plunge years ago. This computer is so quick, easy to use, and so much better than any PC I have had. If you can afford it, buy it. I know you won't regret it.
computer|I love love love this computer. I'm an apple guy so I have iPhone iPad I shuffle G4 G5. So I know how the systems work. I will always buy apple!!! Love em
computer|I love this little guy. It's fast, light, and simple to use. Highly recommended for the college kid or anyone else looking for a great computer.
computer|I purchased this Macbook for my daughter's birthday. I saved about $100 plus tax ordering on Amazon and since I have prime, it arrived overnight for just $3.99 more. Great job Amazon. You save me lots of money from the standard brick and morter stores.
computer|I waited a week to write this glowing review because I wanted to make sure the MacBook Pro was great. It is! I was able to make an informed decision to make the purchase because of the complete details provided in the product review. Of course the laptop is for my daughter whose original laptop was stolen so I was not excited about the prospect of purchasing a replacement. This particular purchase was an exceptionally good choice for the MacBook MD103LL/A runs cooler than my daughter's previous MacBook Pro. I will have to investigate the limited warranty advertised good through Sept 2013. It is not an easy decision to purchase a used or even good as new laptop but I am very satisfied. The new MacBook Pro MD103LL/A runs cooler than her previous MacBook MC371LL/A 15.4 purchased in May 2010.
computer|I basically love this Macbook Pro. I had a 2011 iMac 21.5-inch before and sold it to get this laptop. I didn't make a mistake selling my iMac, this is even better than the iMac was. I ordred it at 6:00PM and I got it at 10:00AM next day. It is the best purchase I made this year. I be purchasing a separate monitor to connect this Macbook Pro to through, the screen is a bit small.
computer|This device has met my expectations and I'm sure it will meet yours. So if yu want this laptop then yu will be
computer|A wonderful product!!!Excelent performance, usability, presentation and time response.The MacBook is a very nice.All that I need on a computer.
computer|I bought this computer for photography purposes. I needed a laptop with big storage, a nice screen and fast so I can photoshop without any problem. It suits me perfectly for what I need and I'm very satisfied with this purchase.I don't give it the 5 starts because of the weight factor. It's quite heavy so I try to never move it around. I guess that if you need it more as a stationary computer, it'll be alright. Bought this one instead of the air because of the storage. And besides you can watch movies with any DVD ;) which you can't do on an air laptop.I don't know about the other technical facts, but for an average user like myself, you won't be disappointed if you get this laptop as long as you don't have to carry it around too much.
computer|At first I was quite nervous about buying it, because I've always bought computers from other brands that had Windows system, and I thought that Mac may have a system difficult to work with. But I was completely wrong, this computer is UNBELIEVABLE amazing and easy to use. I highly recommended. :)
computer|Hello I have received my macbook pro two days ago and I absolutely love it!! I Have been a Pc user for a very long time now but I will get used to this new OS. I am an Animator, Music Director, And A Computer technician. But I mostly do my work on my Mac (editing, creating, and directing). I have no problems yet on my mac so far, and hope it stays like that. I really love the Super Drive, and the two USB's 3.0 features they really help me out a lot. I would Definitely Recommend this computer to people who are looking for good software for video, music, and Pictures. I still don't say that I am a Mac.
computer|MacBook Pro arrived in the mail yesterday dead on arrival. Won't charge, won't start. Datavision (Amazon's reseller - you're not getting it straight from Amazon) informed me that I could take it to a local Apple Store for a "replacement," which is simply incorrect. An Apple Store would attempt to repair this same unit under warranty. My other option was to mail it, insured, AT MY OWN EXPENSE, back to Datavision for an exchange.Extremely disappointed both with the product and the experience buying it from Amazon. I advise buying direct from Apple or choosing a different authorized reseller than Amazon's "Datavision" retailer.Anyway, I've elected to have the Apple Store attempt to repair the unit. I may update the review as the adventure progresses.UPDATE 1/10/13! The Apple Store sent it off under warranty, and it returned in just a couple of days with a new logic board and magsafe (power charger) component in the laptop.SCREEN -Noticeably brighter than my 2006 matte screen MacBook Pro. I was worried about the glossy, reflective screen, but inside at least it's perfect. I have yet to attempt to use it outside. No dead pixels. Great color. No issues.PERFORMANCE, HEAT & NOISE -Very fast. The 2.6 GHz processor, 8 MB of RAM and the 1 gig NVidia 650M graphics card all make a zippy machine. I also like the fact that it has an additional on-board graphics card, and automatically switches between the two as needed to extend battery life and reduce heat output. Overall, runs much, much cooler than my 2006 MacBook Pro.The traditional magnetic hard drive suits my needs just fine - no need for an expensive SSD. This machine lets me edit large photos in Photoshop CS5 quickly and easily, with little to no delay in rendering.The hard drive is very quiet. The optical drive machinery makes more noise than I expected when it takes in a disc, but it reads CDs/DVDs quietly and effectively once it gets started.BODY -The unibody construction really does feel lot more solid than Apple's previous laptops. The screen hinge works well and appears durable.OVERALL RECOMMENDATION -4/5. It's a great machine. Get it if you can afford it. Buy it from Amazon direct, not from another reseller.Why not 5/5? Mine arrived with a dead logic board and no ability to charge the battery--a $2,000 brick. The Apple warranty got it repaired for free in just a couple of days, however. I bought AppleCare and would not be surprised if other parts need replacement over the next three years, just as my previous MacBook Pro had its logic board, topcase, hard drive, battery, and optical drive replaced through Applecare. Apple seems to periodically have bad batches of logic boards, but according to the other customer reviews on Amazon I just got a lemon and the vast majority work perfectly.
computer|I have always preferred Windows to Mac, but now that i actually have one i really like the mac. This computer does everything i need it to do for school and more. Very fast compared to the Dells i've always had and very nice display. I love the gestures that the trackpad has. They make the computer so much easier to use compared to other computers and the operating system is very good. i still love the windows operating system but the operating system for this computer is just amazing. The only issue i have with this computer is the price of it but it is worth it especially if you need something that is good for school.
computer|Great product. The macbook pro 13 inch with i7 and 8gb ram is much better that the previous 2 models which had the i7 processor. The fan is very quite and the machine impresses me every time I do some photoshop or video editing work.
computer|I have bought 3 Mac Books in 4 years for my personal use.The first Mac Book had a screen problema and it had to be replacedThe second a Mac Book Pro and third a Mac Book Air had tons of problems.Apple never changes the computer and you will repair it forever until you realice this is trash,Both of these where lemon computers......Apple does not notify customers of manufacturers defects. If you get a lemon (I have two thirds of my Macs), you have to send it in for repairs several times before they will replace it, even if they have numerous problems with the same version of their computers. Their repair people sometimes keep a computer for many weeks, before returning it..I've been a faithful Apple Mac customer, but have decided never to buy one again..Apple does not honor the warranty
computer|I am usually a fan of all things Amazon. They really screwed the pooch on this one. I ordered a new macbook and I got a used macbook, packaged in the very box that they originally sent to &#34;Kim Nguyen&#34;. When I turn on the computer, the log-in reads &#34;Kim Nguyen&#34;. A shipping label to &#34;Kim Nguyen&#34; is super-lamely covered up on the box. If you're going to try to sell me used merchandise as new, at least use a new box Amazon.Do you want to pay full-price for an obviously used computer? Me neither.I may be ending my consumer relationship with Amazon forever after this. Gross, nasty and shenanigans!
computer|Mac computers are the greatest! It's awesome knowing that I can sit down and do my homework online with no popups, no virus, and no distractions. I have had my computer for about four years now and never have had any problems with it. I loved it so much that I decided to get a Mac Book Pro, which is a laptop. Again, no popups or any type of distractions when I'm really trying to focus on line. My laptop is so light that I can take it with me anywhere. The battery life is amazing. I feel like I can be on it all day long without it being plugged into an outlet. It has a perfect size screen and many different USB plug ins so I can always have my phone charging or a hard drive plugged in. It allows me to download any apps that I might need for school or just to have for my personal life. I would recommend a Mac to anyone that is looking for a laptop.
computer|I am a PhD student, and I need my computer to handle everything from Photoshop to Pymol, and LaTEX to InDesign, and this notebook works perfectly. The battery lasts as advertised (give or take 15-20 minutes), and the entire user experience is very elegant. I like the little quirks of the latest operating system as well (full screen mode!). I had a Powerbook G4 11.6&#34; before, and that little beast lasted nearly 6 years (one battery change, RAM upgraded later), and the build quality on that computer was awesome. I mean I accidentally dropped it multiple times, had minor spills on the keyboard, and it still went strong. Finally, it was slowing down considerably last year, and the fan noise kept getting louder, so I was looking for a new laptop. I have always been a fan of Apple laptop's build quality, and the friendliness of the operating system. I am a proficient user of Windows as well, but I always find that the hardware manufacturers always let the operating system down. I compared the quality of Sony Vaio 15&#34; S series computer at a local Microsoft Store (with Signature), and though the prices for both the Mac and Sony Vaio were very similar, the overall computing experience was far superior on a Mac.I have used this computer for quite a while now, and this computer works very well. No glitches, no hang-ups - nothing but smoothness. I highly recommend this computer to any new buyer. Once this laptop has served its purpose (a few years time, perhaps), I will definitely stick with Macs. I am definitely eyeing the Mac 13.3&#34; with Retina Display.
computer|I like the way this computer is set up. I am used to computers with windows so I am having a little difficulty finding my way around. Once I learn how to navigate I am sure I will love it.
computer|The Macbook Pro is the premier choice for designers on the go, as well as people who generally need more oomph than the Air provides. I would say that 85% of the design industry is Mac for good reason. When you work on a PC with design software, it goes kerplunk. Yes. Still. After all these years.Why not the air?Unless you are between 2 and 4 years old, weight just isn't as big of an issue as people and Apple make it out to be.In the real world, performance is the bigger bang for the buck, especially if you install an SSD or hybrid drive in it. Oh, by the way, yes. You can upgrade it. want to upgrade an Air? Too bad. Tough nuts. No way. Sorry Charlie.I would rate the 13" macbook pro as 4 star simply because of the integrated graphics card. Other than that, it's aces.More good news is the resale value is on pretty much all Macs is so high. You can spend $$$ on a mac, and 3 years later still get $$. Better yet, run it for 8 YEARS! (Like my last macbook) You can easily with no degradation in performance (unlike PCs which die a slow death as windows "evolves").All in all, I highly recommend this Mac.
computer|The last time I remember using a Mac was back in 8th grade. It's been so long since I've touched a Mac until now. I got sick of my PC laptop keeping giving me issue, so instead of buy another PC, I'd decided to switch over to Mac.First impression, it feels so "fluid" when using it compare to PC. Everything just runs too smooth! One thing I do notice a difference was the keyboard layout, they're a bit spread out from one key to the next. For PC laptop, their keys seems to be so close to one another! This will be new for me to adopt to. Other than that, I decided to upgrade the memory to 8GB from Amazon. If you're into photo/video editing, I suggest you to do this, other than that it won't be necessary if you use this just to run basic things (music, browse, YouTube, typing).Its not even a week, and all I can say from 10+ years of using PCs is that it's totally worth it. Very durable and great product to invest in over the time!
computer|I have used many different types of laptop over that past 10 years. I have had a total of 5 different laptop from many different manufactures. This is my first Apple laptop and it is pure awesome. It does everything that I need it for for school. The build quality of this product is above and beyond what I have been used to on Windows laptop. The operating system OS X mountain lion is every easy to get used to.
computer|We got the Apple MacBook Pro 13.3 to replace an aging iMac. The iMac is still functioning for the kids and still works great after 8 years. The issue is we can no longer upgrade to the newest version of OSX thus we don't get the benefits of the new features. The new MBP offers great portability and gives us confidence that we are not going to need to purchase a new laptop in 18 months. Something we did often when we purchased Windows based laptops.Apple OSX is simple to use and has a more enjoyable and intuitive interface than the new Windows 8. I'm not saying it's for everyone but it's a great solution if you want a simple to use device that you know won't be at the end of it's life cycle in a couple of years.Pros-Great functionality-Integration with iCloud and many of the apps you use on an iPad and iPhone.-Log battery life even with wifi on and streaming movies via netflix-Very durable unibody case-Still has an optic drive-Mag Safe power cord is a nice touch-Intel i5 processor works very well-The chicklet keyboard is AWESOME!-The single best function is the backlit keyboard. There is nothing worse than trying to work on a plane and not being able to see the keys without an overhead light that blinds you.-The track pad is incredible. I'm a person that will not use a laptop without a mouse. I just don't like trackpad's because they never work right. That is until now. I can easily use the Apple Track Pad without any issues and now I don't even travel with a mouse. My bag just got a little lighter. I do however like the Apples Magic Mouse but I really don't need it.-It just works. We found that out when our new MBP found all the office and home printers, installed drivers and started working with no effort on our part.Cons-Heavy compared to Ultrabook laptopsRecommendations: I would definitely recommend 8 Gigabytes of RAM. Just because the processor is a 64bit architecture and can efficiently utilize the RAM. I wouldn't by the factory RAM just because it's expensive. Amazon has a nice selection of RAM from various suppliers that will work. We went with the Corsair Vengeance 8GB (2x4GB) DDR3 1600 MHz (PC3 12800) Laptop Memory (CMSX8GX3M2A1600C9).If you have never installed RAM in a Mac Laptop go out on YouTube and watch a couple of videos. It's very easy to do but it's nice to have someone walk you through it first to get a little confidence.
computer|Have been using Windows laptops for my entire life. So, I thought why not give Mac Book pro a try. From the time I opened the box, I am truly amazed by the built quality and screen. I had a misconception that switching from Windows to Mac is tough, but it's really not that bad. I am loving my new Mac Book.Pros:-Amazing design and built quality.-Awesum screen-Extremely good back-lit keyboard.Cons:- A bit higher price tag (which is really worth).- Switching from Windows to Mac may take some time.
computer|I'm Not exagerating when I say this computer is perfect..i It is!! It's small but powerful, light but strong, elegant and beautiful... In resume: it's a Mac! I recomend it without any doud!
computer|Although, when I upgraded from a mid 2009 macbook, I thought that it would be 10 times faster, but it isn't. But I recommend. For the windows users, the MacOs is a good reason to change.
computer|Bough this product a while back and so far no problems. With no problems, I'm happy with this purchase because I saved money compared to buying it anywhere else.
computer|I've been looking to purchase a new laptop for the past year. During that time I zeroed in on the 13.3" MacBook Pro and finally took the plunge of owning my first Apple product. Initial impressions are what most people describe, excellent build quality, very good screen resolution(non-retina), quick boot up, and intuitive controls. Instead of ridding my hard drive of unwanted garbage that has no use and uses up valuable resources(i.e windows) I'm off surfing the web in literally minutes after taking this product out of the box. It's fluid, lag-free, whisper quiet, and just so easy to do whatever you choose to do with it. I would recommend this product to anyone who's looking for a solid, performance oriented laptop. It's great resale value only adds to it's long list of attributes.
computer|Outstanding computer, but a bit heavy. I haven't tried the one with retina display... Maybe in the future. Now, this one serves me perfectly
computer|I'm a PC/Windows tech and have wanted to learn MACS for some time now. I finally decided on this one and couldn't be any happier. Note that I purchased a used model from the Amazon Warehouse store and saved a significant amount of money. I was a little worried about this but this thing is in PERFECT shape. Not a scratch or mark on it. Looks and runs like it's brand new.PROS: Fast, stable, great battery life, and easy/fun to use.CONS: None as of yet.
computer|I have always loved Mac, and I found that it was time to upgrade from my MacBook to one that was more robust (2.9GHz processing power). The performance is definitely superior to any computer I've ever put my hands on.So why 99% instead of 100? Well, I use my MacBook Pro a lot to record audio. The description said that the headphone jack also doubled as an audio input, and that it could be reversed in system preferences. But guess what? ... Not true! To my dismay, I have been unable to use the audio port as an input, despite Apple having advertised it as such. I searched online to figure out what I was doing wrong, and lo and behold, everyone is having the same problem. (FYI, this problem is apparently exclusive to OSX Mountain Lion)However, since the problem appears to be software related, I am hopeful that Apple will release a fix soon. Apart from my frustration over the false advertising in that area, I am otherwise satisfied.
computer|Excellent quality product from Apple as always! Premium price for the OS more than anything else. My last Macbook lasted 5 years and still running but is slow, would like to see how long this one lasts.
computer|It's a great notebook and is very portable. It's also very pricey but you just have to tell yourself it's an investment and that it's gonna last you a long time.
computer|VERY GOOD PRODUCT - NOW I CAN REALLY WORK BECAUSE I HAVE A GOOD MACBOOK AND IT FITS PERFECT ON MY BACK PACK
computer|WOW, What a wonderful purchase! I am so addict to this laptop. I even finished my homework earlier than the due day for the first time because I am so enjoying to type words on this laptop.
computer|This is my first MacBook, loved the display size, 4GB RAM seemed to be a little less, so ordered a 16GB RAM from Amazon which costed me $92.2 with tax.Have created an unboxing video for the mac book pro i ordered from amazon and is available on you tube.Search for - " Apple MacBook Pro MD101LL/A 13.3-Inch Laptop - UnBoxing (2013 Non Retina) " uploaded by Chinmay
computer|Pros: Fast CPU. Upgradeable to 16GB Memory. We also remove the Superdrive and put a 750GB Seagate Momentus XT (Hybrid) Drive in the machine. Performance is great for iOS development and running Windows for essential stuff under bootcamp, or fusion.Cons: Screen resolution. Apple should provide either 1080p or retina display. Should be possible in today's market because LCD's have gotten cheaper. They dont move with the times. the non-retina MBP models have stagnated for too long.
computer|Well...I finally saw the light. I keep asking myself every day how could anyone go back to Windows based systems after experiencing the MacBook Pro. Unless they have a gun to their head of course.It's just awesome!!!! ( multiply that awesome by 15 ).I never used a mac before. Not more than five minutes until I got mine. I've been using computers since 1998-2000.Primarily a web/e-commerce systems designer and developer and linux administrator, I've never had anything better in my life. Yes I longed for it for a long time but could not get it because of price. A project finally availed me the opportunity and I keep asking myself every day even now as I work in bed, How in God's holy name did I survive without this ? I was suffering without knowing it. Plane simple.I did have issues with internet connection the first five days. But that was my router and I since solved it with &#34;connectify me&#34;Save money for a mac. It's worth every Dime. I give that advice to every colleague and employee I have every since. Its worth every Penny. Every kobo. not sure what else to say. there's just nothing like it.
computer|I bought this to use with a Presonus board and Toon Track Easy Drummer for our worship team. I've been a PC guy from the start - but experiencing the quality (a METAL case - not plastic - METAL!) and the ease of use, my next laptop will be a MAC - I hate to admit it!
computer|Always love the way the Mac works. The best part was transferring files from one to another. Connected them to the network, and everything transfers, files, settings, programs. It was beautiful.
computer|My grand daughter attends Kent State University. Seems the whole school... at an academic level... is going paperless. She had a PC. All of her professors and instructors use Macintosh.Knowing that I am a Mac fan-boy, it was a no-brainer that she asked me for this as a Christmas present.When the MacBook Pro arrived, I helped her transfer all of her schoolwork from the PC to the Mac... an easy drag-and-drop process utilizing a flash drive.It was delivered with 4GB of RAM -- 2GB on each of two sticks -- which was probably adequate. However, I always recommend at least 8 gigs, so I ordered 8 gigs from Amazon. When the RAM arrived, all 8 gigs were on one stick. So I simply pulled one 2GB stick from the machine and installed the 8GB stick in its place. The machine now has 10 gigs of RAM and it works just fine. But, hey, it's an Apple. I wouldn't expect anything less!
computer|This laptop has several features that my previous computer did not, including backlighted keys(very convenient), and a slot for a digital card. The unit is considerably faster than my four-year-old Macbook, and has a thinner screen and a hard surface covering the LED screen. I do considerable writing on my laptop, and the OS has been improved markedly. The unit is attractive and durable.
computer|This is my fourth Macbook Pro and this one is an exceptional value in my opinion.Macs are not the cheapest machines, but they simply work and last. I have two of thismodel, one 15&#34; model and the new 13&#34; Retina display model.When considering a Mac, look at the total cost of ownership and not just the initial price tag.They seem to hold their value well and I just don't have any problems with them.
computer|Great product, Great price. Stop living in the stone age and buy a mac, you will not be sorry at all!!!
computer|Best laptop I have ever owned! System is running great. No complaints BUT have since discovered better prices at Moween on refurbished Mac products.
computer|This is the second 13&#34; macbook pro we have purchased. They are tanks that take a beating and keep on working like champs. Yeah, Apple products are expensive, but you get what you pay for. I had to help my kids with their pc issues constantly, but on the macs....nothing....they just work. The 13&#34; is a great size, not too heavy but with the solid aluminum body, it's strong. I would advise getting something like Zagg Invisible shield for it as the aluminum finish does scratch easily. Also, if you decide you want more memory and a bigger hard drive than the base model, buy it separately and not from apple. Simply take out the bottom screws and pop in the RAM or the hard drive. It's a piece of cake and will save you a bundle.
computer|Smoothest laptop I have ever owned. It just works. You won't be sorry to spend the money. Apple longevity will make it worthwhile for your budget.
computer|I purchased this Mac for my daughter for Christmas. The first one we received began to experience problems around day six of usage. The optical drive would not function properly and it would not run any kind of disc. We followed the return, exchange policy on the Amazon website, and found it to be a very simple process. Amazon issued a call tag to UPS who came to pick up the return with a label. We had saved all of the packaging just in case there was an issue and we boxed everything up the way it was when we received it. UPS came , slapped on the label gave us a tracking slip and off it went. In the meantime, Amazon sent out the replacement which we received in a matter of a few days. We also could track the return via UPS and saw when it was delivered to someone in Kentucky, and could even see who signed for it. It was quite easy. The second laptop is working fine. My daughter seems to think it is much quieter, and she loves how much faster it is than her old pc which by the way was a Dell that we paid quite a bit for a few years back, but developed like so many others who owned this same laptop an issue with bad hinges. This Macbook is solid, one piece, smartly designed, and very user friendly. It took a bit of getting used to as it is different than windows, but my daughter says she will never go back......She loves it.
computer|It is wonderful to Buy this laptop from Apple and this is the first time for me to use the system Apple and has no regrets about transformative for Apple. this model especially very distinctive by its potentials wonderful lightweight also I transpire this device for those interested in is speed in performance at the expense of screen resolutionas in Retina display.
computer|This is my first Mac and I couldn't be more in love with it. I've made many digs against Mac people in the past but I now understand why they love Mac because its nice having something that works and doesn't freeze up like my PC would. I also am glad that I have this and not one of those horrid windows 8 computers because that OS is dreadful.
computer|Yeah, it's super expensive. I'm pretty sure when I bought it, my bank account went 'ouch!' But it's so worth it! I used to be a solid HP person. I loved the way they ran and wasn't a fan of my sister's Macbook Air. But after one busted computer, and another HP that crashed no less than four times (no joke, it was RIDICULOUS) I decided that an Apple was the way to go. I chose the pro because I definitely wanted the cd drive included with the computer. I LOVE IT! Definitely worth the extra money. It's fast, super user friendly, and easier to personalize. I had to use my old hp shortly after purchasing this and couldn't stand it! Once you go Mac, you won't go back!
computer|I needed to upgrade to Lion but my old platform (MacBook vintage 2008/9) was not upgradable. It was also suffering from hardware (keyboard) issues, relatively slow performance and shortening battery lifetime. I chose the MBP over the MacAir because of the extra ports, DVD burner, etc, accepting the extra weight which was not that important to me. I love the new platform, though it took some getting used to with the Launch Pad and Command Center paradigms.Con: The only small complaint I have is the power cord attachment to the laptop. It has a 90 degree bend in it that either requires the cord to bend along (and partially cover) the various ports on the side of the laptop or bend away to the rear which generates a long loop for me the way I plug it it with the possibility of accidentally popping out.Pro: Besides delivering the higher level performance that I expected of the new platform, the display on the MBP is much better than my old MacBook which had a poor quality display with a waviness I never liked and poor off-angle viewability.
computer|Ok before I purchased this computer last July, I owned an 2009 white MacBook that was an introductory low end MacBook , it was 2g of ram and 160 gb HDD so going from that to an actual PROFESSIONAL machine is amazing .USB 3.0 is a beast , the 500GB HDD Is amazing and I also SELF upgraded the ram from there stock 4g to an 8gig . My machine is amazing this is my favorite model because the new retina MacBook Pro is not self upgradable AT ALL . so I enjoyed upgrading my computer on my terms instead of apple overcharging their upgrade on order section.But overall if your a creative type or a business professional this is an absolute MUST BUY as I guarantee satisfaction , great durability , nice software with Mountain Lion , sdx card slot , you will a very happy customer. I have had this computer since early July 2012 and I have had no issues OF ANY KIND . NO BUYERS REGRET OVER HERE.
computer|I have a refurbished Black MacBook that I bought in 2007 from the Apple online store. I wanted to explore what the Mac was all about. 6+ years later it's still working just fine, but with a limit of 2 gig of RAM, it was getting a bit slow and behind the times.It's nice to see Apple still making a laptop with a DVD/CD drive. The price from Amazon was GREAT, so, I had to order it. The buying experience was good. However my experience with UPS was a 0 on a scale of 0-10. The driver did not knock on my door, left a post it note notice. I went to UPS that night. The driver had checked in and they could not find the box. I was told it would be at Pick Up the next day. I went back the next day, they could not locate it, and discovered that it was on the truck. I missed the driver by 3 minutes. He did leave it with a neighbor, and if I had not found the driver who was exiting the apartment complex, i would have had no idea where he left it. Bad UPS, BAD.Anywho, back to the MacBook Pro. While the screen is not Retina, it is still superb. Far superior to my MacBook. The build quality is typical Apple, solid, solid, solid. The SuperDrive is quiet. Sound quality is very acceptable.I haven't had it long enough to test battery life, but I will assume that up to 7 hours is realistic.The Intel i7 processor and 8 gig of RAM makes this a great desktop replacement.Based on my time with the Black MacBook I decided to take out Apple Care. It did come in hand once way back when and more than paid for itself the first and only time I used it. By the way, the Black MacBook is still running strong. All I needed to do for it was replace the battery in February 2013 as it had swelled.The MacBook Pro may look pricy at first, but due to the build quality, parts used and it having an aluminum body, I can see this one lasting 7 years or more. In that light, the 13.3" MacBook Pro is very reasonable in price and a winner in performance. And with Parallels 8 I am also using Windows 98SE, XP and 7 on my MacBook Pro. All run as if they were on a native Windows desktop machine. The 8 gig of RAM and the i7 processor make running virtual software a snap. With the latest MacBook Pro I actually have 4 computers in one. The latest version of OS X, and three versions of Windows. Combined with the SuperDive, great battery life, a crisp display and solid build quality, I am a very pleased user.
computer|This computer should not cost 1000 dollars but judging only the product its a great computer my kids love it
computer|Excellent product. Excellent performance. The OS is great. I play Counter Strike Global Offensive on it and it was great. Only have to worry about using it. Definitively, I recommend this!
computer|This is my first Apple computer and I am so pissed off I didn't do it sooner! From a windows computer to this is not a hard process. As long as you know how to use a computer you will be fine. I took me sometime to get used to the new system but definitely worth it! If you ever need to know anything just google it! It is lightning fast and the 500gb memory is more than enough.
computer|This computer is like...I'm lost for words.This is the best switch I have ever done.I came from a Dell Inspiron, I also paid about $1000 for it.This has much more memory and ram memory.Even the battery life is like WOW!I love, LOVE, LOOOOVE!
computer|We bought this for our teenager for his senior year of high school. He needed a Mac, obviously, because he loves all things Mac, but also to sync up with all his other i-things. He has shown some talent in movie making and a great deal of talent in photography. It had to be up to his skill level. No other computer has the range in visual arts that a Mac does.It also had to be portable. He had to be able to carry it in his back pack like his ipad.The usefulness factor: this had to be more useful than his ipad. He was all crazy for the ipad, but it turned out to be marginally useful at school every day. He can send 10K texts out a month but couldn't function with the qwerty touch deal. His notes were always slow and painful.We bought both the 2 years extra Apple care and the Square Trade warranty. It's one thing to trust a teenager but it's one thing to trust a teenager.
computer|I am a college student and I needed a computer that is long lasting through my career so I picked the macbook pro. This is the best decision I have made in my life! I have been a PC user for a very long time and all my PC's got viruses so had to replace them every 2-3 years. And the best thing about MAC's is you don't get VIRUSES!!! This is definitely worth the purchase
computer|Since I have iPhone, iPad and iPod I thought that my next computer should be a MacBook Pro. Took a long time trying to decide between one with retina display and one without. Next had to decide between 13 or 15. Chose the 13 non retina display and glad that I did. Biggest disappointment is that I cannot read the iBooks I purchase from Apple on this machine.
computer|Sold on all Apple products. Have two ipads,two macbooks,an imac 27&#34;,ipod nano and an iphone in thefamily and am completely sold on their quality, value, and ability to retain their value.
computer|This is my first Mac and it's really just an expensive experiment. I still have to use my two other windows machines to get most of my work done because, as much of a pleasure as the Mac is to use, it's not worth re-purchasing of a ton of software. One thing I am still happy about is the price I paid at Amazon. I had been watching the prices for six months and a brick and mortar store (rhymes with Test Fry) put it on sale the week of Thanksgiving. Amazon's prices can change by the minute and for about two hours, the price dropped as low as it had ever been and matched the Test Fry price. Even though I can't use it for work much, I am still glad I made the purchase. The best features to me are the multiple desktops, the swipe gestures, and the seamless way they work together. Also, the way it works with Apple TV is nothing short of amazing. The more Apple products you have, the more it sense it makes to acquire more. And lets face it, reading these reviews isn't really going to sway you on the product, only on where you purchase it. And with my Amazon Prime membership (the best $79 I've spent in years) buying it here was a no-brainer. $3.99 got it here overnight. Any repairs are going to have to be made by Apple anyway and who wants to deal with a pretentious &#34;Apple Genius&#34;. I prefer &#34;Google Genius&#34;. Oh, and a Book Book is worth the price. They sell that here too.
computer|I wont write too much, Apple just builts the best computers, you cant go wrong with this computer. Buy the separate RAM memory and you will have a rocket!
computer|I recently purchased this model of the macbook pro. I can say that I am fully satisfied with the performance that the computer has supplied. It contains a long battery life, incredible specs, and an overall enjoyable performance. Upgrading from a toshiba laptop, I am fully impressed with all of the benefits that the mac operating system provides. The snappy processor allows for me to quickly upload photos and videos, as well as create movies for me and my colleagues to enjoy. In upgrading to this computer I can say I have found little to any flaws in the product, hence the 5 star review.
computer|Ok i've been a PC for years....mostly because I couldnt afford a mac. so when I had the money to buy one I bought other things instead....a 700 laptop and some extra stuff with it. but now that im starting a business I needed something that was reliable because my laptop started to slow down horribly.....so that when I remembered...ive never heard of a mac slowing down or crashing after a few months ( replaced my pc hard drive after about a year). so I saw this one didnt know much about them but bought the newest version on the first buy....I did a good job lol this mac is awesome. HD graphics, clean and stylish look, built very well, and it even runs on the same internet in the same house almost 3x as fast as my pc and even picks up more signal from the access points than my pc....yea wont say all is great though the whole holding ctrl+left click was a little annoying. had to ask a guy in starbucks how to do it then i learned the double finger click but all in all this mac is awesome. webistires even look better on this thing. im only using this for business basically so Im hoping for some good years with no big problems...total 5 stars on this. full recommendation....probably should have checked apples sight before i bought here but oh well i love it anyway. new box and everything.
computer|I now have an apple computer and finally see what people see in them. They are great and seem to be able to do just about anything.The new operating system makes this computer into a super iPad. It does just about everything an iPad does except a forward facing camera BUT adds the feature of having a keyboard. Yes it is bigger, requires a little more time to startup but I believe that the keyboard and actually having a real working computer make up for those two things. You use the pad on the computer instead of on the screen on the iPad but they seem to work exactly the same. Try typing on an iPad and then on one of these computers. No comparison. Until screens are developed enough on iPads to allow for quick data entry they will never be more than a viewing machine. Not that that is bad but it is limited.A word of advice, when installing hardware like a printer or additional monitor DO NOT use the disk that came with them. I did for my epson printer and that required me to call epson and they had to help clear out what had been installed. Apparently this computer is smart enough to recognize just about any piece of hardware. It also recognized my viewsonic monitor.The screen is clear, the keyboard lights up, you have the ability to upload your software to the cloud so that you can safely access it later. It has the ability if you let Apple to locate it if it gets lost or stolen. It does automatic backups either to the cloud or a drive or a stick storage. Dang I think this computer is neat and very powerful. It is even spell checking as I type here.BUTIt is expensive, with applecare, microsoft office and a vga adapter it ran almost $2k.As neat as this computer is do I need all this power. If you are a student or employee that has schedules, needs to take notes or just needs to use all the very useful and very powerful tools that are included then I can see it for you. Me, I am a physically broken 68 year old whose dell computer broke on him. I use it for getting on the internet, playing games, watching a few movies while on the go and lastly to do a few spreadsheets and write some letters. This computer is way overkill for me. Will I keep it? Sure, it does all that I want. If Dell had been more helpful than I probably would have bought another one. But since they weren't and I have always wanted to try an Apple I got this.If you really want to buy an Apple, I would suggest that you buy it here on Amazon, or a least another site like it. You can buy the hardware, software, Applecare warranty and accessories. It is cheaper here than from Apple. A fact that I learned after calling apple and ordering from them.
computer|I love are 15 inch MacBook Pro! its so easy to use compared to a windows computer! And its SO fast with that i7 processor!PROS: Its very fast, a great computer for photo editing, a bunch of cool little bells and whistles (like the hot corners and the dashboard....ect!!!)CONS: Price is a bit ridiculous, kinda heavy (but not to bad by any means.)CONCLUSION: For anyone who does photo editing this is the computer your looking for, VERY fast and fun!!!
computer|Unbelievable computer. I have used windows computers (Dell, HP, Gateway..) my whole life and once using this Mac I will never go back. Even using a windows computer for a short period of time drives me crazy now that I've used a Mac. No hassles with a Mac. Never freezes, never slows down, battery life is triple that of Dell, HP, ect..
computer|wow the new macbook pro hanged as i tried to type this review. so slow. it has been the story since i booted the mac. i was making a shift from windows. first time mac user. thoroughly disappointed. thinking of returning if it is not fixed soon by apple support.
computer|First of all excuse my english, I bought one of this model, very nice PC, nice screen, really fast, but after installing softwares only 4 days of using it i was playing starcraft 2 and hang up, had to do a hard reset after that never boot again, i tried everything i search in google nothing works, took it to apple store they reinstalled the OS charged me 50 $, i had to reinstall everything again, it last 2 weeks, it starts crashing again using cinema 4d and starcraft but always boot again, yesterday crashed last time and doesnt wants to boot, so it looks that i have to reformat again, i have mountain lion DVD and right now doesnt want to start from DVD, i dont want to take it again to apple and charge me another 50 $ to reinstall os, thats 100 $ spent on a new computer after a month ?? my old Asus PC never had to format in 1 and a half year of use. I am big fan of Apple products like iphone and ipad, this is my first Apple Mac, but i think i pay a lot of money for a product that crash too much, i would try to reinstall the OS but if i have to pay another 50 $ on it, i will sell it after that and buy another brand of PC...UPDATE 1:After taking 2 times my macbook pro to the apple store they realized that it came with a damage video card, and that was the problem. After they change it i have been using my macbook pro for almost 6 months now and i am very happy, it is fast, nice screen, really nice OS, i highly recommend it. Thanks to the people who left comments, i am updating this to let you know that my problem was fixed and i am enjoying a really good product...
computer|All my life I've been using Windows computers, from Windows 98 all the way to Windows 7, and let me tell you, Mac OS X Lion is simply astonishing. From the speed to the multi touch gestures this operating system beats Windows easily. If you are hesitant on wether or not to buy this computer let me give you some reasons why you should:1. The speed: Very, very fast, it boots in less than 30 seconds and loads up all your applications and documents flawlessly. Not to mention the 8gb of RAM (Great addition).2. The looks: The attention to detail on this computer is simply amazing from the aluminum finish, to the little lights on the keyboard, it really is a quality product.3. Its Apple, you know you're getting a reliable product which devaluates very little in time, as you may see any Windows computer goes from being $1300 (A very good one) to around $300 dollars in 2 years. Apple products retain their value and don't devaluate very fast.4. You may find reviews that say "This computer can be beaten by any PC at half the price" but the thruth is you're not only paying for a great quality product, but also one that will really satisfy you for a long time, and one you may sell in 1-2 years for 30% less of its retail (Compared to a PC's 70%)In the end you will find that, if you decide to buy this product, it was totally worth it. Mac's are very user friendly.
computer|I bought this laptop last month and when I first received it there were updates to install. Two of the updates will not install because the computer is not recognizing me as the owner for those two applications (iPhoto and iMovie). I brought it to an Apple Store and they told me that there was a previous owner and the computer wasn't properly deleted and restored. I was given the option of having them wipe out everything on my computer to restore it as new or they'd have to keep sending me codes to maually update the applications. Not what I expected when I purchased this computer, especially for the amount of money I spent.
computer|Who makes a laptop that can't rest on your lap? The heat vent puts the hot air out the back between the bottom half of the computer and the monitor with the heat angled downwards so that it goes directly into your lap. Furthermore, this position makes it so it can't vent the heat properly.I'm honestly scared the computer might fry itself out if I were to leave it on a blanket.
computer|I have had a black macbook since 2007. It was getting old and I needed a new school computer. I was looking around and I knew I wanted something fast, able to multitask, and very portable. I also like to play games so I needed some nice graphics. I kept looking at the 15" because it had good graphics and a good processor. But I thought that it was just a tad too big for my needs. I went into the apple store and I was looking at the 13" and I knew that it was perfect. It has a great screen, it is the perfect size, it is not too heavy and it is very powerful (Ivy-Bridge processor :D ). I was not sure about the new Intel HD 4000 graphics but I decided if I could not play may favorite game that it would not be the end of the world. So I got home and I booted it up, put windows 7 on and started my favorite game (Just Cause 2) and it worked!!!! So I am very pleased with my purchase. Overall this computer is perfect for my needs. If you want something with more graphic power I would go with the 15" but if you want something portable and powerful (average user) then this is a perfect laptop.ConsThe screen does not have a high resolution compared to some PC's. (Not that noticeable)It is a bit pricey. Average PC with the same specs = around $800-But an important note is that if you treat your computer well your macbook pro will last a long time. My old Macbook was made from plastic and it still lasted me almost 6 years. It is still running well not running its more at a walking pace right now but it works. So the price is high but you get a well made computer that will last you years to come!I hoped this helped. I do not do review very often so I am sorry if I did not cover everything.
computer|I have had my MacBook Pro for almost a month and I am very happy and satisfied with it. Everything is so easy and intuitive to setup or configure. I have had the best experience ever with importing and editing videos and pictures. Email and Internet browsing is a breeze. Don't get me wrong, not everything is perfect. Having heard from friends and family about how reliable a Mac product is, I never expected to have an application crash within the first month, but I did. However, the experience was great since the OS does not become unstable and the application will simply shutdown and reopen.I highly recommend the MacBook Pro to anyone who wants a product that is stable, intuitive, easy and fun!
computer|This is my very first Mac and I made the switch from years of using Windows. I had been wanting a MacBook for three years before I actually had enough money to purchase one. I am a college freshman and I bought my MacBook Pro mainly for school and so far I am loving it! The screen is nice and very clean. The downside to the screen, however, is you can't see in direct sunlight (which is a problem for someone like me who likes to sit outside and do work on the plaza at my school) and it is a magnet for dust and lint. The laptop is very lightweight and portable; I rarely even notice it's in my backpack! The keys are very well lit and comfortable to type on and you don't hear the annoying click-clack that most keyboards make (a plus for someone like me who enjoys the quiet). The sound is nice and loud; I don't have any problems with hearing anything. One of my favorite things about it is that you can't hear it running. I've had this laptop for only a week now but I've had it running pretty hard with all apps open and it'll just get hot, but you can't hear the fan or computer running. This is perfect for when I'm in class taking notes because I don't get distracted or annoy others by the computer being loud and disruptive. I only have two complaints: 1) the laptop heats up pretty fast but it doesn't burn your leg or anything and 2) the battery indicator is very indecisive, meaning that the "Calculated Time Remaining..." isn't too accurate and it'll show only 4 hours left after I've completed a full charge and have my keyboard lights off and my screen at half brightness. Despite the battery life indicator, the laptop (at half screen brightness and half or less keyboard brightness) gets well over 8 hours of battery life, as advertised by Apple, which is PERFECT for me. I don't think a Mac is worth the $1000 but I do not regret spending it on this laptop one bit! Thank you, Apple, for creating a computer I can actually deal with!
computer|I just want to issue a warning to people who purchase this product trying to save a bit over Apple prices. I paid for a new laptop, but was sent a used one. I received this item in the original box that had been resealed. While it appeared to be a new item, once I booted it up, it was already set up with an account of another user. I couldn't have used it even if I wanted to. I returned the laptop to Amazon and received a refund, however had it been properly wiped of information, I would have been sold a used machine and never have even known. I'm sure this is not an isolated incident, so buyer beware.
computer|My old MacBook finally died, so I looked around for the easiest way to get a new one. Amazon had a good price and I knew would ship it fast and free. I have been very happy with it since it arrived. If you are a Mac Lovers like me, look to Amazon as a source.
computer|The best battery life, build quality, keyboard, trackpad and display.MacOS may take a while to get used to if transitioning from Win, but it's definitely intuitive and friendly - except for iTunes.
computer|I got the Hi-rez matte display flavor with 16GM RAM. Now I can upgrade memory and HDs and still have a few more pixels.YEEEAH! Awesome power and portability combination. Funny though if I plug in a USB device mac hangs for 3 seconds.Highly recommended.
computer|I like the size and it is easy to transport around. It was a little difficult to transfer my music from iphone.
computer|This is my first MacBook coming from a Windows environment. Like so many others who do this there is a learning curve and I'm excited to do it. This MBP is clean, neat, and simple. I like that. It takes less time to power up, and if you just close the case it go into sleep mode. WHen you open it wakes up almost immediately. Very nice. I am pleased with my decision, however I have only had this for a few weeks. There are a few things I am dissappointed with though. Only 2 USB ports. Most Windows laptops have 2 to 4 or more. No HDMI port. Most Windows laptops have at least 1. The headphones jack is a combo jack for the headphones and microphone. Not a big deal for me, but if you Skype a lot or are gaming a regular headphone set with a separate jack for the headphone sound and microphone input will not work on a Mac. These are about twice the price of an equivilant Windows machine so it was a tough decision, but like I said I am pleased so far.....
computer|
computer|I will recommend anyone having the mean to move to mac. After replacing the spinning hard disk with an ssd drive, my mac is just flying. My virtual windows7 is powering in seconds and it does not feel like a virtual machine when using it in full screen.The only thing I am not satisfied with is the battery life management, the GPU in dynamic switching mode makes some applications consume excessive battery life.
computer|This item was a tool for school/Christmas gift for my son and he was so thrilled when he got it he almost cried
computer|The Mac book pro is a computer for the disorganized, lazy, and eye candy person in all of us. With my PC, understanding how to jump through hoops is important. The MacBook pro already understands how to jump through hoops and acts more like a friendly guide. If you want to use the Internet, then you can make your icons jump out from the bottom of the screen, like a magnifying glass is projecting onto the selected icon. This computer is amazing for the individual who does not want to do any extra work via their understanding of their laptop.
computer|No big difference with olders models (five years ago) The Speed almost The same. MAYBE The Mac OS improvement were not The product they Want to offer.
computer|Great laptop for the money. I'd recommend it to anyone looking for a full featured laptop. Compared it to the Macbook Air which is thinner and lighter but has no optical drive and a slower processor. Don't need a retina display because my old ass needs glasses and I wouldn't notice the difference for all the extra cash.
computer|The 15" MBP 2012 is the fastest Mac that I have ever used!I didn't want the Retina one due to most applications don't support yet. In fact I still use manyLegacy programs (Appleworks, FileMaker Pro, Quicken, Photoshop etc)! Because the MBP camewith Lion and included a free upgrade to Mountain Lion, I could not run any of those legacyprograms. I have Pages, Numbers and many other programs that will import the old files, but somecouldn't!The solution was to buy a copy of Snow Leopard Server from Apple for $19 and a copy of Parallels 8 OEMfrom Newegg for $28.I run Snow Leopard in a Virtual Machine on my Macbook Pro and can use ALL of my Legacy programs.I can run any of the current programs on Mountain Lion and run the Legacy programs under Virtualization.I now have the best of both worlds.The USB 3 is FAST!
computer|The Macbook Pro is the premier choice for college students. First off, I would say that 75-85% of the Mac's on my campus are Pro's, rather than the Air version.Why?Weight isn't as big of an issue as they make it out to be.Performance is much much better on the Pro, especially if you install an SSD on it. (150$ish)The BadI would rate the mac as a 4 star simply because not all the software I need is available to Mac's. Purchasing Parellels to run Windows fixes the problem, but that's just another added cost to the already high price. Also, it is a pain to sync up a Droid phone because Mountain Lion isn't compatible with the Droid software yet.The GoodThe good news is the resale value is so high. You can spend $1,300 on a mac, and 3 years later still get 700+. A windows version will set you back $800 or so, and constantly have to be updated, and the value after 3 years will be 300$ if your lucky. This means a great deal to me as a college student, because I want something that will last a few years, but one that will also have a high resale value. Apple software in general is much easier to use than Windows also, so it is more user friendly.All in all, I highly recommend Mac's to college students. (Especially to Graphic design/Communications majors)
computer|A discounted price for a new Apple laptop is hard to find from a reputable company....and then there is Amazon to save the day! As for the laptop, this is our 3rd Apple computer in the past 2 years. Prior to that we were die hard Dell / PC fans. After getting sick and tired off all the blue screens, the (what seemed like daily) updates, and the OS lock ups, we decided to give the Mac world a chance. While we have been faced with some limitations regarding software (getting better daily), the problems that are persistent with a Windows PC are all but gone. The huge accolad I can give to Apple is; they just plan work...period. With this laptop in particular, to review it, will take some time as it is pretty fresh out of the box (so far so good though). However, I dont expect it to be any different than the rest...awesome!
computer|I work with medical imaging and editing. These files are huge and 3d renderings usually take long to load. The Mac Book Pro 15" with intel 7 is behaving perfectly.It is overpriced, should cost $1800 max, but is still a good purchase for those seeking performance. The ethelnet port and the cd drive are also important. My friend bought the Mac Book Pro with retina display and is having trouble with the absence of those itemsHope its been usefulv
computer|Finally! I finally made the switch to MAC! I am so happy I did! Yeah, the price is more than a pc, but it's so worth it.This MacBook Pro is fluid and effortless. It almost feels as though Apple has read my mind. Everything I do on here is simple.I also recommend the book "The Missing Manual Switching From PC to Mac". It has shown me a lot of things about my mac. My mom has owned a mac for years and I've been telling her cool things that her macbook can do. :)I have the 13" size. I came from a larger pc, so I was worried that this downsize would bother me. I can't even tell. I'm a website designer and I'm able to zoom in when and where I need, if needed. I work long hours at the computer and this is great! Now, if I win the lottery I'll get the large thunderbolt display. But until then, the 13" is perfect for me!I recently found a receipt for my first laptop purchase, I think it was about 6 years ago, and I paid over $1800 for it at that time. I have always tried to buy the best laptop I could afford, only to be disappointed with them in a very short amount of time.If you can swing the price, buy a macbook. You'll love it!
computer|I have been a PC user for most of my life. I used windows XP, windows Vista, and Windows 7 extensively. Most recently, I put Windows 8 on my old Dell laptop in an attempt to breathe new life into it. This plan ended when the hinge holding the screen on finally gave out. I purchased this computer from Amazon during the Black Friday sale, and got a much better deal than Apple was offering. Though the computer ships with Lion instead of the current Mountain Lion OS, the free upgrade that Amazon describes was processed and approved by Apple within about 10 minutes. The computer arrived very well packaged and in perfect condition.Hardware: The Macbook pro's physical form is wonderful. Not only is it beautiful, but it feels really solid. Screen is bright and gorgeous. Trackpad is nothing short of dazzling when compared to competing Windows systems. Wake up time is very short. Sound from concealed speakers perfectly adequate for normal listening.Software: Though I was excited to try Mac, I was a little apprehensive. I have been a PC person for many years and feel really comfortable navigating Windows to accomplish tasks. Not only is Mac different, but Mac programs (in my experience) typically expect you to think in a slightly different way when trying to figure out how to do something new. I was a bit worried that I would experience some frustration. My fears, however, were unfounded. The system is amazingly intuitive, and, after a short learning curve, you begin to feel like Mac is a big improvement over Windows 7, and that Windows 8 is an unsuccessful attempt to recreate Mac successes. For example, I feel like the new Start screen is analogous to the Launchpad, but more cluttered and a bit clunky. Anyway, the transition is not difficult, and the experience trumps Windows easily.WHY THE MACBOOK PRO, WHY NOT THE AIR? I did consider purchasing the Air instead of the Pro. I was attracted to the all flash architecture of the air. Solid state drives don't wear out, even after 5+ years of operation. Also, lugging around a heavy computer just in case I need it is a peeve of mine, with the result that I often don't have my computer when I need it. The Pro is by no means a heavy computer, but the Air is remarkably light. I don't really believe I would have ever missed the optical drive, as I still have a desktop that I can use to burn CDs/DVDs and to store massive files that would overwhelm the relatively small solid state storage of the Air. Why, then, did I get the Pro? Longevity for one. I expect a laptop to last around 5 years at this point. While the base Pro and Air have similar performance ratings, in two years I can open the bottom of the Pro and easily and cheaply upgrade the RAM. I also plan to put in a solid state drive at that time. This can all be done more cheaply than paying Apple for the upgrade right now. Also, though I understand why it may be reasonable to make the Air without an Ethernet cable, my office at the university does not have Wifi. There are no plans to expand coverage to my office and I am not permitted to expand the network on my own. This means I am restricted to ethernet connection. I realize that there are USB and Thunderbolt adapters for this, but I would need to use this adapter literally every day. In the end, I don't think it would be worth the hassle. Also, some users report issues with getting the Air to use these adapters, a situation which would be extremely negative for my work situation even on a short-term basis. In the end, these reasons led me to get the Pro over the Air, and I am highly satisfied with my decision. The relatively greater mass of the Pro is not an issue, as the computer is still highly portable, and not having to mess with the ethernet adapter is a pro that I am already grateful for.Overall, my experience with this computer has been great. I would highly recommend the switch, and I will not be returning to the Windows platform for the foreseeable future.
computer|Love the Macbooks, but the contrast and colors on this screen absolutely sucked a big one. This would have been my third - a gift for my wife. I tried to recalibrate several times with no luck. A little research revealed others having similar issues. Apparently, Apple is using 3 different vendors to produce the panels, each having varying contrast/color IQs - aka the "panel roulette."Comparing this side-by-side with my 2011, 13" Macbook Pro was like night and day. My 2011 has great contrast and is so easy on the eyes. This 2012 has marginally better contrast than my 2010 kindle, which is certainly not a good thing with a backlit screen.What annoys me the most is that Apple is losing a grip on QC. They claim to calibrate each screen individually; and they should considering the entrance fee for these books. No way this thing should have been let out of the factory.My advice is to do a little research and consider purchasing in person to verify the contrast, color and quality of the screen you're purchasing.
computer|My previous Macbook was a 2011 Air, also 13".I bought the base model as I was to upgrade the RAM and HDD myself, and the processor upgrade wasn't worth it to me.Initial thoughts:- Boot-up is much slower than my last Macbook Air because of the HDD instead of an SSD- Screen does look better even tho it has a lower resolution- Keyboard is a tad stiffer than Macbook Air- Hearing the DVD drive spin up every boot-up is strange, but not annoying- Much better graphics and processor performance- Thickness or weight doesn't bother me, since I use it as my main computer- Mic is above the 'esc' key and not next to the fan vent like the Macbook Air- Runs much cooler and quieter- USB slots are next to each other instead of one on each side- Upgraded to 8gb ram(http://www.amazon.com/dp/B004Y4XAAK/ref=pe_175190_21431760_M3T1_SC_dp_1) shortly afterMore Detail:- Boot-up takes around 45 seconds compared to my Macbook Air taking around 15 seconds. Applications also start slower, instead of almost all my apps opening instantly, it takes 2-3 seconds. An easy fix to that will be an SSD which I should be getting November sometime and will update this with comparisons.- I compared my roommate's 2011 Macbook Pro 13" to my 2011 Macbook Air 13" before I sold it. His looked much better, darker blacks, more saturated and warm. My Air looked stale and not as detailed as his Pro. The resolution is only 1280x800 compared to the 1440x900 of the Macbook Air, but I kind of like that better because text is bigger and I don't have to squint as much(not that I did that much before).- The first time I typed my name and password for the Pro I noticed the keyboard is slightly stiffer. I can say I liked the Macbook Air's keyboard better, but not a lot to be bothered by it. Having used it for a month now, I don't even notice it anymore.- Having no DVD drive for almost a year was amazing, but frustrating the few times when I needed it. The noise isn't loud when turning on the computer, shouldn't be enough to wake someone up in the same room that is sleeping. Now I can't move my Mac around as fast since it has more moving parts in it, but thats not a big deal for me.- Graphics are much improved. The comparison Apple gives is 60% improvement over the previous generation, however I went from a 2011 Macbook Air to a 2012 Macbook Pro. I'm not sure if thats more than a 60% improvement as I don't have a 2012 Macbook Air to compare. Lets just say with my Macbook Air I had to have the lowest settings on Starcraft 2 to play a 3v3 game online and it would still lag later on and dip below 20fps. WIth my Macbook Pro I can have medium settings on a 3v3 and have a steady 50fps the whole game. The only time I could have a steady 50fps on high settings was a 1v1 game. However, medium settings look 10x better than low(mainly from shaders), while high settings looks only 2x better than medium. Other games like Portal 2, Left 4 Dead 2, Torchlight 2(Windows Boot Camp), League of Legends, Half LIfe 2 series, CS:GO, TF2 I could get almost the highest settings(usually excluding AA) and be smooth. Converting video via Handbrake was also quicker on the Macbook Pro, I don't have a video for proof, but from what I remember it was at least 2x as fast.- I used my Macbook Air for everything including school, work, games, video, music, etc. So it was on my desk 90% of the time. So naturally moving to a thicker and slightly heavier Macbook Pro had no affect on me. Even when I use it on my lap while watching TV or helping someone on the XBOX with a game, it doesn't feel like a brick.- My biggest complaint on the Macbook Air was the placement of the mic. It was right next to the exhaust vent, so when I was playing any game online and using Skype, the other person could hear the fan blasting at a full 6500 rpm. The mic on the Macbook Pro is now above the 'esc' key and not right next to the fan, much better design decision. I've played games online and people don't hear the fans anymore.- As I mentioned before, while playing a game on the Macbook Air the fans would climb to 6500 rpm fast and be very loud and quite hot to the touch in the upper left corner of the laptop. The highest I've seen it on my Macbook Pro is 5300 rpm, and it doesn't always do that. Strangely enough it would do that on Starcraft 2 then would dip down to about 3000 rpm during a game and I couldn't hear it anymore. So noise is reduced at least 50% and the heat is much better, now it doesn't feel hot but warm.- The USB ports are right next to each other on the left side which is fine by me since my laptop is on the left side of my desk, so everything is out of the way for me. On my Macbook Air cords would come out of both directions and cause a mess sometimes. Even if it was the same as the Macbook Air, wouldn't bother me much. Just be sure to have a USB drive that isn't super thick or you can't fit another next to it.- I was restricted to 4gb of ram on the Macbook Air which I thought would be fine before purchasing. However I was new to Macs and didn't know that OSX uses a lot more ram than Windows, which is fine because its a lot more responsive, I just wish I had known before hand. For me, after booting up with no apps open it was taking around 2gb or half the ram already. Windows used around 500mb-750mb with no apps open. So if I were playing a game, I couldn't have any other programs open or it would run slower. I also had to keep track on how many tabs I had open in Chrome or Safari, especially if they had flash content like Youtube. With 8gb of ram I can have Safari running with several tabs, Mail, Spotify, Preview, Textedit, and Steam open while playing Starcraft 2 and it doesn't slow down at all.- Another random note to mention is the screen bezel is black and not white. I kind of like the black better, especially when playing a game or watching video when the screen is darker.Overall I am extremely satisfied with my purchase and can't wait to get a 256gb SSD and watch this thing fly.That is really the only thing I miss from my last Macbook Air.Will edit my post when I get an SSD and if I find other things I forgot to mention.Hope this review was informative!
computer|I have kept a MacBook by my easy chair for seven years now to use to look up stuff as I watch TV, travel, etc. The new MacBook is lightyears ahead of my old white plastic MacBook circa 2006. The power adapter is much improved and teh backlit keyboard is a nice touch as well. The only caveat and this goes for all Mac users who may be upgrading and like to make the occasional iMovie. Apple no longer includes iDVD with the computer and furthermore, Apple doesn't even offer it anymore! I know Apple believes that DVD and, for that matter, Blu-Ray are dead. But not offering a media burning solution and leaving us to (gasp!) a third-party solution which we all know don't always work so well. After all, that is why we have switched to Apple, because they just work.
computer|You will find iDVD missing from the installed iLife package.If you want iDVD (and most eventually will) you will have to purchase it separately by buying iLife 11 on disk. (Available from Amazon.)Included with this computer is iMovie 11, but NO WAY to make a DVD of your movie.As compared to my previous MacBook, the changes are as follows:1) The battery is no longer user replaceable. This means the computer has to be taken to the shop for repair. This also means you probably will want remove all of your data from the hard drive for security reasons prior to servicing. My previous MacBook allowed replacement of the internal battery in 10 seconds, with no tools.2) OS 10.8 is definitely "dumbed down" as compared with 10.6. 10.8 now has "Windows like" hidden files (this can be disabled).3) "Bounce" has been removed from the Apple Mail program. "Bounce" is a great tool to let people know you don't want any further e-mails from them. ( Third parties have a fix for this defect also.)4) No installation disk (DVD) is included. This means that should you need to repair or rebuild your computer you are absolutely dependent on the existence and availability of Apple's servers. You cannot repair your machine without Internet access. Many experts advise creating your own installation disk (DVD) to make up for this mistake. I intend to do this.5) No more "Save As". This has been replaced with a more complicated "duplicate" feature. Less intuitive and a higher workload.6) The default security settings intimidate you into thinking that downloading software from anywhere other than the Apple Store is less secure. This setting can be changed to take the computer out of "nanny mode". I suspect in the future, Macs will become like iPhones so that only software from the Apple Store can be installed.6) I like the lighted keyboard and the built-in DVD drive. I would never purchase a computer without an optical drive.This computer is still superior to anything running Windows. However, it is definitely a downgrade from previous MacBook models.
computer|I am really sorry I bought this machine.I own a 13" air, a 15" Macbook pro (both prior generations).I was shocked at how much worse this product has been since my first purchase.I have never been to a genius bar since my first purchase (1984).This machine has made me go there 5 times and has been nothing but a continuous problem.Finally, they are sending it in for a motherboard replacement. (It's a lemon).So, I'm cooled on Mac buys. I guess those Chinese workers really are unhappy.Update November 1, 2012...On my last visit to the Genius Bar they sent the machine in to replace the motherboard.It came back today. They did not replace the motherboard. Instead they "tightened" a loose wire.It also has a big new scratch on the top cover.I started it up and it still has the same problem I went in to fix.So I'm going back to Genius Bar for visit #6.I think it may have to be "Apple Don't Care" instead of Apple Care.
computer|First, let me say that while yes, I do prefer macs over pc- I have primarily been a PC user so I have plenty of past history. I have owned over 6 windows based laptops and several desk tops over the years- everything from Dells, HP, Toshiba, Sonys, and others. I am a heavy computer user. I program, code, design, compile, create, prepare and abuse my machines (unintentionally of course). Regardless of what I do, the PC never seem to last- I have to upgrade, restore, add memory, etc. and now its almost cheaper to just buy new ones rather than fix up something that is 6 months old.I purchased my first macbook over a year and haven't look back. Its stable, clean, lightweight, and I haven't had a single issue that didn't take me just a few quick minutes to fix. I have now have a 13 and 15 inch and don't go anywhere with them.
computer|The good- unlike retina MacBook this one is still user upgradeable.- comes with 750gb HDD I upgraded to a 512gb SSD ( the crucial m4)- user upgradeable ram comes with 8gb up can put up to 16gb in. Personally 8 is enough for me (for now)- the screen is super clear and crisp. I have a retina display iPad and I can't tell the difference.- if you do any gaming I would suggest you get this over the retina because they have the same GPU but the retina display has more pixels to power so you'll get better better frame rates with this one.- the retina display may be nice for photographers but this model has an edge for basically every other task.- when your watching video you won't be able to tell the difference between this and the retina.- built in DVD drive! I still love this feature call me old school but I still use it, and I'm not old either I'm in my twenties.- if you no longer have a use for the DVD drive you can take it out and put in a second SSD OR HDD. They make a kit you can get really cheap on Amazon. Can't do that with a retina.- with bootcamp you get the best of both worlds OS 10 and windows.- great for gaming I've been running Far Cry 3 and Fallout New Vegas and it has plenty of power to spare.My criticisms- I really can't think of any. I wish apple would add a touch screen that would make this the perfect laptop.The bottom lineIf your looking for a mobile powerhouse that is user upgradeable, and the quality that can only come from apple this is the computer for you. This is still the real MacBook Pro in my opinion. If you want a design that is tried and true and don't want to spend your life savings on a maxed out retina model (because you can't upgrade them) still like having a DVD drive and other practical ports give this one serious consideration.
computer|I spent a considerable amount of time researching what laptop to purchase, I was between a Windows 8 or MBP (non-retina and retina). I physically went to the Apple store and Best buy to compare, aesthetically and build quality there is no windows based laptop that can touch a MBP and the very few that can are almost the same cost.What sold me on Mac is that you can run windows on it and preserve all your windows based files and software, I run Parallels 8 and love the configuration, its the best of both worlds.Once I decided on MBP I was between the non-retina and retina, I decided on the non-retina due to the upgrading capabilities and the obvious costs difference.The screen on the non-retina is so much better than my older dell it makes a world of difference already (I feel as if I have a retina display!)You cant beat the price on Amazon, between the discount, no sales tax and fast shipping you cant go wrong.
computer|I have already posted a similar review for the MBP old version, I am posting the same review here again since my review concentrates on the user interface of OS X. (not too sure whether I am allowed to do post the same review but just thought it could help some people before they switch to OS X)I have been a Windows user since I started using a computer and I never used a Mac OS X till I actually bought the MBP in 2011. So, this review would really help someone who is considering a Mac for the first time and wants to use it either at school or to remotely connect to work. This article summarizes what you would love and what you could be missing.I previously owned a desktop, a HP laptop and a Compaq laptop before I bought a MBP. Also, I still use Windows machine at work. One of the major reasons I bought the MBP was because it was available on a eBay deal from Macmall for $950. I assumed that if I did not like it, I could always sell it for at least $850 on eBay or Craigslist.Before reading the next part, please do understand that MBP and OS X come together. Things you need to know --**OS XSwitching between applications - This is one of my biggest quirks with OS X. Windows 7 does an awesome job in switching between applications. When you want to switch between the applications, you use ALT+TAB in Windows 7 and this would shift the focus to the next application. If the application is minimized in OS X, you can switch between applications by using CMD+TAB but it does not automatically bring up the other application, it just changes the active application in menu bar. I never understood the reasoning behind this, why would I just want to see the menu bar of the other application, I cannot imagine doing anything just with a menu bar.After some search on the internet I found the work around to do this in OS X. The answer is to press CMD+TAB followed by the option key (just before releasing the CMD key) to switch between the applications perfectly. You can also scroll your four fingers on the track pad to bring up all the applications and then highlight the application you want to choose to change the active application window. It is simply irritating to switch between keyboard and the track pad when you are typing some document or email. You can also use function key F11 instead of swiping the four fingers on the trackpad but at the end of the day Windows 7 does a great job here.Please do note that you can only switch directly between applications but not directly to the active window of an application when you use CMD+TAB, for example you cannot switch directly to a open second excel workbook, you have to bring up the excel application first and only then can you switch to the second excel workbook. I am aware that there is software available (namely Witch for $14) to do this but I already paid for the machine and why should I go through all this trouble and change the system registry entries to simply switch between applications.We can also use spaces and assign some shortcuts to spaces(like option+arrow) to make the switch between applications easier but you need to assign a different space to every application and this could be tedious after some time. Also the animations could make you dizzy after a while (not too sure whether everyone would share the same opinion) and there is no way you can turn off these animations AFAIK.Switching within an application - To switch between the various windows of the same application, the answer is to press CMD+~, it works but what if I have 3 open excel workbooks. Same answer as above, scroll the four fingers or press the function key F11 to see all active windows.Taskbar could be a big deal - It is irritating not to have a task bar in OS X. You can never actually know that you had two open excel workbooks or two separate browser windows at a glance. To put this into context, try working in Windows 7 grouping all your applications together all the time, in Windows 7 the users have the option to ungroup individual windows by selecting "Combine only when taskbar is full" in the taskbar properties. The problem with this approach in OS X is that you will never know all the application windows unless you display all the active windows or highlight the application in the docking bar.Also, the docking bar still occupies a substantial amount of screen space even in its minimal size , in Windows 7 the taskbar is comparively small. Due to the screen size and resolution constraints we usually tend to hide this docking bar on the 13" MBP so that we can see the applications in the maximum available screen space. So either compromise on seeing the active applications in docking bar or full screen mode for applications.Again, the app Witch is the answer for taskbar but it will display these active windows only when we press CMD+TAB.Full Screen - I am addicted to seeing everything in maximized window mode in Windows 7 machines, I could never be satisfied with the default resized small windows, so I installed a free application RightZoom to address this issue. So far, so good.Quick Links - The docking bar essentially acts likes the quick link shortcuts in Windows 7. CMD+W closes the application and CMD+Q quits the application, you have to be careful enough not to press Q instead of W. Please note that closing a window does not automatically quit an application, the application is still active and consumes CPU resources.VPN Connection - Certain (or many?) VPN connection softwares like Juniper cannot be installed on OS X because some of these VPN connections connect using some plugins that are designed specifically for Internet Explorer, which is not available on OS X. I wanted to connect to work using the Microsoft Office remote desktop client but could not do it due to this restriction .External Applications - All the applications cannot be installed in OS X. There are lots of companies out there that make products just for Windows machines. I had to install StatTools for my course work and the tool was not available for OS X, so I had to work from another Windows machine at work on the weekends for my course work. I could have also installed Bootcamp and that comes up next.Bootcamp - I installed Windows 7 using bootcamp on MBP. I observed that Windows 7 is slow and the hard disk makes squeaky noises when you are trying to open an application in bootcamp, also the track pad experience is not the same despite the various drivers and the keyboard layout is obviously different. You can overcome these problems by connecting the MBP to a HDTV or any monitor and then using a wireless Windows keyboard + mouse but then the whole setup is too much hassle and defeats the purpose of a laptop.Microsoft Office - The experience of using Microsoft Office on OS X is pretty subpar in comparison to Windows 7, may be it the fault of Microsoft but it is simply pretty hard for someone to transition from Office 2010 in Windows 7 to Office 2011 in OS X. For example, I am used to zooming in and out of Microsoft Word using shortcuts like Ctrl+Scroll Up (on trackpad) and Ctrl+Scroll Down but this option is not available as shortcut in the OS X version of Office. I wanted to type a formula for a cell in Excel and cannot find the formula bar. May be someone can help me if they know a way around enhancing this experience.Delete button - There is no substitute to Shift+Delete in OS X(CMD+del). Deletion followed by emptying trash is the only way to do it, if you are someone who is addicted to deleting the file at once there is no shortcut. CMD+SHIFT+DELETE is a shortcut to empty trash after you delete something (so two steps, not a major gripe).Cut + Paste - There is no such option as 'Cut+Paste' in OS X. If you want to move something to a different folder, you have to copy and paste the file into the target folder and then delete the original from the source folder. Or select the file and carefully drag the file from the source into the target folder.Preview - Preview can be used to view PDF files and image files. Preview can also be used to make some markings in a PDF file, that is pretty cool. But what if I want to see all the pictures in a folder at once using preview, the only option is to select all the images and then right click to open with preview to see the files (In certain situations we can select all images and press space bar and the photos come in a stream slideshow. Also, every time you open a PDF or an image file the preview application becomes active, I would have preferred the application to quit automatically when I close the image). In summary, it is easier and cooler in Windows 7 to view images.Software Installation - There is no control panel in OS X. Just drag the application into the trash bin and it is gone. It has traces in your system but essentially it is gone for all practical purposes. I like this easy deletion aspect in OS X.Wakeup time - The MBP is pretty fast on this aspectMountain Lion - Mountain Lion will provide you the option to wirelessely stream the content from your MBP to HDTV if you own a Apple TV (I do not know the other improvements, this stood out for me), something similar to the WiDi on the Windows laptops. Thats a really cool option, you do not need to have any HDMI cables at all to stream content.**HARDWARETrack pad - This is something you would love to use and a big selling point, you can never think of going back to other laptops after using this. I always used a mouse on the Windows laptops but never even felt the need for a mouse on the MBP. The two finger swipe to scroll and three finger swipe that replace the 'Home' and 'End' buttons, pinch and zoom for PDF document and images are pretty cool options. I was pretty amazed at the track pad when I started learning more about the OS X.Keyboard - Keys are located spaciously. My previous two laptops frequently had dirt stuck in between the keys which used to drive me crazy.Heat - HP and Compaq laptops generate so much heat that you can use them as a personal heater (I used to do it). The whirring sound made by my Compaq laptop's heat fan used to be pretty embarrassing for me in my class or in the meetings, I hated opening the laptop. In a contrast, the MBP is very calm, the fan does go up occasionally when you run some intensive applications such as office (along with some other intensive applications) or play graphic video games but you will hardly notice it.Build - Unibody aluminum build with just 10 screws at the back is something you would appreciate only when you have used other laptops made of plastic material that make creaky sounds every time you lift them. The upper lid of these other plastic material laptops tend to wobble a lot over time but the MBP's lid is pretty stiff even after 7 months of daily use (at least 3 hours a day).Screen - I personally like the fact there is no slight gap between the glossy screen and border of the lid. In other laptops dust gets stuck between the screen and the plastic and it could be really irritating when you cannot remove the dust. Screen quality, there are different manufacturers for the LCD screen, please search for 9CC3, 9CC5 and 9CC7 to know more about this. I have a 9CC3 (luckily) and it is supposed to be the best one available for a 13" MBP.Ports - HDMI port is not available directly but you can buy a 10 feet long HDMI output cable for less than $20.DVD Drive - Other laptops tend to have DVD drive as an attachment but in a MBP it is inseparable (at least by the looks of it). The DVD drives on the two other laptops I owned before MBP used to make a quirky sound when I used to wake them up from sleep or do a restart, no such sounds on the MBP.Battery - The longest battery life out I could extract from MBP was about 6 hours with browsing. That is pretty good considering that other cheaper laptops can only last for 2.5 hours. Of course you can upgrade your battery on the other laptops but you need to compromise on the weight.Power Chord and Charger - One of my friends accidentally tripped over a $1000 Sony Vaio's power chord and the machine fell on the floor with brute force. I still remember how anxious he was till the machine powered up. This would not happen with a MBP, the chord attaches to the MBP with magnet, in case of an accident the power chord would detach itself and nothing would still happen to the MBP. The adapter is light weight and you can carry it in a backpack (no big bundles like the ones you see for HP and Dell).Function Keys - I use the function keys in Windows 7 machines to close application, essentially which means that I am going to just use F4 for pressing Ctrl+F4 or Alt+F4. I like the Apple's way of function keys, pretty easy to use and only contains what we exactly need. Ctrl+F4 and Alt+F4 are replaced by CMD+W in OS X.Webcam - 720p & perfect for Skype.Backlit Keyboard - If you have not used one without a backlit keyboard before you will love this option.Resale Value - Based on the eBay listings I can say that you could expect to recover 75% of the actual value of a MBP if you maintain it well (if sold within a year of purchase).Apple Warranty - International warranty for 1 year + easy replacement within 3 months + Apple protection for 3 years for $200 (warranty is international again) is really worth it. I felt that my battery was losing its power quickly and Apple Store promptly replaced the battery for me.Cons (the only one)Speakers Sound - Sound is kind of low for me, I really wish that it was louder.So to summarize I am impressed with the hardware by every bit and I really do not have any complaints about the hardware design.******************************************************************************In conclusion, if you are going to use your laptop for Microsoft Office and want to connect to Windows machine through Remote Desktop or VPN, I would recommend not to jump the ship to OS X and instead consider other alternatives listed below. The experience of Microsoft Office, switching between applications and productivity is much better on Windows 7.I would still recommend a MBP if you want to buy a laptop for casual browsing and simple applications at home, the hardware design is pretty awesome and Apple support is trustworthy.Alternatives to consider - Similar hardware design with Windows 7 would be a very good combination and that brings me to Windows Ultrabooks. Ultrabooks are about the same price (or in some cases cheaper than MBP), faster with a SSD and are very appealing with Windows 8 soon on the cards. I read on tech websites that HP Envy Spectre 14, Lenovo U300S, Asus Zenbook, HP Folio 13, Dell XPS and Samsung Series 9 are pretty well built like a MBP but run on Windows 7. Samsung Series 9 looks pretty good and has a 15" option as well, so thats some good news if you are a Windows fan.
computer|I bought my MacBook Pro 13" two weeks and I'm amazed by how good this machine is. I was having a though time deciding between the 13" MacBook Air or the MacBook Pro 13" (Both baseline models, priced at 1,200 $ retail) I went for the MacBook pro because I needed lots of storage and 128gb on the MacBook Air are just not enough for me and even if I had bought the MacBook Air it would had defeated the purpose of the Air since it wouldn't be so "portable" if I had to take an external Hard drive everywhere with me. So... Pros and Cons:Pros:Speed: This MacBook pro is fast, really fast, it boots up in around 30 seconds, apps open quickly and the MacBook doesn't lag when it comes to video editing, and Photoshop also runs decently. Design: The computer has a great design, its not that thick, it has all the necessary ports, even a battery indicator which I think is awesome, it also has USB 3 which is really nice and fastKeyboard: The keyboard is amazing, the keys are sensitive and it feels amazing to type on them, the keyboard is backlit, which is perfect for typing in low lights situations.Trackpad: The glass trackpad is really nice, its big, the entire trackpad is a button and the gestures are really nice. Simply the best trackpad I've used.Battery: Battery life is pretty good, I get around 5-6 hours doing normal tasks.OS X: This is my first mac and I'm impressed by OS X Mountain Lion, it comes with no 3th party software, it comes with all the apps you need + the Mac App Store is great for finding new apps. The OS is fast and fluid, everything is organized and it's just beautiful. I'm coming from Windows 7 and the switch was quite easy for me.Cons:Screen: I think 1280-by-800 is quite low for a computer this expensive and that its claimed to be a professional notebook, even the 13" MacBook air has a better display. Don't get me wrong, the display is not that bad looking, in fact its quite good, but for something this expensive it will be nice if it came with a better screen.Overall this is a great computer, its fast, has a great design, big storage (Even though it's a bit slow, but I'm planning on upgrading to a SSD soon) and awesome battery life. I will recommend this MacBook to anyone looking for a good portable notebook.One more thing, Windows users don't let OS X stop you from switching, the first days it's a bit hard to get used to it but after you will love Mountain Lion, and if you need any specific windows application that wont run in OS X there's plenty of ways of getting Windows 7 in a Macintosh
computer|I purchased this Macbook about a week ago, and I have to say that I'm genuinely satisfied. I come from the high-end Windows laptop user base; my previous laptop was a Dell XPS. I thought the transition would be difficult at best and would take some time to fully familiarize myself with the new Mac ecosystem. If you are considering switching from a Windows computer, do it. I have no regrets. OS X is simply amazing, and while there is a learning curve if you're coming from another OS, it's easy as pie to understand. Everything just works on a Mac. WIth the exception of some games- but with Boot Camp you can install Windows on any Mac. And this MacBook looks as good as it performs. Simple details, crafted aluminium and real glass make this laptop blow away the other plastic ridden, bulky sticker filled laptops. This computer exceeds my expectations in almost every category.My only issues with the laptop are as follows:1) It looks beautiful. Yes, that's a good thing, but it's made from aluminum that scratches easily. You're better off buying a case alongside the purchase of your mac. A keyboard cover also wouldn't hurt. A scratch on a $1,500 MacBook is unforgivable.2) There is no HDMI port. This is an issue for me, as I frequently connect my computer to my television. But there is a simple solution; purchase a mini-displayport to HDMI adapter.3) The sound on this laptop is severely lacking. On my previous XPS (and other mid-range laptops) sound really wasn't an issue. But with this laptop, the bass is very weak and the sound comes out sounding tinny. My solution to this was to purchase Boom by Global Delight ([...]). Boom is a software application that adds sort of system wide equalizer to the Mac, thus affecting all outgoing sounds. It's a good fix, in my opinion. I have it set up to bass boost all the time, and the music comes out sounding decent, if not SLIGHTLY tinny (MUCH less tinny than before).So there you have it. And if price is a concern, you're really paying for build quality. I've never seen any other laptop at this quality for much cheaper.
computer|I'm photographer and like most of the beginners, I started with a very basic computer, actually old... Very old pc (windows 7). Don't misunderstand, I'm not saying I'm super professional and I'm still learning, but I get paid for the job I do (weddings, food photography, etc)So, when upgraded to this jewel I just got speechless because of the speed on each task with large files (.tiff) dimensions 6 x 3 ft. With software like photoshop and above after effects, etc.I'm very happy... I love this computer and definitely recommend to anyone.
computer|Like many young professionals in the arts, I needed a mac but I couldn't afford to buy it directly from the source. I took the time to search product reviews and found that Jay Brokers not only had a strong trend of great reviews (like many people on amazon), but what was unique was that they took the time to positively respond to people who had given them so-so or negative reviews.The product was exactly how they described it in the mail: gently used with minor scratches --although they kind of exaggerated on the scratches--I had to really look to see them. It had 16 battery cycles prior to my purchase and worked brand new. They even included a complementary screen cloth. I feel bad that I'm just getting to doing this review for them because I had a great experience and I love my new mac.
computer|
computer|This is not my first Mac computer, and certainly will not be my last. Before I begin, I will say that I am not like a good percentage of the people that will end up writing a review on this computer - I am not an Apple fanboy. I have owned many PC computers as well, and like them too. I currently own a Lenovo laptop as well as my new MacBook Pro, and each have their own strengths and weaknesses.To start with the strengths:1. OSX Lion is a great performer..extremely fast and reliable. I have it installed on my iMac desktop computer as well and love it. Not to mention this comes with a free upgrade to Mountain Lion, which is very nice.2. Screen looks great. Even though it is not the Retina display you can get on the 15.4 inch model, the screen is fantastic. Very bright and crystal clear with excellent color.3. Quietest laptop I have ever owned. Keeps quiet even when the computer is under a heavy load.4. First computer I have owned with USB 3.0. I bought an external hard drive when I purchased this laptop as well so I could utilize the USB 3.0. I got the hard drive yesterday and transferred all of my files from my old laptop to the new hard drive so I could put them on my MacBook. It took about 1/5th of the time it did with USB 2.0.5. My Lenovo laptop does not have an illuminated keyboard, so the keyboard on this laptop is a big plus in my opinion. Excellent for people that like to work or surf the web while their significant other is sleeping.6. The trackpad - can't even compare it to any trackpad I have seen on any other laptop computer.7. Excellent battery life while being a very fast performer. It definitely has the best of both worlds. I average about 6 hours on a charge. My Lenovo (with similar graphics, processor, etc. and same use) only lasts about 4 or 5 hours on a full charge.8. Typical Apple simplistic styling. I love the look of the Apple products. Simple and clean.9. Many, many more...but those are the most notable ones to me.Now, for the weaknesses.1. The only thing I dislike about this laptop are the rubber pads found on the bottom of the computer for grip. They may get softer and more sticky as time goes by, but right now they are far from that. The pads on the bottom of my Lenovo are definitely much better and don't allow the computer to slide around while I am using the computer on a glass topped desk.2. Price - it's a bit pricey for the performance you get, but the added perks of Mac OSX and the durability and support of Apple products makes up for it. For the same price, you can get a PC with more memory, larger hard drive, better graphics, and a faster processor, but then you remember you're running Windows 7, which isn't nearly as well built as Mac OSX.In conclusion - this is a great laptop. Although it is a little pricey, it is well worth the extra money. So far, the only issue I have with it (rubber pads) is a very small problem that does not change how this laptop performs in any way.If you are thinking about getting a MacBook Pro laptop but do not want to spend a huge amount of money for one, this is definitely the way to go. It may be considered the "base model" MacBook Pro, but it still an excellent computer. The size and battery life of this computer makes it excellent for people that need a laptop that is very mobile. Between work and college classes, I needed a lightweight yet durable computer and this definitely fits that criteria.9.5/10
computer|I used to be a die hard windows fan. I was always bashing OSx for the usual things (too expensive, too dumb, et cetera, et cetera), and I never really gave it a chance. Windows 7 was my OS of choice from the day it came out, and I used it on many different computers with (or at least what I thought then) good results. It's certainly not a bad OS but...This past holiday season, I got an Asus tablet PC. I wanted to love it, I really did. I gave it a five star review here on Amazon, and I tried my very hardest to use it to it's fullest potential. It was working fine for a while, until I tried the Windows 8 beta. It was all down-hill from there. Viruses, problems (beyond those that should be in a beta, and a general ugliness drove me absolutely insane, and I decided to move away from Windows, at least temporarily. I bought a Chromebook, and while I absolutely love it and highly recommend it, I wanted more out a computer than it offered.So, nearly on a whim, I bought a Mac. I have never made a better tech decision. Literally everything about it is better than any computer I've ever used, from the operating system to the hardware.People typically say that the real reason they love Macs and other Apple products is because of the build quality. While the build quality on this computer is INSANELY good (I feel bad hauling it around with me; I feel like it should be in an art museum), I really think it's the software that makes this a standout computer and computing experience. I've had absolutely zero backround in OSx up until now, and already I am easily finding my way around this computer. Granted, I've had a good backround in Linux and OSx is similar, but the fact that I'm easily navigating a brand new operating system after only one day is quite the contrast from Windows, now that I can look at it objectively. OSx Lion is wonderful. The multi-touch gestures and the multi-touch mouse itself are immensely helpful, and it's because of features like these that make it clear to me that it's almost necessary for a company to make the hardware for a product if they're making the software as well. Everything works extremely well together.Like I said, the included apps put Windows to shame. With the exception of Outlook (which I personally hate, but my Mom has a Mac and can't stand the contacts App and uses Outlook), I can't think of a single, rational person who would pick Windows software over Apple software when it comes to things like media, photo/video editing, and email. To be perfectly honest, it's ridiculous how well all this stuff works. I downloaded the iWorks office suite (which is not free, though significantly cheaper than Microsoft Office), and they also work like a charm. I really don't create a whole lot of spreadsheets or slide shows so I can't guarantee a qualified opinion on Numbers (Excel) or Keynote (PowerPoint), but the Pages app is lightyears ahead of Microsoft Word. I also downloaded Logic Pro 9 (an music synthesizer/recording studio app) after having used it with friends a few months back, and have spent hours digging into another fantastic piece of Mac Software, and I can say for a fact that it is truly unparalleled in the Windows world.The actual hardware internals of the computer are amazing. The new Ivy Bridge processors whip through anything I can throw at them, and the 8 gb of fast (1600 mhz) ram makes multi-tasking a breeze. The nVidia graphics card, while not a show-stopper, is completely adequate for some heavy-duty video editing in something like Final Cut or Photo Shop (though I haven't used Photo Shop in about a year now, so I'm not COMPLETELY sure about the latter of the two statements), or gaming (whether you dual-boot or pick one of the games from the increasingly impressive OSx catalogue). The speakers, while not mind-blowing, are much better than what I'm used to from integrated laptop speakers, and the screen, even though I opted for the non-HD screen, is very good; colors are bright and saturated, the pixel density is more than satisfactory, and the viewing angles are some of the best I've ever seen. Battery life is as good as advertised, and the computer starts and runs much more quickly than I'm used to, especially considering that this computer doesn't have flash storage.I haven't run into a single thing I would change about this computer up to this point. I love the software, I love the hardware, and I love my decision. If you're in the market for an exceptional, powerful notebook, look no further. I can't recommend this computer highly enough.Edit: While the great things that I mentioned about OSx are all still completely viable and even after several weeks (months, perhaps?) of heavy usage I haven't experienced any problems. Mountain Lion is a great update and even though I don't own an iPhone or an iPad (I'm more of an android guy), I still like almost all of the additions it brings to OSx.However, I have since installed Windows. Bootcamp is a marvelous program, and in about 20 minutes I had Windows 7 working great on my computer. All the drivers were installed and performance was great. Once I actually started playing games though, several design flaw were suddenly extremely apparent to me, and they were apparent in a very bad way.I'm not sure if Windows is just a more demanding operating system or if a fan driver was left out of my Bootcamp install, but the cooling of this computer when doing ANYTHING intensive under Windows is absolutely atrocious. The unibody design is gorgeous. It's revolutionary, it's stylish, it's classy, and it has major practical issues. The vents are hidden under the hinges of the screen, and anything but the most perfect of screen angles will block off much of the fans output. Even with the fans blowing full blast at nearly all times while running Windows, the computer gets extremely hot during usage. I use a laptop as a literal "lap" top computer frequently. This works fine under OSx; it's impossible under Windows. The bottom of the computer gets painfully hot during heavy usage (to the point where I literally can't touch it for more than a few seconds), and the metal area (ironically) around the "wasd" keys gets extremely hot as well. I've had the computer completely overheat three times only in the past two weeks. Since I only play online games, this isn't a real issue, but I can't imagine what would happen were someone actually doing something important on a Windows partition and have the computer overheat and shut down. Even with good ventilation (meaning smooth granite surfaces and a laptop stand specifically designed to enhance ventilation), there is no avoiding an extremely hot computer and constantly whirring fans.Long story short, I'm very glad they improved the fan design in the Retina Display Macbooks, because it is, frankly, very, very poor here.I'm conflicted on whether I should change my overall rating of the computer though. Even though Macs are equipped (through Bootcamp) to run Windows, they weren't designed to do so, and I certainly haven't had a single issue while running (the far superior) OSx. Considering the fact that I should be basing my opinion of the product on its own merits and not on those of a competing product, I don't think I will change my overall scoring. I do think it is prudent to add, however, that cooling while running Windows 7 is terrible. If you NEED Windows, stick with a Windows computer. They will most likely handle Windows better than this one will.
computer|I purchased the newly updated 13" MacBook Pro and the newly updated 13" MacBook Air the day they were announced at WWDC and released for sale in June 2012. (My 13" MacBook Pro is the 2.9 GHz i7 model, and my MacBook Air is factory upgraded to a 2.0 GHz i7 processor and 8GB RAM.)After using the two machines side-by-side for a couple weeks now, I can say that the MacBook Air outperforms the MacBook Pro in almost every task and in terms of overall speed and performance. Compared with the newly refreshed and updated Air, the new MacBook Pro is frankly a significant disappointment, and I've pretty much stopped using it altogether in favor of the faster Air. Despite the Air's slower CPU clock speed, it performs faster than the Pro in actual tasks due to the performance boost afforded by it's SSD hard drive. The SSD drive on the MacBook Air makes an enormous difference in everything from casual web browsing to video editing.If you're debating which 13" MacBook to buy, the 13" MacBook Air or the 13" MacBook Pro, here's a side-by-side comparison...Speed and Performance: Advantage MacBook AirApart from the hard drives and port configurations, the technology inside the machines is virtually identical in both the newly refreshed MacBook Air and MacBook Pro. Both Pros and Airs come with either i5 or i7 Intel "Ivy Bridge" processors, Intel HD Graphics 4000, USB 3.0, and lightning-fast Thunderbolt ports. While the MacBook Air models are at a disadvantage to the MacBook Pro models in terms of CPU clock speeds, any performance disadvantage from the processor speed is more than made up for by the lightning fast performance of the Air's SSD hard drive, which Apple markets as "Flash" storage. In everyday tasks from gaming to web browsing to watching Flash movies and editing video, the MacBook Air is faster significantly faster in virtually every task. The Air boots up in less than 12 seconds while the Pro takes upwards of one minute.Screen: Advantage MacBook AirIf you've never used a MacBook Air, much less the new Retina display 15" MacBook Pro, then you won't notice just how outdated the MacBook pro's screen is. However, once you get used to the super high resolution 1440 x 900 LED display on the MacBook Air, the 1280 x 800 back-lit LED display on the MacBook Pro looks downright grainy and primitive. Simply put, once you get used to a higher resolution display, the 1280 x 800 display on the 13" MacBook Pro just isn't acceptable. Even for simple tasks like email or word processing where you wouldn't think the resolution would matter, the graphics look grainy and pixelated, which just isn't acceptable for a pro-level laptop in 2012.Upgradability: Advantage MacBook ProThe Pro's only major advantage over the Air comes in terms of the flexibility of its hardware, ease of repair, and upgradability. With only a screw driver and about 10 minutes of your time, you can add more memory to the Pro, replace the hard drive, and even add a second hard drive in place of the optical disc drive. The Air, on the other hand, is stuck in the configuration you purchase it in except that you can opt to replace the SSD "Flash" hard drive with a higher capacity SSD drive.Design, Weight, Portability, Battery Life, and Form Factor: Advantage MacBook AirThe MacBook Air is the most beautiful computer ever produced by man, and the MacBook Pro looks like it's older, pudgy relative. The Air's aluminum case is impeccably designed, almost tailored to accommodate the necessary internal components, while maintaining practical ergonomics. It's an incredibly thin, svelte, sexy little notebook. The MacBook Air's aluminum case seems sturdy and durable, and its mechanics are very similar to the time-test unibody construction of the MacBook Pro. The MacBook Pro, on the other hand, is a bit of a dinosaur in its bulky circa 2006 unibody. The Pro is heavier than a half gallon of milk at 4.5 lbs, while the MacBook Air weighs in at less than 2.9 lbs. Battery life is roughly even on both machines at anywhere from 4 to 7 hours depending on workload and settings.Summary Judgement: Buy the MacBook Air (or opt for the new 15" Retina display MacBook Pro)Simply put, the guts of the MacBook Air and the MacBook Pro are basically the same, but the Air's SSD hard drive gives it a tremendously significant boost in performance. Sadly, the MacBook Pro's 5400-rpm hard drive leaves the machine unable to capitalize on the newest, most expensive Intel "Ivy Bridge" i5 and i7 processors that you're paying a $300 premium for in the newly updated Pros. If you are going to buy a Pro, invest the extra money and get it upgraded with a SSD hard drive and get an extra external hard drive if you need additional cheap storage space for multimedia files. When you also consider the superior display, lighter weight, increased portability, and lower price of the MacBook Air, it's hard to find a reason to justify purchasing the current 13" MacBook Pro, which to me looks like a dinosaur rapidly headed for extinction.Specs on the models compared:13" MacBook Air (mid 2012) factory upgraded to the 2.0 GHz dual core i7 processor and factory upgraded to 8 GB RAM (1600MHz DDR3L SDRAM) with standard 256 GB SSD ("Flash") hard drive13" MacBook Pro (mid 2012) with 2.9 GHz dual core i7 processor, 8 GB RAM (1600MHz DDR3L SDRAM), and 750GB Serial ATA Drive @ 5400 rpmBoth feature Intel HD 4000 Graphics, 3.0 USB, Thunderbolt, 802.11n, etc.
computer|After owning my MacBook for a month I finally feel ready to review it accurately. Let me start off by saying that I was highly reluctant to spend so much money on a laptop. I've always been a Windows guy so I've known that you can buy laptops with equivalent specs to Macs for a good deal cheaper. Though after comparing different laptops I was not able to find one that had a satisfactory build quality. The closest I could find were laptops made by Asus, but even then I read of too many build quality issues that made me uneasy. Ultrabooks made by other companies had good quality, but by then they cost just as much as the MacBook but with lower specs. So I decided to take the plunge with this MacBook after demoing it in a Apple Store. Here are the things that made me confident with my purchase:Build Quality - Seriously, you can't beat a unibody construction. While other laptops creak when you pick them up due to the various plastic components screwed together, the Macbook feels firm. The only thing that initially concerned me was that the lid would slightly creak when you closed it. Running waxed dental floss through the hinges solved this.Trackpad and Keyboard- This extra large trackpad is heavenly to use. Having the whole trackpad function as a giant button is a lot more comfortable to use. Plus two finger clicking as a replacement for the right click button is surprisingly intuitive. The keyboard keys are well spaced and the led backlighting is very cool.Power System - I regularly get around 6 hours from the battery, which I am more than satisfied with. The magsafe plugin system is more handy than I thought it would be, and there is a neat led battery indicator on the side of the notebook that makes checking the battery level with the computer off easy.OS X - Mine initially came with Lion, but after upgrading to Mountain Lion I am even more satisfied. Everything runs fast and animations are fluid. I love the multi touch features, which again is something I initially didn't think I would really need. It took me a little time to get used to using finder after being accustomed to windows explorer, but I am confident now in my ability to navigate through files just as quickly as in Windows.Dual Booting - I have a few engineering programs that only run on Windows so I decided to install Windows 7 through bootcamp. Because it boots natively from the hard drive, it runs just as smoothly as any other Windows laptop. Remember folks, this computer doesn't have any magical internal components. The Intel Chipset is the same used in any other laptop and thus Windows runs just the same with the proper drivers installed.Chipset - The Intel Core i5 runs very fast with minimal heat. The Intel Graphics 4000 is more than adequate for most applications.I could even run Portal 2 on maximum graphics settings and play 1080p video without it breaking a sweat. The fan almost never revs up to an audible level. This is in part to the aluminum body being a giant heat sink. So yes, the laptop body can get warm at times. But it is never uncomfortably warm when I use it on my lap. Ill probably upgrade the RAM and the harddrive to an SSD in the future, but for now they are fine.So all in all I am very happy with my purchase. I am officially a Mac convert and will use this laptop for a very long time.Also, all the Windows "gamers" who are trashing Macs need to gain some perspective. Yes, I can get a Core i7 laptop with a dedicated graphics card for a lot cheaper than the MacBook. But I decided to spend the extra money to get a better engineered laptop with some nifty extra features.
computer|Protip: Upgrade with Crucial 256 GB m4 2.5-Inch Solid State Drive SATA 6Gb/s CT256M4SSD2 and Komputerbay 16GB (2x 8GB) DDR3 PC3-12800 1600MHz SODIMM 204-Pin Laptop Memory 10-10-10-27 with Black Heatspreaders to make your MBP perform faster than you can think.I transitioned from PC all through high school to a white MacBook in 2006 for college. Added an iMac about 2 years later. Then, switched back to primarily PC for work on a HP Envy 14. I also took some time to build a sweet gaming PC rig. And now, after selling the iMac (not really used since college), the gaming PC and the HP Envy 14, I have hopped back onto this MacBook Pro 13 inch.I'm very glad to be back on an Apple product. Having used PCs exclusively for the last 2 years, I can identify a few specific reasons why I wanted to get back to Mac.1) Mouse mechanics - there is really nothing in the PC market that compares to the Mac trackpad. The closest alternative to its smooth, accurate and conveniently place functionality is the Lenovo ThinkPad's red nipple. Since I work often where having to pull out a separate mouse would be inconvenient, this was an important point for me.2) Battery life - even new, the HP Envy only hits 3 hours or so on a full charge. I can squeeze close to 6 hours out of the MBP. Trips on the road make the doubled battery life very useful.3) Lion productivity features - I remember having to use a second monitor on my PC setups just for the real estate. i can honestly say that I am fine without that now when able to swipe between desktops with 3 finger motions on this trackpad. Having a second monitor anyway is a bonus now that lets me just keep iTunes or Outlook open on the side.4) Speed - Lion and the upgrades I've added to this MBP (listed above) have made this computer incredibly fast. I can crunch through 500,000 row Excel spreadsheets, update my iPhone firmware, and watch a 720p YouTube without any noticeable hitches. Startup takes less than 10 seconds, waking from start is instantaneous (so awesome and useful!), install speeds are zippy.5) Prettiness - beautiful work machines can inspire better and more creative work. It does more than just make me want to use the MBP more - it's a constant reminder of how careful planning, bold design choices, good engineering, and hard work make inspirational products.Clearly I'm a fan. Still, I'm going to deduct a star for three reasons:1) Price - it's expensive for the components inside. The price essentially values the Lion OS X and integrated software/hardware at something like $200 over similar Windows systems.2) Fragile aesthetics - the aluminum frame scratches a little too easily and the glossy screen picks up fingerprints/oil. I'm babying the hell out of this MBP, which means taking off my aircraft aluminum watch before using it and wiping its screen down about once every other day.3) Glossy screen - screen glare makes working in sunlight basically impossible.
computer|For a premium laptop sold in 2013, the Apple MacBook Pro (13 inch, base model) is about as basic as it gets: no SSD, no discrete graphics, no 1080p display, and no touch screen. But Apple does not pretend it has any of these. What it does have is great reliability on the software side and hardware side, Apple's OSX Mountain Lion, the sleek looks Apple always delivers, reasonable specs, good battery life, nice keyboard, and excellent trackpad.Now, the question is, who is this computer for? Those looking for a bargain laptop will shy away from the enormous price tag, and those who want to play the latest games do not ever use Macs. The average computer user will be served better by a Macbook Air, since it is faster (for basic tasks), lighter, and has a higher-res antiglare screen. The MacBook Pro 13.3 inch laptop is for those who want to use a Mac, but value performance and upgradability over weight and screen resolution. This Mac will last longer than any other simply because it is the easiest to upgrade and repair. Hard drives can be replaced, RAM can be added as needed, and the internal battery can be replaced after losing its ability to hold a charge. The processor is roughly 15% faster than the one inside the Macbook Air, which also extends this computer's usable lifespan.The fact that the screen is fairly low-res for the price (MBP 13 has a res of 1280x800, while other windows laptops have a res of 1600x900 for the same price), really detracts from my personal experience with the computer. The retina display of my iPhone 5 has indeed spoiled me, and Apple should update the screen of the MBP 13 or bring down the price of the retina model. This, added with the fact that the speed of the hard drive is very slow for the money, detracts from the computer's value. Lowering the price by one hundred dollars would justify the hard drive and screen and make the computer a five-star purchase, but for the price, this is a four star (good) computer. Those looking to drop $1200 on a new laptop will have to decide if the upgradability and processor performance is worth the money over the sleeker MacBook Air. In addition, if Mac OSX is not something you enjoy using, then I would advise that you look elsewhere for a laptop.TLDR version: good, reliable laptop with mediocre screen and slow hard drive.
computer|Apple's released another great MacBook Pro.The MagsSafe 2 is an improvement in that it provides a more elegant vertical cable orientation rather than the original MagSafe connection that stuck out horizontally (like traditional cables). Note, however, that any existing MagSafe accessories you have will not work with the MagSafe 2 connection. Apple does provide a MagSafe to MagSafe 2 Converter.Unlike the 13" MacBook Pro or new MacBook Pro with Retina Display, this model does include an Ethernet port.The new Thunderbolt port replaces the previous Mini Displayport from the previous generation. It provides much more flexibility for connectivity. There's an increasing number of Thunderbolt accessories such as external disk drives and displays, though you do pay a price for the improved performance. The same port is compatible with existing MiniDisplay accessories and cables, which lets you connect a display via HDMI, DVI, or VGA with various adapters. If you have devices that use a regular DisplayPort, adapters from Mini DisplayPort to DisplayPort are also available.The Firewire 800 port provides support for existing FireWire 800 digital video devices or external hard drives.The 2 USB ports have been upgraded to support the much faster USB 3.0 devices while retaining support for existing USB 2.0 devices. USB 3.0 hard drives like the Western Digital My Passport 1 TB USB 3.0 Portable Hard Drive are great for TimeMachine backups. TimeMachine now supports FileVault encryption, and TimeMachine provides the option to Encrypt Backup Disk when you connect a compatible disk the first time.The SDXD card slot supports SD cards up to 64GB cards. It's ideal for transferring photos from your digital camera. You can also use an SD card as a startup disk such as a custom "rescue disk" that also has applications like the essential Alsoft DiskWarrior 4.0 or Drive Genius 3. NOTE: If you use FileVault 2 to encrypt your entire hard drive, you'll have to decrypt it before using any 3rd party utilities run from an external drive.The Audio In port works with standard 3.5" mics, while the adjacent Headphone / Audio Out port does 3 things. It supports standard analog audio out using a 3.5" cable, digital output using a mini-optical to Toslink cable. It also supports the iPhone headphone with Mic and remote (and compatible headphones) that allow you to have audio in and out in one port. It's ideal for FaceTime chats and VoIP applications.The FaceTime camera in the top bezel supports full 720p HD.While the battery life is rated at 7 hours, my time averages about 5 hours, but it recharges very quickly.I'm a fan of Extended Warranties like the well-known AppleCare, which allows you to take your computer to your nearest Apple store and let the Geniuses take care of the rest. I opted for the SquareTrade 3-Year Computer Accidental Protection Warranty ($1500-2000) which also support "accidents" like drops and spills that are NOT covered by AppleCare. Unlike AppleCare, though, it's a mail-in service with a 5-day guaranty.All of that's great, but to really soup it up, I upgraded the RAM to 16 GB with something like the Corsair Vengeance Laptop Memory Kit 16 GB (2x8 GB) DDR3 1600MHz CL10 PC3 12800 (CMSX16GX3M2A1600C10). That's a quick upgrade that even a novice can do in under 30 minutes. You'll need a small phillips screw driver and a nylon pry tool. If you're going to do any upgrades such as RAM or hard drive, I recommend the NewerTech 11 Piece Computer ToolKit. It contains all the various screw drivers (phillips and torx) needed for Apple devices and 2 nylon pry tools.Another upgrade that's a little more difficult is upgrading the hard drive to either a larger drive like the Western Digital 1 TB Scorpio Blue SATA II 5400 RPM 8 MB Cache 2.5-Inch Bulk/OEM Notebook Hard Drive - WD10JPVT or an SSD flash drive like the Crucial 256 GB m4 2.5-Inch Solid State Drive SATA 6Gb/s CT256M4SSD2.Both of those upgrades shouldn't void the warranty according to the FTC's Magnuson-Moss Warranty Act of 1975, though the upgraded components would be covered by its manufacturer's warranty and not Apple.I use a lot of virtual machines and photo and video editing software, so I went all-out, though, and used the OWC Data Doubler Optical drive to SATA Hard Drive/SSD Converter to replace the SuperDrive with the stock hard drive, installed 16 GB RAM, and a 256 GB SSD. NOTE: These modifications are NOT covered by AppleCare, and I wouldn't recommend going that far unless you're comfortable with more advanced computer issues.That said, this laptop is screaming and wicked-fast. I easily see it lasting me 4+ years.
computer|this review is about my personal honest experience, i am not a computer wizard.like most of you, i had a hard time thinking which one to buy, an air or a pro. what i did is purchased the two and see which one will better suit my needs and send back the one that I won't like. so I went at my local best buy and did so. after using both products for 14days, here are my thoughts.the macbook air looks very beautiful on the outside. it's so thin and light and can be used anywhere like a tablet. to sum things up, the MB air is more of a fashion statement than a work horse. is it faster than a pro? yes only by 10-15secs during start up. the audio quality sounds thin but loud. the pro has a deeper sound. air has higher resolution but the fonts are small. what I hate about it is the screen display color. macbook pro by far has more vivid colors and if you love to watch netflix and hd videos like me, the pro is a better choice. i like the design of the air but i'm sorry to say that it is more like a toy than a real life laptop. if you have a main computer, the air is a very good addition but if you only need an all in one computer like me to take with you, store data, watch videos, do picture and video editing and plan to use for a very long time, then the macbook pro is a better choice and for me is more sturdy. one reviewer says that the air has better screen display but I don't agree with that because i am an amateur photographer and im pretty sure i know which has the better display. in the long run you will be needing that dvd drive, the storage and ram that you can customize, the ethernet and ports that are already built in and most of all the screen display. the macbook pro still looks stunningly beautiful and is a more capable laptop. even the keyboard is better to type on. the air is super light weight but the pro still is light. we still need to use our muscles sometimes. battery life are identical 5-6 hrs.I got more from my money on the pro and it is a better choice for me that's why I kept it and sent the air back for a refund. again this is just my personal honest opinion.
computer|This is my first review on Amazon so please bare with me.I am a college student that was looking for a laptop. And at first I was thinking I was going to get something like a i7 with dedicated Gpu windows computer. But I am glad I didn't!FOR ALL WINDOWS FANS, first of all I want to share that I do not hate windows since I game on my windows desktop that I built myself.But my experience with windows laptops has not been the best. Always had miscellaneous problems with video drivers, screen, touch pad you name it! But I thought to myself that hey! at least I have really good spec laptop. Wrong! once I switched to mac all those things seemed unacceptable! I have now noticed that apple really take their time making their laptops and quality is there as well! Now here are some of my reviews of the specs.Cpu- although its a dual core it has more than enough speed for everyday useGpu- although its a integrated gpu it has more than enough everyday power for regular use. (unless your a gamer, or need the dedicated gpu for high demanding work) , which a lot of us do not need for college.Hard drive - this is the one thing I am considering upgrading for the 5400 rpm speed to a 7200 rpm hard drive since it is a cheap but effective upgrade for boot times and opening apps.Ram - this I am not even considering upgrading since this ram is fast and 4GB is more than enough for everyday use. The only reason I would upgrade is if I would be running many apps at the same time.Screen - although some people might complain about low res which I think is ridiculous. I will also say it is much better than I expected! Since the contrast of colors makes it seem so crisp! I would go as far as saying the colors and contrast is better than some pc laptops with higher res screens.Cooling design- I also think this is better since MB's do not has fans under and on the sides where when you have it on your lap it will suck in a considering of dust. The mac-book's cooling system is made in a way where you can actually consider it a LAP top.Other things like DVD-RW drive was my deal breaker to get the non-retina pro since I need it.Also the network plug is a plus since if you do not have reliable wifi it will come in handy!Back-lit keyboard which also was a must and is am glad to say it is very good.Speakers- are the one thing I miss from my windows laptop. Since these are loud enough if there are no loud obstructions near you, but do not let throw you off because they are fine for moderate noises for example: at starbucks.Touchpad- this is the most profound thing that makes any other touchpad inferior and make it feel way ahead of it's time! Makes web browsing a breeze and switching either from windows, to desktop or anything a breeze!This laptop is light enough to carry in your backpack the whole day. Has a nice aluminum finish, but I considered getting a sleeve and case to ensure I would not damage or scratch it.If you need the extra performance I would strongly urge you to get a 15" MBP since they have the added dedicated Gpu, i7 Cpu, and better speakers.If you need a windows operating system for a app then I would urge you to partition your hard drive for both os systems since you will still use mac os much much much more!All in all many people (like me) think they need a high spec laptop for school which is not true! I would strongly urge you to try out a macbook! It made me switch and I am sure you will too!
computer|I wanted to be one of the cool kids because I'm a loser. So I bought this apple computer thinking it would make me cooler. Well I was wrong! This thing is a pos with just intel 4000 HD integrated graphics. I shoulda bought a windows instead. I could of saved 600 dollars. Macs are terrible and they make your life miserable.
computer|I was way overdue for a new Mac laptop and finally broke down and bought this one. I'm happy with it.
computer|My second macbook pro. Nothing bad to say about it. Amazing hardware and full compatibility. The OS upgrade worked perfectly. Really great...
computer|I received my macbook pro literally one week ago and my optical drive it not working and apple support told me I now have to take time out of my busy schedule to bring this thing in for service. This is why I purchased a BRAND NEW LAPTOP in the first place so it wouldn't have ANY problems. Extremely annoyed.
computer|MY TRACKPAD IS NOT WORKING. Extremely disappointed with the way it is. I just opened it today and its not working.
computer|Well let me start at the beginning. I am a male in my mid 20's. For all of my life I have owned toshiba laptops. For the most part they have treated me well. But when it really came down to it they just were not very reliable. Sound board stopped working and the internal fans never seemed to keep the laptops cool enough. I say all that to say this. Switching computer brands is one thing, but switching your OS is a much bigger step. This is the step i finally took. After buying a new Macbook Pro 13in I can say it has been the best purchase in electronics i have ever made. I am a man who loves to research and in all my searching I could not find a computer that is an equal to the macbook pro.I am 100% pleased with this purchase. It was far more then i though it would be.If you have any worries about buying it from Amazon just make sure that the one you are buying is sold by Amazon and not a 3rd party seller. Amazon always has a cheaper price then most sellers and is a safe way to purchase your new apple product.Enjoy!
computer|I just bought the new MacBook Pro, the 13" model, and I can't believe Apple keeps making the same mistake with regard to USB ports. This laptop has only 2 USB ports, and they are both on the same side. But worst of all, they are too close to each other! I can't connect my printer AND my USB thumb drive at the same time. The ports are too close together! This was the same problem with my MacBook (circa 2007) that I just retired. When will Apple fix this design flaw? It's a nice laptop, but I have to deduct points for such an elementary design flaw.
computer|Pros:1. Very nice unibody construction2. Plenty fast for casual use, with a very decent integrated graphics card3. Perfect size - Not too heavy or light4. User upgradeable RAM and HDDCons:1. Some learning for Mac OS needed but it seems to be fairly intuitive
computer|I confess to having obtained the MacBook Pro in an Apple Store. For personal reasons, I needed hands on. One reason that I can share is that I had been an MS user for years ... and put up with the many frustrations associated with MS. The latest frustration was having a certain brand of laptop, a gift, that was less than two years old suddenly go black screen, only the power light lit and then 7 beeps, a short interval, and more of the 7 beeps (I thought I was in a vehicle backing up). I took it to the store. They didn't even open it up but looked up the beep code which says that it is a processor failure. They handed it back to me and said that it would cost more to repair than to replace ... PERIOD (and more to retrieve any data). I then found that in a matter of a few weeks since the new OS came out that there were just a few machines left with Windows 7, some being the last item on the shelf. I was given a demonstration of Windows 8. I nearly had a 'melt down.' It was overwhelming!!! If you have any handicap, i.e. visual, it is worse. But, that's just my opinion. BTW, I checked online regarding the old laptop that 'died' and found that I was not alone, far from it. I found a number of people with the same laptop a year to less than two years old that had the same sudden failure. Some had replaced the processor without any change. I was told that it seems to be a multi - component failure. One upset person said that the company knew of the problem and was doing nothing about it. I won't say which brand but I was not going to be a ding dong and go back to more grief and certainly not put up with Windows 8. The advertisements are great ... but I did not find the reality good for me. I never used a Mac before. But, when I got it home, I looked at a few videos online and was using it without much difficulty in a short time. Hooking up to my WiFi and wireless all-in-one printer was almost like talking to the Mac and telling it to hook up by itself. What would have been a 'grand process' with a device using MS was a breeze for me on the Mac, the guy who never used a Mac before. I'm happy!
computer|To a prospective buyer, 08/10/2012Once you go Mac, you'll never go back. My wife and I decided to get a Mac desktop several years ago. Was the best decision we ever made. It runs just as fast as the day we got it with no problems! We don't have to de-frag, deliete cookies, run security programs, or any of the common PC problems that have to be delt with in order to keep you running and up to speed. You can't get a virus on Mac, so in the long run the cost of the Mac is saved by not buying security, and not having to replace your computer every year or two. We have had our desktop for around four years. My wife has had her Macbook pro going on three years, and I just purchaced My Macbook pro this year. Never had any issues, no frustrations just great easy wireless, all in one fun!
computer|Solid build quality; stunning good looks,excellent performance,good battery life; I could not ask for more of a notebook. I could not find any PC based notebooks that would compare with it without spending even more.A veryimportant feature is Firewire 800 which in my experience works better then USB3 (in PC enabled with USB3)I was not originally sold on the MAC OS I felt it was inferior in many ways To Windows 7.I had dual boot with Windows parallels; but the performance on windows was poor, so dot use that any more . Now that I have upgraded to Lion I am much happier about MAC OS and have just bought an iMac for office. it all integrates well.I do find the Macbook heavy for travel and I am not enthusiastic about the gloss screen.I recently upgraded to 8GB Ram and the performance is even faster on intensive graphics work.
computer|Super fast and just plain sexy! this thing is beast and worth every penny. As a student I need a reliable and easy to use machine that just simply runs. Well this thing runs to perfection!
computer|simplemente la mejor computadora que haya tenido, muy satisfecho por algo soy fan&aacute;tico de apple y es que sus productos son de primera..!!
computer|Great notebook. This is our first mac computer. There is a bit of a learning curve but it is well worth it. We will never go back.
computer|I took a chance on the warehouse buys... but it paid off. Nothing was even touched except the seal to the box. The laptop hadn't even been booted up. Way impressed.
computer|The macbook pro is a great laptop. Its image is crisp, this isn't the macbook pro with retina display, but you can't tell the difference. If you are switching from a pc, it might take some getting used to, ask someone to show you the details. There is an app store for this laptop just like the iPhone, but the apps are usually more expensive than android apps. Of course Skype, evernote, dropbox are free. I had no problems with over heating and the back light keyboard is great.
computer|Love the size. I am still getting used to using a Mac when I'm a PC person. I mainly bought it for my photography editing and since my other lap top is dying. Small enough size to carry around.
computer|what can i say ... its a mac hahaha really love this computer, its just perfect and good size ..
computer|i will never go back to another brand computer. This one is incredible, but the 15.4 inch screen is the way to go. It really does make a difference.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0074712UY/ref=as_li_ss_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=390957&creativeASIN=B0074712UY&linkCode=as2&tag=amazon070f-20
computer|This is a secured purchase, the computer is beautiful , works perfectly, no words to describe, I am really in love with this laptop
computer|I came in 2 days and the computer is perfect!! I had no problemNo doubt about buying this... I love it!
computer|I am happy with my new macbook. excellent over all but you need a mule to carry it. good luck
computer|How can you not love anything Apple makes...purchased this macbook and by no surprise I love it! Will have to see how well it holds up next to my old hp (which sucks)!
computer|I bought the baseline mac with the intention of replacing the hard drive and adding more ram. I have to say the computer wasnt too bad before the additions. Boot up time was about 35 seconds and the programs were loaded fairly quick. The only drawback is that it became a little warm but not nearly as bad as how others described it. After replacing the stock hdd with a samsung 830 ssd 256gb and 8gb corsair ram, the computer is lighting fast and the temp stays pretty cool. Im very happy with the trackpad and the solid aluminum build. I feel like it was worth the extra few bucks.
computer|My macbook pro is great!It is an apple so what else do you want :-)spent some extra money, try it and you never want another
computer|I received the Mac Pro in 2 days thanks to Prime. This is my first Apple Laptop. I love it. I love how the keyboard lights up.The Mac Air is super fast.And thanks to Amazon the price was fantastic.
computer|I'm not going to talk much about the technical side because there are tons of it online.I got this Mac as a gift to my wife on our anniversary and she was stunned :) So aside from the technical specifications I would say that this is diffidently a great gift.I chose the Mac for a few reasons:- It looks fabulous!- Durable- Extendable (You can upgrade memory and hard disk - not the Mac Air ver)- It is luxurious like a jewelry- The system is easy enough for her and she saw it before- As an all time Windows user I was interested to try the system too :)She love it and I did like it a lot, but I'm going with a Windows 8 device when it comes out ;)
computer|I bought this MacBook Pro for my son (6th grade, he payed for most of it) and he absolutely loves it. It is very fast and looks better than any PC. Also, Mountain Lion is great, and my son has used it for 3 reports already (2 Pages, 1 Keynote) and they all looked very good. The Keynote on was by far the best, and was something that you could never do on Word.
computer|I cannot speak highly enough about my new Apple Mac Pro 15 Inch Laptop - mid 2012 edition. It is quite simply the best. Yes, it's very expensive, but like the old saying goes - you get what you pay for. Apple has made a working work of art. The Mac Pro is simply beautiful and the quality is unmatched. The trackpad is so amazing, that words alone do not do justice to it's simplicity and effectiveness - you have to use it, to fully appreciate it. The design is clean and functional. The aluminum body exudes quality, ruggedness, and coolness. The pre-loaded software is awesome. iTunes alone defies comparison to anything. This laptop is a pleasure to use. It is addictive to use, from the light touch of the keypads, to the beautiful screen, to the ridiculous apps you can download - many free. I highly recommend this laptop to anyone who appreciates a very, very high quality product and will take of it. I am a new Mac addict.
computer|As you can see from the title, I also use PC. My desktop is a PC and the macbook pro is just something I picked up.This laptop is an absolute beauty. The Mac OS is surprisingly fun. Windows allows more "tweaking" but the Mac was just plain fun to use.The display's resolution isn't the best. However......... Actually, I'm not going into ANY details on the pros as you can probably see from all the other reviews.***************************I want to mention a few cosmetic caveats:The aluminum: VERY beautiful but also VERY prone to damage. Try not to get too much sweat on the aluminum, as it will cause these black specks to appear that cannot be erased. I recommend getting a palmguard as well as an outer case/ skin.Keyboard: the material of the keycaps WILL wear out. I know a lot about keyboards and this type of material will definitely gloss up/ wear out. I recommend a keyboard skin.Besides these 2 caveats, I still give this a 5/5. Very nice.Oh right... honestly, comparing PC to APPLE, the price is a little steep. Everyone knows that Apple charges more because it produces it's own thing. However, it's still a great machine.
computer|Really nice laptop, with all the quality i've looking for. The length of the battery is awesome. I hven't use a mac book before that one, and it is easy to use
computer|Decided to buy from Amazon because of the 12 month 0%interest. Apple only gives you 6 month 0%interest. I had in the last 5 years a Windows based Laptop. No comparison. If you are like me and HATE TROUBLESHOOTING. Then you should definitely go with a Macbook. I don't like that I have to buy Antivirus or Spyware software with Windows based computers. I keep it simple and I surf, check email and use Word. So I expect no problems. Mac gives me that unlike Windows. The only complain is price. It is more expensive compare to other windows based laptops but you get a more stable laptop with Macbook and it is worth the extra buck.
computer|Havent had a single problem with this laptop that hasnt been software related. When mountain lion first came out, I updated it immediately and experienced a HUGE decrease in battery life. Updates have since cleared that up and I havent had any problems with it hardware wise. Pretty expensive for a laptop but I use it daily and love it.
computer|I am use to working an Apple desk top computer so it was somewhat difficult using the keyboard--its really smaller
computer|excellent product, 100% recommended the truth ... I am very pleased with its operation and performance ... anyone else tell you that you can purchase with confidence
computer|It's an apple product, always top-notch and high quality. No problems so far and hope to use this model for a while.
computer|Once you go Mac you'll never go back. It's that simple. Apple has a great way of intertwining all their products on iCloud. Their compatibility is incomparable. Great product.
computer|Had to have another, after my computer was stolen, the mac book came asap and works perfectly. I would buy another one tomorrow if I needed to.
computer|I received this macbook air in perfect conditions and all is working great. I am getting used to mac, and trying to see what is the great thing (other than the beautiful hardware). The only thing I noticed, is that it did not came with a DVD or something with the OSX in case I need to reinstall all the stuff. Maybe the mac has a restore way that it does not require a DVD, still looking...
computer|It's a nice laptop for this price, i love it, my family can use easy and quickly, because is very confortable
computer|I m studying Art so I need Pro's professional tech~It s really good than any other one, i mean for design.
computer|I got my husband this computed for Christmas and he absulutely loves it! He's been talking about it for a month now. Very to easy to learn. We had been only PC users before this. I don't know if we'll ever go back to a PC. I know Apples are more expensive than PCs, but he thinks it is worth every penny.
computer|After one week the main board fried - I guess this happens, but not often. We had loaded software that was purchased so it was not a good time. Luckily Apple stood behind their product and replaced it for us, even though it was not purchased through them. They have a customer for life.
computer|I've been p/c all my life but i decided to come over to the other side for once and I'LL NEVER GO BACK TO P/C EVER AGAIN, This mac is great out of the box but i got tempted to make it faster by upgrading memory and replacingHDD to a SSD, Holy crap its the fastest puter i have ever touched. 12.44 seconds to boot. Beat that!
computer|Just upgraded to a 13" non-retina Mac Book Pro i7 from a mid 2009 core 2 duo. The machine is speedy and efficient. I'm not surprised, and I'm just delighted. I would strongly recommend a Mac any day over a PC without any doubt. Enough said.
computer|It's really good ,i thought It's used ,but when i got it,it is really new,whatever i like it.even ox system not very good.
computer|i am so glad i finally bought one. i love the keyboard and the screen. i dont miss my old pc at all!!
computer|Es mi 3ra laptop y defininitavemente son las mejores a nivel mundial. Cada vez mejoran los detalles de fabricaci&oacute;n. Excelente producto.
computer|The new MacBook Pro is everything I expected it to be. User friendly, fast and high tech It is amazing!
computer|excellent product. a little heavy but very efficient and easy to use. it takes a wile to change from many years in Windows to operative system. but is possible
computer|After 30 years of Microsoft, I've finally moved to Apple and now own iPad, iPod Touch and now MacBook Pro.I find the Macbook Pro was an easy transition and have installed several apps from the MacStore.I would suggest that the MacStore be expanded to allow more iPad applications to run on the Mac.Regardless of applications, I find Safari browser with the trackpad a pleasure to use in surfing the net.
computer|My MacBook Pro, is a beauty to behold! Dleek and Smooth,It accompanies me wherever I may go. I Love it!
computer|Purchase was easy, received on time and item was just as described. Works wonderfully and update to lion was already completed. Plugged in and used.
computer|My first Mac computer and as many before me I just fall in love with it. Changed the memory from 4 GB to 8 GB Corsair Vengeance and 500 GB HDD (5400 rpm) with Seagate hybride 750 GB HDD+SSD. Machine is flying and with parallels desktop 8 I have my old PC notebook completely functional on my MBP. Way to go and enjoy both worlds. Thank you Amazon.
computer|Apple the Great .... Nice packaging and arrived timely. Great laptop but missing new Retina Display. I wish Apple would give some of newer version features at this price too.
computer|What can I say, it's the latest version of the Macbook Pro, it's a great computer. I actually bought the cheapest version and upgraded the laptop myself, adding 8 mb of ram and installing a solid state hard drive, at less than half the price that Apple charges (even on Amazon). It was a great stand alone laptop as I got it, but I wanted more speed and capability!
computer|As a college student, I am able to use my macbook pro and apple iphone to manage all of my assignments, schedule etc.
computer|I do love the Apple MacBook Pro MD 101LL/A 13.3 Inch laptop (newest version) . I am checking out all the icons and so far it is an excellent machine.
computer|Great product and quality, but it seems Apple is making everything more complicated with every update! Safari 6, Bootcamp 5.0 and other things are not as simple as they used to be. Not good.
computer|Great, apple does it againI have always loved apple and they have never ceased to amaze me, but this tops it off. This laptop is super fast and the display is incredible! I can't believe it is possible to have a higher resolution than this. Would recommend to all!
computer|no issues as usual, one of my keys seem alittle loose so i'm going to take it to the apple store everything else great
computer|How I ordered this Mac book pro it came clean everything new well that's how it looked.. I barley used it never left the house I was trying to save it till January which is when my semester starts n ill need it most..well I wake up today and finally open my MacBook Pro to use it and the screen looks like a tv on with no cable static every were. I even tried to hold the shut down button down and it won't turn of at all so it's staying on till the battery drain basically..I believe I was told I got a new one but u guys sold me a used one..how can something get messed up so quick worth so much
computer|I'm a college student. I was trying to decide between Mac and PC for awhile. Finally, forked up a little extra and got the Mac. WOW! If you want a dependable, fast, and cool computer nothing beats the mac. You won't regret it. Everyone is swapping to Mac too. If you're going to college to be anything other than an engineer then go with the Mac. My roommate loves my Mac but says they suck for programming. Who knows it could be total BS.At the end of day the track pad is freaking amazing. Also, lets say a good looking girl comes in class and sees two open seats. One is by a guy with Macbook and one is by a guy with a pc. Who do you think she is going to sit by? Definitely the guy with the Mac$$$ what more do you need to know Mac=hot girlsP.S. I had to download an online software for one of my classes. It took my friend a couple hours to download it on his PC. It took me maybe 10 minutes. I have had several pc's (dell, toshiba, acer, gateway, samsung) and nothing compares to this beast.
computer|Can't believe an APPLE is better than I originally thought. On one hand I'm sorry I waited until I got an Iphone to get the Mac Pro but on the other hand, I have the most powerful machine out there for the price. A little concerned about the software converters I need now for Mpeg2,4 etc...I knew what to get for Windows but for MAC. I'll see what the tutorials tell me. What a product though. Easy to use. Command functions are brand new to me and that's exciting. I'm using this to perform better movie production and I do expect Rendering to be much faster.Can't wait...Bravo again Apple...I'm not one to critique other critiques but respectfully, if you spill something on a PC....that's it...nothing to do with the product, any product. Learning Curve with a new product or PC environment also not part of the product rating.Just Sayin........
computer|If it was possible to give them 0 start, I would have done it.My Laptop's one of the Key from keyboard came out and it was mechanical failure.My laptop was under coverage but when I gave it to them for repairs, they quoted me $755 for it.this company just wants customers' money in their pocket.they dont care how you feel when they charge you hundreds of hard earned dollars.I wish this company to go bust.I will never ever buy any apple product in my life.
computer|I'm a designer turned front-end developer and this computer is unusable for front-end development. I have a production PC which was much less expensive and way underspeced compared to this Mac. Opening photoshop takes FOooooooRRREVER, as do all programs that do not begin with an 'i'. The free upgrade to Mountain Lion FAILED. FAILED. It tried to boot up and the screen just flashed over and over and over again. Before and after I resolved that issue, I saw the damn "beachball" all the time as the computer tries to figure out what the hell it's doing while I wait for it. I spend so much time waiting for it. Although its display is bright and vibrant the OS so unusable for work, I have moved back to the older, and still over performing PC. The only thing I use this computer for is a Safari tester, and Safari is awful compared to Chrome. I can't believe people like these computers. Now that they are not virus free ([...]l) I see absolutely no benefit to Apple products as they are slower, more expensive, and do not last as long.
computer|There was a dust inside the screen. I thought it was something that I've done, but I just opened it in a dust clean environment. I want to exchange it on the Apple store, and the lady said I have to return it back to Amazon.Absolute worst experience for a beginner. NOT SATISFY.
computer|This is my first Mac experience, being fed up with pc's. Firstly, there is ZERO documentation. I could not discover how to get to desktop, so I had to call for help to accomplish this simple task. The screen insisted that I explore the voiceover feature instead. Next, the Macbook Pro insisted that I accomplish "migration" of pc files before I get to use it in any way. How am I supposed to know about such things? Anyone's guess!But the worst part of all is that no help tutorial files can be opened and watched for any apps-NONE!After many hours with the so-called help, nothing. They are absolutely clueless as to why those help files cannot be opened. They said that it is Hughesnet's fault. Hughesnet says it's Apples fault. I am the one in the middle with a non-functioning computer. I only have 14 days to get this fixed or this piece of $#!! is mine.
computer|My older son talked his younger brother into getting a macbook to replace his 2.5 year old laptop that was giving him problems again.
computer|Excelente producto.. r&aacute;pido puede correr los juegos nuevos con recursos medios. portable y muy comada.. al usarla al extremo se calienta algo.se nota calidad al compararla con una hp, dell, etc.
computer|Excelente Macbook Pro, estoy muy satisfecho con la compra y el precio. El tiempo de env&iacute;o y el soporte brindado fueron muy gratificantes.
computer|I hadn't had a Mac Computer other than a IPAD, IPOD touch for a LONG time. When I saw this product and the price I said I had purchase the laptop. I love it. It's so much fun to sit on my couch at night. I highly recommend a MAC laptop. This version is wonderful.
computer|I am love Apple and all products, bought iPhone, iPad, Macbook air and Macbook pro. All are great ^^. It is the best laptop on this time, MBP retina much expensive with me ^^
computer|This is good for me when I travel, the size is good and it always fits on the drop down trays. I miss the older mouse pad with the 2 buttons, I find that it's a pain to scroll up sometimes. Other than that, it's a great laptop.
computer|This is a great starter Macbook Pro. I absolutely love this machine. The screen size its just enough and light enough to be extremely portable.I highly recommend it!!
computer|i bought this item recently, i havent used it much yesterday when i switched on my macbook pro it attempts to start up i see the white screen, hear the sound, can feel the fans are onthe screen just goes to hibenate and doesnt come on for me to sign on to my mac. after a while it comes on and i am using it playing musicand the screen suddenly hibernates, music is still playing but i have no visual.for an item i havent used much and for what it cost, its too early to start giving problems
computer|I had 2 mac book pro's and they both froze up. I called an apple genius and he said mac does not do that. We checked the hard drive and it was ok on both of them. End result is both mac book pro's are back at apple. Pc for now on.
computer|I bought it and it worked great for about a month and now it won't turn on. I am not happy with my purchase
computer|As i said, theres huge battery problems unresolved. I was between a Sony Vaio since im a owner of an old version and it great.. if you are wondering whether to buy a Macbook Pro for the first time I wouldnt recommend ir at all. Apple is looking in the other direction when it comes to trouble..
computer|I love apple products and was excited to get my new computer. However, once I upgraded to ML, my computer has been freezing sporadically - especially when I have multiple windows open. I've been reading online and this seems to be a common problem. This is NOT supposed to happened. My old mac never crashed randomly. I am very disappointed. I have a few days left, and I think I'm going to return this computer. Apple needs to provide a solution asap. I don't think it's the hardware, but still. I wish I could buy this new computer but have it run SL, which was actually pretty good.
computer|So far I have had this laptop for a few weeks but it works quite well. The packaging was fine and the delivery was very speedy. Overall, I am pleased with the product.
computer|First of all, I ordered this laptop probably 2 to 3 weeks ago. It still hasn't arrived. We called them several times, and they said they would do something about, but they didn't. They said they had lost it, so this means that they are unreliable. But, the laptop overall is excellent. It is fast, super light, and it is really nice. It does overheat sometimes, but I guess all computers do that. Hope this was helpful ! :)
computer|I'm in love with my mac. Coming from a windows background, I thought mac will be very difficult to use; however, it 's amazing how i got used to it within a week. It has a nice display, and great features. But you might wanna get a keyboard cover because the keys easily attracts dirt particles...
computer|very good and speed. But the speaker isn't quite that good that I expect high end product should come with good speaker. Anything else is very good.
computer|I'm new to Mac's. I have other apple products (iPhone, iPad, iPods) and love them, so I jumped into purchasing this MacBook Pro. I was about to purchase the 15&#34; retina, but found out there has been a lot of issues with the new screen. Didn't want to take the chance so I ordered this one and upgraded it myself. Has similar performance, but saved quite a bit of money. I put in 16 GB of ram and a 500 GB SSD. I've never upgraded a computer myself before, and this couldn't have been easier. It is crazy fast and performs like a dream. I will never go back to Microsoft. This is by far better than any other pc I've ever owned, and I always buy my pc's upgraded.
computer|Love our new MacBook!! Very quick and efficient. Would purchase again in a heartbeat!! Only wish it had a owner's manual in hard copy. I know that is obsolete, but I like to hold reference material in my hand.
computer|I never used a MAC before and I'm doing very well now :)pros- lightweight- fast- easy to use
computer|the system of mac is not that hard to learn, you can get used to it in two days. it is a brandly new operating experience. i love it!
computer|Best designed laptops out there. They do run more than PC based laptops, but has more hardware features out of the box. Display is great even without being a &#34;retina&#34; display. Battery life better than the Dells I use and service at work.
computer|This is a great little computer. It's super fast to boot up and is easy to navigate. The charge lasts for a long time while running extensive applications. It stays a lot cooler than the 2010 version. Great buy!
computer|I really like it. I have a lot to learn but, one of the biggest things I am pleased with is it doesn't surprise me by jumpingall over the place when I touch the wrong spot like my asus did. I love the fact that you have to push to click, and not barely brush it,
computer|This line of laptops is simply the best on the market. Mine came shipped with OS X Mountain Lion. This is perfect for anybody but espescially handy if you have an iPhone and/or iPad.No cons at all.
computer|this lived up to its expectation, user friendly great features, bought it mainly to do music, would recommend it to anyone
computer|The MacBook Air is the most beautiful computer ever produced by man, and the MacBook Pro looks like it's older, pudgy relative. The Air's aluminum case is impeccably designed, almost tailored to accommodate the necessary internal components, while maintaining practical ergonomics. It's an incredibly thin, svelte, sexy little notebook. The MacBook Air's aluminum case seems sturdy and durable, and its mechanics are very similar to the time-test unibody construction of the MacBook Pro. The MacBook Pro, on the other hand, is a bit of a dinosaur in its bulky circa 2006 unibody. The Pro is heavier than a half gallon of milk at 4.5 lbs, while the MacBook Air weighs in at less than 2.9 lbs. Battery life is roughly even on both machines at anywhere from 4 to 7 hours depending on workload and settings.
computer|Got this as a gift from my wife. very excited cuz it is my first Apple product.now just used less than 3 month. it stopped working. black screen after power on. need to send to repair.
computer|I bought This Computer the day it came out. i was going in to buy a macbook pro and found out this new model had just came out. it is ALOT faster than i would have expected and its screen is amazing. I bought The 13 inch one because i wanted it to be potable. Everything about it is amazing. This is my first apple computer and i think its much much better than any Windows one. i am only 12 but i love it. It is really easy to use and i am amazed by the sound quality it has. I am SO glad i got this!
computer|whether your a pixar 3d animator or an evil scientist trying to take over the world this computer will swallow up any of those task.
computer|i am glad to deal with The Bestest Deal ,they helped me and always reply for my emails as i made a special request to receive my mac earlier than the maximum expected date,and certainly i got it in time we dealt once i order it.Thank You and looking forward for a fruitful deal in the sooner future.
computer|Yes you can play Mass Effect and Star Wars The Old Republic on the Retina MacBook Pro at full resolution, 2880-by-1800 and on high settings, AA Enabaled. I created an 80 GB partition in Bootcamp and loaded Microsoft Office 2007 on it for good measure. However make sure you have a desk or laptop cooler because the MBP can get extremely warm. I ran CUPID HWMonitor and the temperature on GPU was 77 without the cooler. With the cooler the temperature dropped to a comfortable 66, that's a 10 point drop by just introducing better airflow to take heat way from the unit.I used a an 8GB USB Drive to install Windows 7 64bit and didn't bother purchasing the Thunderbolt to Ethernet Adapter, I just made sure to download the game late at night and overnight for maximum throughput over the WiFi connection.
computer|Without studying the details of the laptop and comparing it meticulousIy with the Apple website I relied on the heading, which clearly states &#34;NEWEST VERSION&#34;. It was a XMas gift for my son who immediately told me it was NOT the newest version, it doesn't have the retina display, it has a different charging connector etc. Very disappointing and misleading actually.
computer|I was woke up by my brother with a package from amazon and was really confused first. Really pleased with my new macbook, but was really surprised by its weight
computer|I have to say, this is my first Mac but not my first experience with them. Its simply awesome!! Very good speed starting up, and also very fast opening the apps, the features that has every mac makes them so unique that you will never want to use a PC again!! Once you go mac you never go back!!
computer|This company did an excelent job of getting this Apple to me and the delivery was better than expected. However, the machine itself left a bit to be desired. After setting it up, and working on it a bit to get used to the Apple (first one I have owned), the response time slowed to a near standstill. Not a good sign for the Apple "control everything" approch to Q.C. The result... had to take the machine into an Apple store (about 35 miles away) and they admitted that the hard drive was failing. They replaced it and so far so good. We'll see.
computer|It came within a week of my purchase date. No hassle and no complaints. Made life very easy. Would recommend getting the square trade warranty that goes along w/it for protection against incidental damage like drops etc.The computer itself is amazing. Very hesitant to make the switch to the "dark side". I was (and still am) of the mindset that Apple products are overpriced; however, I do understand that quality is better than quantity and w/Apple you are paying for quality. After my 3rd pc crashed in a little of 5yrs, I decided to cough up the money and make the switch. Haven't regretted it one bit. This machine is A-mazing. No complaints at all. I was worried that it would take a long time for me to get used to the Mac OS but it took me a day or so of playing w/it to get comfortable. Granted I'm sure I don't know all the ends and outs but that will come in time. The best thing for me is that everything I wished I could change/add to a PC this macbook pro has - faster boot up times, longer battery life, it even has more customization than I realized, and the camera is way ahead of any pc that I had. Let it be known that I do not write reviews often...kind of a hypocrite about that (won't take the time to write em but love reading em), but i digress. I make that point to say that I'm not by any means an Apple advocate outside of my laptop but I will give credit when it is due. An it is definitely due here.
computer|I was a little skeptical at first, mainly worried about the condition the laptop would arrive in. However, it did not have any scratches, ZERO battery cycle count (pretty surprised), and all the hardware seemed to be working perfectly. It also came with all the standard accessories and the original box. Overall, I was really happy with the purchase, aside from the fact that I still need to confirm if the laptop is under the one year apple care warranty. I've already installed 16GB of ram, and that seems to be working fine, too.
computer|I am a apple fan. I love apple but unlike others That does not prevent me to not be honest about how i like it and if its good or not. But this is a time were it is truly amazing. I got this a few days ago for school and its done everything. I bought it from best buy so it came with lion not mountin lion so I had to update it. The uptdate worked perfectly and easily I had no problums downloading or installing it it took a tad bit longer to update then my fairly new 27 in iMac but was still quick for a whole operating system. The next step for me is to install the 1141 songs and three movies I own on iTunes. For that much I was suprised how quick it went. It downloaded them all in about a hour or so while dowloding other apps lisining to internet radio seting up email ect. I have setteld into it know and it is working very well. I use it to do the average persone may do and maybe a bit more. I love the backlit keybord and suprisingly doesnt drain the battery that much and remains around apples 7 or so hours. If this is your second mac you will be suprised with how much power it has just like me it runs probibly faster than my imac (also mountain lion). And if you are switching from a pc I hilghy sugest this one. It has the best proseser and the traditional hardrive and you save some money than geting the retnia display one. So this is very good commputer and i highly suggest it.
computer|first time mac user. So far so good!Still in the process of reviewing the product. not really a mac fan, but its ok.
computer|i like it.I think it is the best computor .Igot it on 18 march,and received it on 20 march. Wonderful.
computer|in terms of size and weight, the MacBook Pro with Retina Display (rMBP) splits the difference between the (still on the market) non-Retina MacBook Pro (MBP) and the svelte MacBook Air.The Retina MBP is over 20 percent thinner and 21 percent lighter than the non-Retina MBP. On the other hand, it's 21 percent heavier and 10 percent thicker than the MacBook Air. It's really more than 10 percent thicker than the Air, but we're comparing the uniformly-thick Retina Pro to the tapered Air's thickest point.
computer|I want to buy some one of this because I think that they are the best laptop in the world. But I would like to know if you can buy me some one with spanish keyboard? and if this has cd writer included? thanks a lot
computer|Awesome, Fabulous, Fast, Wonderful Design, Glamorous, Adorable, Elegant, Fancy, Powerful, Clever, Handsome, Graceful, Fascinated, Smart, Successful, Quiet, Gorgeous, Rapid and Modern.Absolutely, The Best Computer Ever!
computer|I am happy with my Macbook Pro. I have been a ASUS PC fan and have had about ten ASUS computers during my lifetime, but have now taken THE STEP...to Mac and I do not regret it.
computer|so far I really haven't had any problems with the macbook. It is taking me a bit to get use too though. I have never used a laptop or a mac before. I am learning and finding that I like the product quite a bit. I should be asked in about 6 months then I will know more about it and have better comments. It will serve me well for quite sometime I believe.
computer|I bought one in august for my friend and then one this month for myself. Basically, Amazon rocks and Macbooks are awesome. The two go hand in hand.
computer|I found this computer easy to use, very fast, and has a million fun features that I have only begun to explore. We are already thinking of buying another for my husband.
computer|Arrived early, easy to setup. Added memory (very easy). Loaded programs and away I go. Nothing negative to report. A great buy.
computer|I was very happy to switch frm oc to Mac, but after 2 weeks I was not so happy cause my new Mac kept freezing! So I took it to the apple store and turns out it had the wrong iOs, they try fixing it and after changing it and upgrading to Mountain Lion it still freezes! So they basically told me to send it back and get a new one! My 30 days are up tomorrow, I started the return presses today outside the apple store I just hope I get a new one soon before school starts!
computer|My first impressions:I used to own a unibody (2009) core2duo. Theres about few major differences from the upgrade that I noticed.First the fan noise. I light whisper. My old device had no sound at all, but suffered from heat issues watching flash videos, then when stressed more the fan would get very loud. However this new model (which may be similar to the i5 series CPU) runs cool and more constant. I suspect its fan is different it idles at 2000rpm.The CPU, the difference isn't always apparent but does perform well so far and is noticeable watching videos. Ill need to play with it more before i can really say more. Originally I had interest in a MacBook air but didn't want to get an even weaker device than the base series pro, since apples products are underpowered to begin with and I recall the AIR isn't user upgradable (unless I'm wrong?) I felt this model was best. And I could most likely upgrade ram to 16gb (still have to confirm this is possible on this release)Lastly battery sustains itself ever so slightly better. My older device battery health hardly deteriorated (4%) and this guy seems to cruise smoothly without significant drain.
computer|This laptop arrived very quickly, and has been running since. Very lightweight and nonbulky, yet powerful enough to function like a normal laptop.
computer|I wanted to gift my wife a laptop, she is a software professional and her existing laptop is giving her problems. This time I wanted to go for Apple product and started my search in that direction. After going through a number of online shopping sites I came to a conclusion that Amazon is the best as I am quite familiar with their services. The Apple MacBook Pro was delivered on time. My wife is very pleased with the gift. As I was probing through the MacBook Pro I came to know that it has some superior features that I don't find on my laptop.The most amazing feature is that the Thunderbolt OS allows data transfer at the rate of 10GBps. The design is outstanding. I was glad to notice that it came with 7 hours of battery life. Though this is the first time I am trying a Mac OS I did not find anything unusual.
computer|I just got it three days ago and was very excited. However, last night it cannot be opened. The power just shined a little while than went out. Although it finally worked, I was't sure what is wrong with it and how I can check it, in apple store or amazon?Besides, I tried to install Windows with boot camp, but after a whole night, the progress cannot be done...
computer|Awesome,love it. My first one! THE IMAGES ARE CRISP AND NOT HAVING TO WORRY ABOUT VIRUS IS GREAT. LlllllllllllllaNow is the time foe all good men to come to the aid of their country. Handicapped. Hate writing more than necessary.
computer|THERE IS ABSOLUTELY NO BETTER COMPUTER ON THE MARKET. IT IS BY FAR THE BEST. THERE IS JUST SO MANY WONDERFUL THINGS ABOUT IT. LOVE LOVE IT
computer|This Macbook Pro is AMAZING! If you are afraid of it not having a disc player please don't be. After not having a disc player I have actually noticed that I never used this disc play in my old laptop either. However if you really need a disc player Apple sells one that connects to your USB port. I love the new high retina display, and because this computer lacks a disc player it makes it significantly lighter. Overall, this is a fast, light, practical computer and I highly recommend it.
computer|upgraded from macbook mid 2010 to this model and so far I love my computer thank you apple I also can report bootcamp works great aswell.
computer|So far the computer runs fine and has no problems. I am still transitioning from being a PC user to a mac user and I like the gestures feature on the trackpad. What I am not satisfied with is that Amazon did not have competitive price for this Macbook. I have always trusted Amazon for the lowest price, so much so that I stopped comparing prices around. However, 3 days after purchasing this Macbook Pro, I found the exact same macbook in Frys for more than $100 less! It taught me to compare prices before purchasing anything from Amazon in future!
computer|AMAZING NOTEBOOK! PERFECT 5 STARTI NEW USING THIS MACBOOK PRO, BUT I LOVE ITIT LOOKS SO PRETTY AND POWERFUL
computer|I'll start by saying this is about my fourth or fifth MBP I've owned. The ones before it worked flawlessly. I thought I was "upgrading" to this machine but I was WRONG. Boy was I wrong. The changes that came along with Mountain Lion are downright horrific to the point that I'm ready to throw this thing against the wall. I am SO frustrated with this messy, imprecise, unpredictable user experience! So what sucks about it?--Now when you scroll on a webpage more than two or three times, the page will begin scrolling EXTREMELY fast causing you to lose your place and have to backtrack to try and find it. Scroll a couple more times and it happens AGAIN. This is f'ing maddening. What's even more maddening is that this has been forced upon us with no option to turn it off! I've called Applecare about it multiple times now and I'm told it's a "design feature." WELL IT SUCKS! Supposedly it's to mimic how an iPhone works? I don't know, as I don't own an iPhone--but I do know one thing! I DON'T WANT MY LAPTOP ACTING LIKE A F'ING IPHONE!!!--Rubber-banding effect on webpages. This is where the webpage (or folder, etc) will stretch beyond its boundaries and then "snap back." Now this wouldn't be a big deal if the rubber-banding only occurred on the tops and bottoms of webpages, but Apple has also decided to implement it on the SIDES of webpages. This causes webpages to slip and slide all over the f'ing place, making it extremely annoying when trying to read text while scrolling! Again, no way to turn this "design feature" off!--Apple has also decided to change all the trackpad gestures, and not for the better. AGAIN!!!! No ability to revert them back to what they were in Snow Leopard. Seriously--how hard would it be for Apple to simple offer an option to use the older, more familiar settings for these sorts of things? I did manage to set my frontward/backward webpage settings to three-finger swipe like I'm accustomed to from SL. Cool! Ummm, too bad it barely works! Half the time the trackpad is completely unresponsive when using this gesture. How. F'ing. Obnoxious.I am racking my brain trying to figure out a way to get RID of this thing and go back to an older MBP running Snow Leopard (which was NEVER broken so I'm not sure why Apple went and tried to fix it!) Unfortunately if I return it, I'll be slapped with hefty a restocking fee. And I don't have the conscience to pawn this hunk of junk off on someone else. I have never in my life regretted an "upgrade" like I have with this purchase. I have learned the hard way: Newer does NOT always mean better!!! If I wanted a frustrating user experience I would have simply purchased a $279 Toshiba running Windows!!! I will not rest until I get rid of this computer or Apple fixes their annoying "design features" which do nothing but infuriate me and many others!
computer|Watch this, its the funniest video you will ever see as long as you live!!! And also this laptop is great, i have it. Its very fast and has great screen quality.[...]
computer|Well, it is a very good notebook, specially for mac fans. But something I don't like is how it is insanely overpriced.The components that it has don't cost more than $600 dollars... (Considering all of it, screen, keyboard, all)If you are searching for something as fast, but way less expensive go for an outstanding Windows notebook, but then again, if you were considering buying this, then buy a $1000 dollars notebook, not an $400 dollars one. Because many users say Windows is bad, as they buy $200-$300 dollar Notebooks.Now if cash is not a problem for you, then just go experience Windows 8 and Mountain Lion OS, as you just need to know which ones fits you better.
computer|hell ya. love it. used to be a pc person. this mac is great though. if your deciding between a pc and a mac, go with the mac. way better built. apple ya ya great.
computer|Absolutely love it, OS X Mountain Lion is a fun and efficient operating system. It is fast and easy to use. Amazon had this on a real steal deal (!) for only few hours during black friday. Hardware and operating system are very well designed together, unbelievable how fast apps load up on Mac. With exception of few apps that don't run on Mac, I can practically use this at work. MS Office 2011 for Mac is wonderful, well worth it. Windows is a bear compared to OS X. Mac app store and games are cool. Overall very impressed, Thank you Apple and Amazon!
computer|I was online shopping for a new computer and was pretty determined to get a MacBook Pro (after countless failures with PCs) I wanted a powerful and reliable machine that would last me a couple of years. My last PC from HP lasted less than a year before succumbing to the deadly blue-screen syndrome. Time for change...After several weeks of planning and contemplation, I finally hit a stroke of luck on Black Friday ON AMAZON, finding this gem for $962! (Originally $1,199), which trumps the student discount offered by Apple, widely believed to be the best deal around.... Anyway, I put in the order right then and there and what a great decision it turned out to be... I love it!I have only had it for less than a week but there is nothing about this computer I dont like. The speed, the simplicity, the design.. it is lightyears ahead of any PC I have ever owned. I also just purchased 16gb of RAM which I will be inserting into my mac manually within the next few days...another review on that soon to come.If you are contemplating switching from PC to Mac...Just do it. This is a no brainer.
computer|Had trouble getting used to it, but now am enjoying all it can do. I guess a old dog can get used to new things :)
computer|Couldn't be any happier with my first Apple computer. Only apple item I owned in the past was my iphone. When I switched from BB and Anroid to the iPhone I asked myself why I denied or why I waited so long to jump on the bandwagon. Now, I'm finally on the Macbook Pro bandwagon and couldn't be happier! Shipping was quick and free with Prime membership. Overall just +++++
computer|Amazon sold me &#34;what they called a new computer which came with software on it that had been installed by a third party which impacted the operation of the computer. I had to get Apple Customer Support to correct the problem. i do however like the computer.
computer|I gave this product 5 stars because I have been looking for a MacBook Pro for a long time and I found it here for a wonderful price. I have used this product for only 2 days, but I can't wait to use it more. I really like Mac/Apple products because of their operating system. I have been a Linux (Ubuntu and Fedora) user for a while because Windows doesn't appeal to me and it is similar to Ubuntu and Fedora but with trackpad gestures, notification center, and I can run iTunes (I couldn't get it to run on Linux). I can tweet and use Facebook from the sidebar which is really nice. I also like I have the option to push calendars, photos, and contacts to an iPad, iPod Touch, or iPhone (if I had any of those).The only thing I have had trouble with so far is transferring music to iTunes which I would have liked to do though &#34;Home Sharing&#34; (I used iTunes on a computer separate from my Linux computer) but I could not figure that out. I just ended up using my iPod to transfer my iTunes music and I re-downloaded my Amazon music (losing my ratings). I would recommend this product to anyone having trouble typing on their iOS products, though there are cheaper options; any new computer users, as it is easy to learn; and anyone who needs to be efficient, as the gestures make it very easy to multitask. I have not tried gaming on it but I have heard that Mac/Apple does not do games well. I plan on using my MacBook Pro for a long time.
computer|I have been a Mac person since 1984. I don't want to RUN a computer; I want to USE a computer. This MD101LL/A handles very much like my iMac. It's just a matter of getting used to the touch-pad commands. Thankfully I have earphones and an external amplifier for audio; the onboard speakers are just terrible. But what should I expect from a unit that is this thin and this light?
computer|I don't have any technical pearls to share.I can provide a review from a layman's viewpoint. This is my first apple laptop. I currently own a apple desktop which is usually used to watch movies in my studio. I have not used my IPAD since my mac purchase. The mac is light and so compact I thought I would regret not buying a retina display, not in the least The mac pro works just fine. My main use of the mac will be keeping inventory on my jewelry supplies. Once I complete a jewelry piece taking photos and keeping track of sales. Along with email and playing angry birds.The OS is easy, and offers all kinds of surprises.
computer|Great size for a laptop, and very capable. I have been PC for years but this computer is intuitive and its built in features are a great help
computer|when i placed the order i began reading blogs about this model in particular and some people said that it would overheat and turn itself off but it does not do that...its an amazing machine.... fast, reliable, great battery life. it does get hot when using on a bed or sofa and gets warm on a desk....this is in an un-air conditioned room.....in air condition it gets slightly warm...... it does the tasks of an engineering student without any problems what so ever ad i really love this machine and will never go back to windows!!!..... i don't care about when people say that macs are over priced and many other negative comments. they fail to realize that you are paying for an amazing design that is pretty slim compared to some windows based laptops also it is extremely durable being made out of aluminium.....also mountain lion is really stable compared to windows and i never need to restart!...only after a os update.....also the battery life is very good...it gets me through an entire day of school without having to recharge. also the intel HD graphics 4000 is adequate for my usage...it runs most games pretty well and i have yet to try graphic intensive games on it....i figure it would run them but when the settings are minimal but it should still be playable...it also handles HD movies effortlessly....an HD movie uses about 10% battery life on average......... trust me this is an amazing machine and you won't be disappointed!
computer|I purchased two of these to both my kids this week to replace their 2 years old laptops. once you go in to mac system as long as you have the applecare you change your laptop every 3 years. if it is macbook pro 13&#34; it comes to like $ 20.00 a month usage over 3 years including the cost of apple care. you do not need to think apple takes care of everything.
computer|I will leave my initial review below. I called Apple support, and after working with a Tier One advisor who was not very informed, I was escalated to a Tier Two advisor.This is my second experience in 20 years with Tier Two Apple support. The first in the 90s, the second in 2013. Both experiences are the best tech support I have ever experienced, by far. In this example, my router's firmware was old and needed updating. The advisor tried several things, then had me look at the router. He helped me update my router's firmware, even though my router is not an Apple product! Because that's what it would take to resolve my problem.I am not experiencing internet problems anymore. Apple has successfully turned a situation around from regretfully wanting to return my computer to being completely satisfied.I give 4 stars instead of 5 because of my experiences at the Apple Store and with the Tier One advisor. If they had taken me seriously, I would have been able to resolve the problem sooner.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I really want to give a good review. I had a mac in the 90s, back when only graphic artists and schools had them. It lasted for years, easy to upgrade.I cheaped out after that and bought several PC laptops, none of which lasted over 4 years. So, I decided to spend the dough and go back to a mac.I cannot maintain a wireless connection. Sometimes, it goes out every 3 minutes. Sometimes, if I'm lucky, I get as much as 20. Doing the research I, admittedly, should have done before purchase, I find that thousands of people are having the same problem.I have purchased a cheap wireless adapter, rather than do what the Apple store advised, which was to buy a new router (none of the other computers in my household have any problems). Hopefully, bypassing the mac's wireless capabilities will do the trick.But, that is pretty pathetic for an $1,100 machine, right? Plus, Apple seems to be in denial over the issue. They should at least be honest with their customers. Their own support forums are overflowing with people reporting this problem:[...][...][...][...][...][...]Like I said, I am far from a mac hater. I was really excited to receive this laptop, and I wish I could give it a good review. But wireless connectivity is mission critical. Sorry, Apple, this is a fail. I had to restart my wifi 2 times during the course of writing this review.
computer|I finally change from PC and i dont regret about it, it has everything you need, pretty easy to use. love it
computer|In this current day and age, owning a personal laptop is a necessity in order to do certain academic requests such as writing a term paper or creating a powerpoint, all in the click on a trackpad. Apple Incorporated has been provided innovative electronic devices including the iPod, iPhone, iPad, and also iMac desktop computers and laptops. Apple recently released a third generation MacBook, an ever so slick portable computer, into the market and the approval ratings have skyrocketed. With a number nine best seller ranking on Amazon, a 13.3 inch screen, 2.9 GHz Intel Core i7, and 750 GB hard drive, this computer doesn't have much competition. If this product, the 13.3 inch MacBook Pro, had a Facebook page, it would have an infinite amount of friends based off of all of its appealing traits and features. The MacBook Pro has limitless amounts of features that appeal to anyone looking to purchase a laptop, especially to college students. This product has the latest Intel Core i7 processor which comes in handy when dealing with the unreliable wifi at Cal State San Marcos. The i7 processor essentially generates faster graphics, perfect for those rather homesick HD FaceTime calls you make to your parents begging for more money in your account. There are eight whole gigabytes of RAM installed into this laptop allowing data to be accessed quickly in any random order. Not only is the hard drive of this computer stacked with unique features, the MacBook Pro's physical features are also admirable. The MacBook pro only weighs 4.5 pounds for those computer nerds who don't regularly lift at the gym. You won't need to worry about it dying in class either, the Macbook Pro has up to seven hours of battery life. A feature generated for those who are older is the large keys which are extremely visible. Also, the basic design of slick silver and smooth black draw audiences in because it appears as physically modern as it is internally. I've owned the MacBook Pro for over half a year now and I don't think I can be more satisfied with this product. As a student attending Cal State San Marcos, this product is super convenient for my personal needs and academic assignments. It fulfills my addiction to websites such as Reddit and Netflix as well as allows me to consistently check my email as well as write a paper with direct access to fast internet connection. I can have several programs open at once including iTunes, OpenOffice, iPhoto, and Safari, and the battery life remains consistent. When I purchased the MacBook Pro, it was already updated to the current Apple operating system. I was a previous owner of the second generation Macbook Pro and I've seen significant increases in the processing speed as well as the quality of the images when using programs like FaceTime or even Photo Booth. Also, the MacBook's functions are easily comprehensible for those who are switching from a PC. There are many other options of laptops that Apple has to offer but I decided the best for me as a pre-health science student was the MacBook pro. In conclusion, the 13.3 inch MacBook Pro equipped with the 2.9 GHz i7 Intel Core Processor, is the best selection of Apple portable computers. Not only is the physical model of the laptop modern, its internal hardware is extremely new aged. Apple took an unconventional approach when they came together to update the second generation MacBook Pro. The overall processing speed is quick, it includes 750 GB of storage in the hard drive, it offers several programs perfect for your typical college student, and is generally a reliable computer. I can trust this laptop to last me throughout all four of my classes, to do academic assignments, research, and to give me comic relief. Whether or not you appreciate the current abilities we have because of advanced technologies, you would appreciate this computer for all it's worth. You aren't just buying a MacBook Pro, you're investing in a device programmed to better your chances of survival throughout your college experience.
computer|All went well and am happy to say it since this is ridiculous to do just to say im sotisfied
computer|My merchandise arrived very quickly just days after I put my order in even during the Christmas rush..I am a very happy camper today....
computer|Excelente Calidad del Producto y Buen Precio para Comparar. Tiempo de Entrega en Orden. Esta es una de mis marcas preferidas.
computer|i really love this mac book. it's my first mac book pro. I love using windows and i wanted to try mac. I like this laptop but the battery is bad. THE BATTERY WONT LAST LONG.
computer|THIS IS MY FIRST MAC I AM AN ARCHITECTURE STUDENT AND SO FAR SO GOOD IT HAS BEEN A GREAT LAPTOP IT IS FAST BEAUTIFUL, I AM STILL LEARNING TO USE IT SINCE I HAVE ALWAYS WORKED ON WINDOWS, BUT IT IS EASY AND NICE!!!
computer|This is my first Mac.....why did I wait so long!! I have been a PC user since 1995 and always thought it was the best and easiest to use. I see I was wrong after using my new Mac. Everything so far has been much easier to use. I still don't know everything I need to know about my Mac, but I learn something new every day I use it. I am not a bit sorry I have switched from windows to a Mac. I am very happy that I did! Do not be afraid to buy one.
computer|The MACBOOK PRO is great, i do have an issue with the CAPS LOCK button that doesn't work at every touch and i need to press it harder than i'm normally used to on a regular PC that is much cheeper. Apple please look into this....
computer|I have had Macs for years, and have always been happy with them, but this new version of MacBook Pro, and the new OS Mountain Lion is a lemon! If you plan to connect to the internet via wireless, you are in big trouble with this computer. The Macbook Pros have a fatal flaw in that they cannot reliably open and maintain a connection to the internet on any wireless router that has WEP security. After trying and failing countless times to connect my brand new computer to the internet, the Apple support recommended I "call my service provider and ask them to change to WPA!" Yet, 2 other computers, an older Mac and a PC have no problems with this Wifi set up! I travel all over the U.S.A. and Canada with my laptop and cannot control every service provider, thus this computer is useless to me! Apple refuses to acknowledge this problem, that has made so many Macbook Pro owners dissatisfied with their machines, despite thousands of complaints similar to mine on their very own Apple Support discussion boards and extensive complaints online. Don't buy this laptop unless you will not be using wireless connections to the internet.
computer|its a Mac ..Had a 15" MB Pro with the HD display and needed something smaller with LAN Port and CD Drive to carry every day, not the best resolution, but it works, else would have selected the MB Airchanged the HDD to a SSD to get better performance
computer|At the title says my pro (which I had running wonderfully with Windows 7 as primary OS as OSX was way to limited) fell off my bed (the cat rubbed against it and pushed it off) and it landed on the carpet. I didn't have the power cable attached at the time and it landed on it's side, I picked it up and the screen started flickering like crazy then went black. I was able to get it back but moving the laptop screen back and forth like an idiot and when the stars magically aligned it would work for a min or two then go black again. After trying this for about a half hour and trying to use this POS with a monitor attached the hard drive failed and I got the contact Apple support grey window (aka mac's Grey screen of death). I restarted it and it could not boot any partition from my hardrive or even see it. Let this be more proof that an Apple logo does not mean quality unless it's a IPOD classic that thing can take a beating and work great. Avoid the chinese slave labour Pro laptop as it's made with cheap unreliable hardware with a super inflated price as is every apple product. Wake up people. Returned this piece of garbage and bought a 13" Windows 8 ASUS VIVO book, way faster, everything works great, more connectivity, more ports, and just over all a far superior working laptop.
computer|This is a new post mid-2012 Macbook pro non-retina, purchased it on sale new best buy. Owning everything Apple owns, and having my older macbook side by side, and my new Mac Air beside it as well, and after endless adjustments in brightness and contrast, there is no doubt the screen used on the macbook pro non-retina is inferior to my MacAir and macbook.Apple uses Samsung and LG on their monitors on the same model, both in the Retina MBP and non-retina, but they dont advertise this fact. As of 3/19/2013 Apple is being sued over the 'secret' that MBP retina use either LG or Samsung, but you dont know which one youre getting until you notice bad ghosting on the screen (which is the LG problem, not found on the Samsung). Its sad that you 'roll the dice' on WHO made your monitor on two MBP exact same model and mfg. date. That is something Apple should've known would soon rear its head like a snake in the night.Foremostly I must comment that I own Apple stock, and own tons of their products and sing their praises to no end, as such I am not an 'apple hater' by any stretch. I am shocked at how fuzzy, and flat the screen is on this MBP, and wonder WHO made the monitor on this laptop, since you never know, and Apple isnt saying, and they wont tell you, nor is it indicated on the box WHO made the monitor, since Apple uses multiple suppliers for the SAME MAC models.I am returning this unit for a refund, the screen is rather painful to read and type on, ...and since I use 7 different computers, I am not 'addicted to one type of screen', and am adjusted to many, ...but this unit is painfully unbearable.Side by side, believe it or not, BUT TRUE, the speakers on my Mac Air crank out crisper and MUCH LOUDER at full on same tunes than this MBP does. This isnt subjective or conjecture is rock hard FACT. You would think just the opposite on the larger MBP, but thats a fact.Another minus is the squishy jello-keyboard touch, a really undesirable (generally to most who hate this) feature.Ive read a lot of INSANE comments by others rebuking others saying "my mac air is better than this MBP". Well heres two empirical facts, all the upgrades money can buy: SSD, mem, etc, WILL NOT change the 'stink-factor' of the screen on this MBP, or the squishy keyboard, OR the inferior speaker output.Yes, the optical drive is nice (no bluray, shame on apple for po-pooing optical drives), and the ethernet, but the mac air is about as lite as an ipad and does 90% of what this Mac Pro does,...so the math is simple.The only negative against this unit is the same as ALL Apple computers, that being Apple is insanely stingy on memory. There is not any Apple product that doesnt immediately need a Mem upgrade. Given the extremely high price of all Apple laptops etc, the pathetic lack of memory is morbidly sad.Barring the horribly bad screen, and nasty squishy keyboard feedback, the unit is fast and well built, but for its price, etc, the mac air is far far moreso a desirable product. Endless speed tests show negligible difference side by side over many apps and overloading between the two on a year older Mac Air.
computer|excelent product more economic even than the same apple store, mac is way better than microsoft, u shuld try to change
computer|Yeah .. It's good but it isn't that much .. If you are not used to deal with mac, please keep using the Microsoft ..
computer|When I first got the computer, I noticed the tracking pad was hard to click. This was my first Mac so I wasn't familiar with how it was suppose to feel. After using my friend's computer I knew something was wrong.I took my Macbook to the Apple store and they had to replace the battery after 1 month of use since it was swelling. They tried to tell me that the battery wasn't covered by the warranty and it costs about $150 to replace. They ended up not charging me.Other than that battery issue and the battery life does not last too long, I'm pretty happy with the computer.
computer|The products absolutely AMAZING!! If your into graphic designing, movie making, or anything else this is the laptop for you. Really fast, easy to use, and best of great price. You DEFIANTLY get your moneys worth!!!!
computer|Item was delivered on time.i was expecting to get install discs with this purchase. i thoughtthat the norm when you buy a new laptop especially a macbook pro?
computer|I am disgusted at apple after being ripped off by this macbook pro.Soon after receiving this trash I found out I could have gotten a vastly superior ASUS laptop for less than this. A friend of mine said yeah MAC are great they are better than any PC etc. Wait till you see how fast OSX is etc.Then I realize without a SSD this garbage is slow, only has 4GB of ram, doesn't even come with a SSD and the screen resolution sucks.Wish I had gone with a ASUS computer I would have gotten double the RAM, super fast SSD and better overall design. This crap gets way to hot you can't even put it on your lap.My uncle brought this for me from the US as a gift, and now I am forced to find some retard to pawn this off.Are there people in this world really dumb enough to buy this? The only thing I found nice was the Icons are pretty and I like the theme of OSX. Screen has nice viewing angles and I like the aluminum body except for the fact it gets to hot.But over all I am very disappointed with this nonsense that costs $1700 USD. I taught this would be sooo amazing would have like 16GB of ram and 500GB SSD etc.
computer|I have a Dell XPS running Windows 7, but I've had so many problems with various Windows versions over 20 years that I thought I'd investigate a slow transition to Apple. Complete folly! The bad experience started at the Apple Store. I was told they could transfer data for me if I brought in my XPS. "For how long?," I asked. "Several days." "Not acceptable. I have work to do. What if I brought the two folders I want to transfer on an external drive?" "Fine." So I went home, updated the folders and came back. "Oh, we can only transfer from another computer, not from a drive." So I purchased the computer and went home to set up and transfer data myself; I've never had any problems doing this in the past. I get home again and go to archive and print-out my email receipt (which I need for an expense account). The pdf would not open because of special Apple character sets and was just lines of splotches. I went back a third time to the store to get a receipt. The next day I opened the box and proceeded to set up. After about an hour trying to work out how to assemble the two-piece power chord (no instructions) I got stuck on the data transfer stage; it could not recognize any connection to another computer or hard drive or flash drive. I just decided I hated it and returned it for refund. I remembered all my previous bad experiences with Apple: how terrible ITunes is, Apple library terminals on which it was impossible to back-page or scroll, and several lecturers I've seen humiliated because they brought their slide-show on an Apple, so could not connect to a digital projector (which apparently requires a mythical object called a "dongle" which no human has ever seen). I have nothing good to say about Windows, but at least I've learned since the PC was invented to use its various iterations, and it can send emails, text, pdfs to other computers and be hooked up to a projector. I will never try another Apple product. I don't want to spend hundreds of hours in Apple University learning its counter-intuitive products. Think of this: they're a tech company and they can't send an email!
computer|get a chromebook. the macbook has a nice keyboard and monitor, but otherwise i hate it. these machines are for geeks. its so complicated that you need to take a 7 day course just to use it. i find it to be a nonstop hassle
computer|If I keep it, I'll need to grow my torso, so the light leaking from behind the keys won't annoy me. I'll also need to file the edge down on the wrist wrest. It's rounded on the outside for looks, uncomfortable for actual use for people under 6ft tall. I expected more ergonomics for the money.
computer|You could just build your own computer thats better for 300-400 bucks...save your money, this is WAY overpriced. I recommend windows but its up to you.
computer|Recently, I decided to take the plunge and purchase a new MacBook Pro to replace my 2006 Black MacBook. The new MacBook 2.3ghz - 15.4" is fine as laptop computers go. I don't need the "Retina" model and would never buy one. My display is almost too bright and sharp as it is. The display is beautiful even without "Retina". The MacBook Pro Retina display models also eliminate the DL-DVD player/burner, the Ethernet connection and the FW800 port. All three are options I use almost every day!! Why would I pay more for less!!Of course, the 500 Gig 5400 disc is too slow for music production and 4 Gigs of RAM had to be updated to 8 gigs of RAM. Apple, really!! You couldn't give consumers another $35.00 of RAM, which would have provided the 8 gigs instead of 4 gigs? This is really petty on the part of Apple. A high performance computer should come with extra RAM when it's so inexpensive. At least I can replace the Hard Drive and RAM, which you can't do with the "Retina" MacBook Pro.My real complaint is with Amazons bate & switch game. You go to buy a computer and Amazon is listing that laptop for almost full price. So, they show you others that are a little less expensive. Which one will you buy? You'll buy the cheapest one available when they're the same (brand new) MacBook Pro computer. Once I made my purchase for $1789.00 for the MacBook Pro, Amazon lowered their price down to $1709.00 for the exact same computer. When I called Amazon about getting a price guarantee, the call center representative said, "Sorry, you didn't buy your computer from Amazon, and regardless, Amazon has NEVER had a price guarantee." Well I'm sorry, I did buy my computer from Amazon, with an Amazon credit card. The transaction was done on the Amazon website, with an Amazon vendor. Every consumer based store in America has a price guarantee for at least 30 days from the time of purchase, but not Amazon!!I hope it's worth it to Amazon that they've lost a customer for life and thousands of dollars of purchases over the next few years because of their petty business practices. I recommend that no one buy their computers from Amazon, because they will not give you a "Price Guarantee", once they change the price the next day.Nice one Amazon!!!
computer|People tend to be "star-struck" with new products, and this review attempts to be objective about some of of the less appealing aspects of Apple products in general. Why in general? Because increasingly consumers have a range of Apple products that work together. So I have an iPhone, an iPad (1), a Macbook pro 17, and an Imac 27 inch screen. The point of looking at the "rough spots" is to make your Apple experience better, and to apprise you of any bumps in the road.This review will be a work in progress, as I'm not sure Amazon will let me post it - they consider any post on Apple products the same. So I'm going to hit the submit key and see what happens.
computer|I purchased one Revision older than the Newer one.First I should say I have buyer's remorse for paying almost three times the purchase price of a comparable Windows Laptop. Granted The Mac Book Pro looks cool and trendy. But once I got to practical day to day use, I started feeling frustrated with it. Here are my findings after 4 months of intensive use. I am a software programmer who runs multiple virtual machines at the same time and use my computers at their peak.1. Mac OS Lion is a bloated piece of software. It takes more than 5 minutes to reboot the system. And it takes as much orsome times more to shutdown the system. Sometimes it even refuses to shutdown. It seems something is going on with iTunesand AppStore that prevents it from shutting down. My only recourse was to hard reset through power off and on.I had to reboot many times because the Mac Book Pro's performance degraded with time.2. The heat dissipating shell is a real bad idea for a high performance laptop. I have to rest my lower end of palms on thelaptop for typing. There is no other way unless one is stationary and set with external mouse and keyboard.Since it gets so hot in that area, my wrists started getting hot and I felt pain in the arms. I had to wear mitts to insulate my palms from the heat.3. Wireless connectivity. While my HP laptop was able to quickly connect and stay online, the Mac Book Pro took too longto connect and frequently dropped the connection.
computer|PC all day long... Get this apple garbage out of here. If your fat, nobody likes you, and you haven't or never will have a girlfriend, and you live in your moms basememnt, this is the computer for you then.
computer|This is my first mac, and although it's pretty cool being the newest version June 2012, it kinda crawls along compared to the new macbook air with the solid state hard drive.I ordered an ssd for my new mac and an upgrade to 8gb of 1600Mhz Ram. That should make this computer worthy of 5 stars.The ssd and extra ram are an option if you order directly from apple, but your definitely going to pay for it. I think it was around 16 hundred bucks last I checked. (It never hurts to check your options).If you ask me for almost $1200.00 an ssd and at least 8gb ram should have been included, but whatever, everybody wants more $$$.Overall I'm happy, but I'll definitely be happier when I upgrade to the ssd and more ram. It's a solid laptop, and the aluminum body at least makes you feel like you've got something for your money as opposed to a plastic shell. And I don't feel like I'm going to snap it in half on accident like the macbook air.I'm also thinking of taking out the optical drive while I'm putting in the new ssd. I watched some video's it's not rocket science so if your comfortable with electronics you shouldn't have a problem. This should make it a little lighter, but may void your warrenty (but not forever apparently). If you need to get it serviced the guys at apple just told me to pop back in the optical drive before I get it serviced. They definitely have good customer service, so that is always a plus.They said changing the ssd and ram doesn't affect the warranty at all so if your sketchy about removing the optical drive you can at least upgrade to the ssd and upgrade the ram and not affect your warranty. Hope this helps if you have been looking at macs for a while like I was. Read other reviews, but more importantly actually visit an apple store and play with the different laptops if you can. That will help you decide more than anything. Good luck!
computer|I bought a MBP 13.3" 750GB. The built quality is really good, I was so Happy & excited about this Product. Initially i did not realized the flaws, cause i was uploading Pictures & working on photos. After few weeks when i started browsing the internet, i noticed the letters ( Fonts) were smudgy. I thought that it will be fine, if i do some settings. I tried for couple of days but nothing improved. So i took it to an Apple store & the Technician said that the Graphic card is defective. He quoted that "The Fonts look horrible". He recommended me to return, since it was less than 30 days. So i returned it & got another one, to my dismay the other one was even worst than the earlier one. I needed to go to the Apple store again, but the problem is not solved. I think Apple has some serious problems in the Mac Book Pro. I am using computers more than 20 years. This is the first time, i had a serious problem ... that too with a higher end product. So please think twice & check the product ......if you still want to invest money in this product. I am very disappointed with my purchase.... I am going to return it back again.
computer|I was thrilled to purchase the MacBook Pro for almost $200 less than in the Apple store. I upgraded from a MacBook to a MacBook Pro. Haven't noticed much of a difference but haven't used much yet. I am sure I will be pleased.
computer|Apple Store's display doesn't make it especially easy to compare the most significant differences among models, but it appears that the 15" MacBook Pro (not the 15" MacBook Pro Retina) is the ONLY current Apple computer that comes with the following three features that are so essential to many us: 1. a built-in optical drive ("Superdrive"); 2. an "Audio In" port; 3. an "Audio Out" port. With such a machine, any audiophile or media person is practically assured of having a self-contained portable audio workstation, one that will record LPs, cassette tapes, FM broadcasts with a simple line (in my case, from an Onkyo receiver) to the "Audio In" of the machine, nothing else required. Moreover, the presence of the two ports permits near-flawless capturing of any of the sounds emitted from a website or from the computer by attaching a simple patch cord between the two ports (I use an inexpensive splitter at the "Audio Out" port for monitoring purposes. Finally, the built-in optical drive obviates the need to drag along an external drive, which can prove clumsy at best (taking up extra space on the desk) and mal-functioning at worst (I've never had a problem with an internal SuperDrive, but the external Apple Drives have failed with astonishing regularity, requiring all sorts of ingenious tricks to remove a stuck CD and often suffering damage in the process of removal).By contrast with this machine, the new iMac (and most of the other Macbooks) offers neither an optical drive nor an "audio in" port. Moreover, with the lack of an internal optical drive, I've forfeited two of the machine's USB ports--one to an interface; the other, to a burner--while attempting, with sporadic success, to import decent audio into the computer. (At least, I've learned to purchase only external optical drives that have an eject button and a slide-out tray. None of the non-Apple optical drives has presented so much as a single problem--and each has cost me under $50).I was among the first to purchase the unloved, scorned-upon Macbook Air back in 2008. The first model had some costly problems (that problematic hinge!), but Apple withstood the flak (especially about the absence of an optical drive) and by 2010 came to market with not one but two Macbook Airs--an 11" and 13". The criticism has waned, and now I'd be the first to recommend an Air for truly portable computing. Unfortunately, what was once regarded as an aberration, then a curiosity, and finally a respected member of the Apple family, has now, it would appear, become the "prototype" for all Apple models. I would expect the machine you're looking at to be the last Apple machine to come with the 3 features mentioned above.This may be a transitional time in Apple's history, one leading, moreover, to another consumer computing revolution and to a roaring comeback in Apple's stock price. If people increasingly find CDs useless--even in their music collections--and if makers of ancillary products begin to show more products that might benefit from the added speed of US 3.0 and Thunderbolt (which is close to being all that remains of Apple connectivity apart from "the Cloud"), Apple could win big--really big. But in the meantime, consumers who purchase, for example, a new iMac can only be left scratching their heads about how to make use of all those super-fast ports (USB 3 and Thunderbolt) on the back of their new machines, however ahead of the curve they may be. At this point, the iMac has become less about practicality than bragging rights ("look guys, mine has a Fusion Drive--just take my word for it").
computer|i consider rating the product because it's not a simple thing to buy online and in different conditions fromother stores....i took an aim and it was great. the computer is in excellent shape and its new!!!! good review from me!!!!
computer|Had to replace my old Macbook Pro not due to defect, but was rather unexpectedly smashed to pieces from a fall.I enjoy the speedier processor and better battery life, although I think 7 hours is a bit optimistic. I went with this instead of retina because I wanted an optical drive and suspect this body style might be a tad more upgradable.
computer|Just got my Macbook Pro 15&#34; and could not be happier. It's the mid 2012 version. Web surfuring is smooth and seamless.
computer|Great deal on an amazing lap top! not something you want to miss out on!!! It comes brand new out of the box and is fast, gorgeous and over all an amazing computer.
computer|This system had problems that started small: high pitched whine of the fans signaled a high CPU. Then the system would many times not power down without a forced power-off. The problems only got worse: reformatted the system hard drive to try and fix the system and then it lost total ability to connect to the Internet.Thank goodness that I bought Applecare before the included warranty expired. So I brought it into the local Apple Store for repair. This was a mistake.After 14 days, and two separate trips, and even a phone call to support in between the first and second repair, I'm still not sure that they got it right. First they replaced the logic board and the second time the memory. In the last 4 days after the second repair the system froze with a tick-tick-tick sound until forced powered off.There was a large 4-day gap in the second repair when, after two unanswered calls to the store, the Store employee who finally answered my return call to them (which stated that they needed a call with my go-ahead) did not inform the original Apple store employee that I had authorized the go ahead, so the system sat not being repaired for 4 days until they called me again asking for the same authorization.Now I am wondering if the hard drive is bad and caused the OS corruption and not the RAM. I bet they didn't check this.I now believe that I cannot trust this system, nor the repair techs at the Apple Store that I took it into.I now want a replacement system, refurbished or new, since I've lost trust in this system now and have spent countless hours restoring from my backups. If this had been a work system, I would have been down for 14+ days.I loved my older MacBook Book Pro 15" and it only needed a new logic board after 3+ years. This one was to be my dream replacement system and I am in no way confident that this will last 1/2 as long.Needless to day, I am really very disappointed in Apple. Poor customer service has really wrecked this experience for me. The only reason I am giving it above a 1 star is that when it works, the system is pretty awesome: fast, beautiful screen and physically perfectly sized.UPDATE 2/4/13: More problems surfaced since my last review. Video is now officially glitchy (white/random rectangles dancing across the screen before the screen goes black) and has joined a new problem: a 3-Beep (pause) 3-Beep (pause) repetition that occurs when coming out of sleep mode. This beep will not stop until the system is hard-powered down. Apparently, this has to do with a memory issue--like the RAM that they replaced at the Apple Store.I now have an escalation going with an Apple Care Senior Adviser, apparently higher than your standard Apple Care tech, who promised to fix this given the myriad of problems. At this rate, they will probably replace everything within the unibody shell before they simply give me even a refurbished replacement system.Update 2/28/13: after now weeks of remote analysis and reporting, and essentially nothing being fixed, I've now been authorized to mail in the system for repair (with promises that Apple will not let me be stuck with a non-working system). At this point, it is so unstable that I cannot even do a backup without the screen shuddering and then the system locking up completely. I'm resigned that the hard drive will need full replacement as well as the RAM, and that I will essentially need to rebuild the system (again) from the backups. I'm hearing 4-5 business days and NO promises of a new/rebuilt system at all. More when I get it back.
computer|The majority of the reviews seem to be for the 13.3 MacBook Pro Model # MD101LL/A.Is the information interchangeable??I am only interested in the 15.4 McBook Pro Model # MD103LL/A
computer|My week-old Apple MacBook Pro laptop just died. My first experience with a Mac has shown nothing but technical incompetence. Their automated phone support system doesn't work and took me half of an hour to get a person who then told me he couldn't help me because that was a different department. They gave a $100 gift card with the Mac which didn't work (even though at Coffee Bean, Starbucks, etc. I've NEVER had issues with gift cards). Now the laptop itself dies after one week. I'm forced to deal with this company because I teach programming, but it's beyond me how this company has grown to the size it has. The laptop is twice as expensive as an equivalent Windows laptop and three times as expensive as an equivalent linux laptop.How does this company stay in business? Especially a tech company that can't its tech right! I love and use linux. I use Windows and it works. So far all I've seen from Apple is terrible support people and a terrible product.
computer|I'm a convert. I have an iphone and iPod and decided it was time to venture into a laptop. I'm now spoiled. Upon opening up the computer I was guided through migrating all of my data from my old pc. Fast, easy, done. The speed of the MacBook Pro is amazing. In the past on my pc I would click on an e-mail and wait, and wait, fold some laundry, come back, wait some more, while the program opened. No more. It's nearly instant. When I open the lid to my Mac it instantly responds and I'm on the net.
computer|never thought anyone could make something worse than a windows machine, well apple out did themselves with the crapbook pro!ive had a home computer since 1996,this apple is the first one where the power cord has shorted out and has poor wiring...its that cheaply madethe track pad has malfunctioned, never had that with gateway...eventhe keyboard also goes rougue out of nowhere, again never had that problem...one of the usb ports has also stopped working when i first got this thing the battery life was 6-8 hours...its down to 2-3 hours fully charged!I think i need to put this review on amazon.com! the hardware problems have been so bad, i can't wait till it completely dies in 3 years, TOPS! wish i didnt have to wait that long! YEs APPLE sucks that bad!All you people that praise apple must never be talking about the laptops! Love my iphone and I pod touch(knock on wood) or you've been seduced by the dark side of the force! ive gotta back this thing up AGAIN and take it to the galleria....i can SEE why they offer apple care, you'll need it!!!!
computer|it's a great laptop, fast, silent - plays Flash HD content without any noise now.What hasn't been improved is battery life - despite the new Intel platform it's actually slightly worse.It's overpriced too - for same or less money you can get full HD ANTIGLARE screen and better specs from most competitors.Major problem for me is a glossy screen - even in dark room it reflects any light source directly into eyes - this not just annoying, this is officially bad for human eyes. I will have to return this to get anti-glare version, which is another $200 on top of already steep price - this is just a robbery!
computer|This computer was bought for someone who was just beginning to adopt the Apple computer family. Assisting this person in learning the Apple system I was forcefully reminded about the differences between Windows and OS X. Accessing resources in Windows, by comparison is quite clumsy, and the ready access to OS X resources is so in-your-face that it's confusing to someone who has limited their use of their PC in the past from the lack of ease in finding what they wanted. Although Microsoft and Microsoft-based computers have replicated many of the interface features of the Apple system, the native functions of an Apple computer running Apple software is remarkably more intuitive. This person needs to unlearn many of their Windows habits, just as I did when I moved to Apple.2/23 Addition - After reading a few of the five-star reviews on this product, I feel I should apologize for my wimpy review above. About three years ago, I bought my first Mac, a MacBook Pro 13" and experienced the genuine thrill of using this excellent machine. I assumed most of the reviews would be from confirmed Mac users, but was pleasantly surprised to find that most were like me, converts from Windows. So I want to join the chorus of praise for these excellent machines, dictating this review from my 11" inch MacBook Air, my constant companion. Of course everything I do on my Air is shared with my MacBook Pro "portable desktop" as well as my iPod Touch, perhaps the most important thing about the Apple system. For you newcomers, welcome home.By the way, I lied. My first Mac was actually a Mac Classic II, the little box that ate the lunch of all the PCs that existed in 1992. My work "converted" me to Windows laptops until 2009.
computer|my review is to commend apple on another amazing product. 3 stars is because of the horrible way amazon sent me my delivery. My first attempt at posting this was rejected by amazon, hopefully this one makes it. I think its smart to warn customers not to buy a $2000 laptop that gets delivered in a ripped box with popped bubble wrap inside.
computer|I've owned a bunch of Macs over the last four years, switching over after 20 or so years of PCs. Initially, I loved my 13" Macbook Pro and vowed never to go back to PCs. With my new 15" Macbook Pro, I still won't go back to PCs and in general I really like my Mac, but I no longer love it. I have the new 2012 edition with 750 MB hard drive and 8 GB of RAM. It's quite fast but doesn't seem any where near as fast as it should be based on its rated speed. RAM should not be an issue with 8 GB but it regularly runs out and I have to use 3rd party software to free up RAM, whether I'm editing photos in iPhoto or Aperture or running Final Cut Pro X. It seems that Apple should by now have figured out how to cycle RAM in a way that constantly frees up older allocations and keeps space open for applications being used currently. Seriously.Most egregiously, I'm really pissed off with how computer makers consistently lie about battery life. The 2012 MacBook, as with the few generations before it, advertises a 7 or so hour life under normal use. I find this unconscionably off the mark. My Macs have NEVER lasted more than three hours on one charge under even light usage (Word, web, etc.), and generally last about 2 hours new. This is so far from seven hours I don't know how it's legal to advertise seven hours.Conclusion: I like my Mac (and I really like my Mac desktop), but I expect a lot more from Apple nowadays. Three stars out of five. And I'd appreciate any tips (beyond the obvious) for increasing battery life or managing RAM.Update 10/6: I forgot to add that it gets REALLY hot, to the point where I can't hold it on my lap. This is far hotter than any previous MacBook or Air that I have had has gotten. Even the palmrest gets really hot. This is a major defect that I can't believe Apple allowed.Update 10/20: I've changed this review to two stars because this new allegedly lightning fast MacBook is simply not fast. In fact, it's pretty damn slow and gets hung a lot. It's also started crashing entirely, which has never happened in any of my prior Macs. Crashed twice today in editing with FCP X and I had to force re-boot with the power key. Really disappointed in this purchase.
computer|Title says it all. The Macbook was defective and kept restarting itself so I couldn't even use the product. Proof that Apple products aren't as amazing as they're hyped up to be.So naturally, I tried returning it to Amazon but I had moved locations after I bought the Macbook, so UPS kept REPEATEDLY coming to the wrong address to try and pick it up. The customer service was TERRIBLE as I tried returning it before the 30-day policy, but they kept telling me to do different things each time so it got delayed to THREE MONTHS. I had FINALLY managed to get the Macbook shipped to the Amazon location but they actually SHIPPED IT BACK TO ME BECAUSE THEY THOUGHT IT WAS THE WRONG ITEM. So now I have to wait until I go back to that address and call them to come pick it up then.The best part of course is because it's being returned back after the 30-day return policy due to Amazon's incompetent customer service of handling A SIMPLE PICK UP AND RETURN, I am only being refunded 80% of the amount - meaning I lose $300. For buying a damn defective Macbook.Moral of the story? Don't buy expensive things from Amazon. If you're buying an Apple product, just do it the safe way and buy it directly from Apple and save yourself the hassle. Who knows how Apple will try to rip you off.
computer|I hear people say that these laptops are so overpriced... they really are not.I was choosing between the macbook pro 13.3 and the dell xps 14. the mbp has comperable specs and ends up being cheaper because you dont have to pay tax when getting it from amazon as apposed to getting the dell from dell. (I would have compared the dell xps 13 but it only comes with second gen i5)I'll show you :)Dell XPS 14Screen: 14" 1600 x 9003rd gen. i5-3317u @ 1.7ghz4gb DDR-3 1333mhz500gb 5400rpm hd + 32gb mSataIntel HD 4000 graphicsOptical Drive4.6 lbs69 WHR BatteryWindows 7$1099.99Macbook Pro 13.3Screen: 13.3" 1280 x 8003rd gen. i5 2.5ghz4gb DDR-3 1600mhz500gb 5400rpm hdIntel HD 4000 graphicsOptical Drive4.5 lbs63.5 WHR BatteryOS X$1199.99 (cheaper here on Amazon tho)So the Mac has a faster processor and faster ram. While the Dell has a slightly larger screen and a 32gb mSata.And, because you can get the Macbook Pro here on amazon cheaper than list price and tax free it is actually cheaper - Than a DELL. and dell is not exactly known for overpricing pcs...Just my 2 cents.
computer|This item is of course amazing! I mean anyone that has used a Mac before knows the quality of these products are amazing and worth the hefty price tag. They are durable and seem to last forever. I Would certainly purchase again, and again, and again lol.
computer|I spend 3000 bucks for this stupid mac book pro retina display and it does not function well? Everything lags. I went to genius bar and they say my hands are tied and wait for update to see if that fixes. I should not have bought apple!The problems are:1) The wifi does not work2) The wake up screen freezes too long3) The noise of graphics card is too huge when watching movies4) When I slide between the desktop it freezes atleast sometime before it come backs to normal5) The safari is the worst browser.a) It lags when you scroll in safarib) Lately, when I open safari and slide between the deskstops it takes foreever as if the trackpad is not working.c) It keeps logging me out of facebook.d) It is dirupting the display when you scroll the pages.6) When I try to use mission control it simply lags very ugly.7) The battery performance is worst. It not even close to 7 hrs as in advertisement.8) Its not even quieter when I watch movies or any other applications as told in advertisement.9) I did not have credit card so I did not make apple account so when I formated my computer as directed by the apple customer care I had to buy OS X mountain lion againg.And I spend 3000 bucks for this laptop and when I go to genius bar they expect me to just listen they can't help anymore. Why did I even buy this thing?
computer|First let me say this Mac was a gift. Second let me say not really.I hate it so much I wouldn't even give it to you if I hated you.First I wiped this device and installed a clean version. Then I updated. You know the low cost updates Apple puts out. Seriously I had to leave it running overnight on the update.It has been nothing but problems. Every update breaks something and not I am not kidding. Mostly they break their own tools or apps.I updated the software on a clean install, then update iTunes, cool yeah. Wrong. iTunes needs quicktime version blah blah error starts popping up. Only that version is installed and I'm not using iTunes.Then I update the OS to the newest version only to see its killed Cisco VPN permanently. I don't mean the client I mean it removed the parameters in networking to allow connections. And it broke the web version of Cisco Anyconnect which you have to buy and its not cheap. My Apple support friends at Boeing have asked me how I fixed it. I look on websites forApple and they are dumber than crowbars so I happen to see a 64 bit mentioned and I decide to search for a Cisco 64 bit client and install it. Works again only I am running 32bit OSX nice. Then I try to update again to the best yet from Apple low and behold I'm told to buy it from the store. Only I have to have the newer version to download from the store. Apple intellect at its best.After a phone call and some money I have a cd on the way. I install the next version, setup a printer, setup office, configure email, and install a couple other items nothing major though.Installed updates 1GB worth and bam the printer is dead. Of course on windows you can delete, or change/view the network settings, and reinstall in a minute. On a mac you need another 1.5 GB install. The cool thing is how you download the installer and it expands it and moves the files to various other locations. Sheer genius to take a download file, extract it to a .pkg file, then scatter files all over the hard drive so you cant possibly just go back to the download location to reinstall. Now I suppose their is some script I could run but I can't even find the install using Apple guidelines from the OS. Not even using the help from from forums.Anyone that says a mac is easy is lying. Every update you run the prospect of losing hardware settings, programs you bought may no longer work, and you might even have a paper weight.The issues I have had are not hardware problems. I installed another harddrive, installed Windows XP and no issues, wiped it and installed windows 7 and both were faster and more stable.If all your going to do is browse the web and use iTunes you might be okay other than that they are junk. I have built a non standard Windows 2008 server on a Dell desktop and had to hack network card drivers and it runs fine, wiped a virus off a kids pc, did a complete reinstall of Vista without drivers on an older pc and spent less time than on this mac. I have had it two months and its been used about 12 times, I have ins talled windows XP\windows 3.1\95\95\windows 7 and updated thousands of times and even the worst pc I have had, has never given me this much grief. This is the reason MS sold 60 million copies of XP, over 60 million copies of Windows 7 and Apple has sold 3 million mountain lion operating systems. And Apple charges $15 and Windows charges between $100-$300 per copy.If you buy a new computer every 3-6 months Apple is for you. The first couple updates will render it a paper weight and then you can get a new one and they will give you an $8 trade in credit too! As for the folks at the store helping you I would say yes they will if you forgot how to plug it in. If it involves tech support you better hope you have some good diagnostic skills. I usedto think I did before I got this mac.I got this laptop for troubleshooting and to become familiar so I could assist others. It has taken more research than my degree and let me tell you it certainly has help me learn how to troubleshoot macs.Now I know why few vendors make software for macs. It's not because Mac doesn't license them its because of poor/incomplete development at Apple.
computer|Not impressed with Macintosh products. In fact I am completely frustrated. I have had the Macbook Pro for 1 1/2 years and I have found that it crashes as much as Windows. Also, many software programs are not compatible with the IOS platform. Luckily I still have a windows based computer to use when needed. I will be going back to Windows when I replace this laptop. Be sure the programs you need will work on a MAC before you buy one!
computer|I've spent more than $500 for Microsoft Office for Mac and other software that this piece of Chinese slave labor tells me it will not use. Apple sucks big time and this piece of crap comes with nothing usable at all unless you are a mindless Facebook junkie.Shame on the former good name of Apple, this is a total ripoff.
computer|Apple had to replace the hard driveEnough said. I have to write 20 words but there is not much else to say. Except they did fix it at the Apple store while I waited although I had to drive 50 miles o find an Apple Store
computer|Not worth the price, except for great visual appeal, the performance is sluggish, the weight also appears to be high.
computer|something about it was off. maybe mine was just acting up and acting strange but i had to return it and get myself another macbook pro.
computer|Dear amazon.com,I'm TRAN HOAI HAU, I ordered to buy macbook pro MD101 for order number 102-2584314-3521025. I received macbook but for me ask,In box macbook don't have recovery disk; software disk,...Thanks!
computer|It was time to replace my 8 year old laptop and I decided to get a &#34;fancy&#34; Mac Book Pro. You get what you pay for, right? WRONG! If you like your Windows 7, Vista or even XP, just stick with it. Any of those are way simpler to use than Apple's Mountain Lion operating system. Mac is complicated and frustrating at moments. I watched tutorials and that helped somewhat but not enough. I'm a small business owner and a productivity aspect is very important to me. Windows operating system is a superior product by far. It's actually very obvious. Just look at a market share between the two concepts. I should have known better. I hope you don't make the same mistake...
computer|product came very quickly. Package safely. easy to open package. product was left on front porch which was risky considering the high cost of this product. I would have preferred that it not be left on the porch exposed to theft.
computer|Very bad experience.i buy this from amazone . This is used one but... . I can't even use it becouse its lock with user password and i can't even access this laptop:( can't download any thing i don't know what do ? I want to return this laptop .this is just waste of money
computer|The 13" screen is crisp and clear and just the right size for portability. At home and the office it gets plugged into an external 24" LCD screen, so built in screen size is not terribly important. Intel HD4000 graphics handle web pages, video files, photo editing (Lightroom) all fine, runs Diablo 3 acceptably, but this isn't a gamer's notebook.USB3 is AWESOME, copied from a portable USB3 drive to another portable USB3 drive at 75MB/sec (about 4 times faster then doing the same with USB2 drives.)No thoughts yet on Thunderbolt port, but I like the idea that it kind future proofs notebooks a little. (Thunderbolt is an external PCI-E bus.) Looking forward to affordable capable notebook docking stations built around thunderbolt for simplified home/office docking.About it not being a retina display: I Don't Care. Most of the time I use an external display. I also sit far enough away that I don't see individual dots anyway (internal or external screen.) And the fact that Apple is driving the 13" RMBP with the Intel4000 graphic chip seems underpowered (to me.)
computer|I just bought this MacBook Pro a few weeks ago, and the user interface was so simple I got used to my computer in a matter of days, rather than the year it took for me to master Microsoft Windows 7. Boot time is super fast, around anywhere from 35 seconds to 1 minute. Apps launch super fast, and the 500GB HDD is more than sufficient. I usually use my Mac for school work and internet browsing, so the entry-level 13" MacBook Pro is already more than what I expected from a computer I would typically use it for. Macs hardly ever get viruses, and they are completely incompatible with existing Microsoft Windows Viruses. Furthermore, Mac OS X Mountain Lion's Gate keeper prevents the user from downloading malware and trojans, which keep your data safe and your computer running at optimum speed. The keys on the keyboard are evenly spaced and are back-lit, which make it easy to use at night and for speed writing (Typing?). Overall, the screen resolution, though non-retina, is sufficient for normal web browsing and work. I still don't get why retina displays are standard on most new iOS devices, but are only available on the MacBook Pro with Retina Display (Total cheapskate!). The thunderbolt port is awesome! It's 10gbps transfer speeds surpass even the super-fast USB 3.0 (Which also comes with the MBP). US 3.0 comes with the MBP and has transfer rates of up to 5gbps. Other ports include FireWire 800, Gigabit Ethernet, MagSafe port, Microphone jack. SDHC card reader and an optical drive for burning and reading discs.The glass track pad is large enough for Apple's highly acclaimed multi-touch gestures for scrolling through web pages with two fingers, zooming in on certain parts of certain apps by double tapping with two fingers, accessing launchpad by pinching with five fingers and using mission control by swiping up with four fingers.You can also buy one of Apple's magic mice, which connect to your Mac using Bluetooth, and also allows you to use certain multi-touch gestures such as zoom and scroll.For Windows users switching to a Mac, you can also enable right clicking (known to apple as secondary click) in the system preferences> Mouse and enabling right clicking.The unique to apple aluminium uni-body is a real beauty. It makes the MBP very durable and protects it from scratches, though you shouldn't go launching it against a wall for the sake of trying it.For Windows users who are used to using Microsoft Office, you can buy a license for the latest Microsoft Office software for Mac (Currently 2011) at any of apple's retail stores, Apple Authorised resellers, any store that sells Microsoft Office for Mac or downloading the software directly from Microsoft's website.*Users without an optical drive can skip the installation of Microsoft Office and head to the next section*To install the software, simply insert the disc provided in the package into the optical drive and open and install all the files.Enter your code printed on the back of your CD sleeve when prompted.Done! Enjoy using Microsoft Office!*For those without an optical drive (MBP with Retina Display and MB air), read this. Users with and optical drive can skip this section*To download Microsoft Office, go to Microsoft's website and download the trial version. When prompted, enter your code printed on the back of your CD sleeve to unlock the full potential of Microsoft Office 2011 for Mac.The Mac app store and iTunes store are phenomenal. The Mac app store is your one-stop shop for Mac software, though you can also download software online at your own risk. There are currently around 10,000 apps on the App store (and counting...), and billions of songs available for download fro the iTunes store. iTunes is also you default (And also your only) media player besides DVD player, or any other media players you may come across on the internet. iTunes is one of the better media players available on the market with it's simple to use User Interface. Users switching from a PC will definitely prefer iTunes to Microsoft's Windows media player.Overall, the high price of the MacBook Pro may convince users to buy a cheaper Windows PC instead. But remember, you are paying a high premium for a product with better build quality and high quality software, which is a joy to work with, considering that you can finally work in peace without having to worry about the millions of Windows viruses out in the wild attacking countless careless and oblivious PC users. I'm sure you won't regret making this purchase.
computer|This is my first of many MacBooks to own in the future. I have owned at least 4 to 5 laptops and computers - but this is by far the most superior machine I have ever owned. The speed is incredible, the build is solid, and Apple's customer service is superb. I love it and I am so glad I "converted."
computer|To sum it up, the Macbook is one of the best computers I've ever owned. It's fast, light, and is perfect for media editing, which is mostly why I bought it in the first place. One problem does emerge though: the price. At $1899 to start, this is no cheap machine. Though you are getting an excellent machine and paying a decent price for the parts, many other machines can match if not go far past this one in terms of graphics preformance and other factors and run you a lot less. It is my belief though that if you intend to use any computer as a media editing machine, or even as a daily driver, then an OSX machine is certianly worth it, and with this now taking the top spot in screen size on the Macbook line I would definatly recommend this to anyone who asked.
computer|This is my first Mac and I love it. I did swap out the hard drive for a Samsung 830 SSD which I highly recommend. I also upgraded to 8gb of memory. Coming from a pc, its a bit of a learning curve but totally worth it. The build quality is second to none, i was worried about the lower screen resolution of 1280X800 but am happy to report that it is still very sharp and high quality. The trackpad is easily the best I have ever used.I was considering the macbook air due to the smaller size, while larger this macbook pro is still easily portable and I kind of like the added weight as it feels I wont break it by just looking at it like the Air. Also, the fact i can upgrade the hard drive and memory is what made me choose this macbook pro. On the macbook air at you cannot upgrade the RAM or hard drive as its soldered onto the board.
computer|This is amazing product. I had my PC laptop for 3 years and going to a MacBook Pro is like I leaped through time. Apple did a great job. I would recommend it to anyone. Mountain Lion is the best OS I've seen. Smooth and fast.
computer|I've used PC all my life and really wanted a mac since my cousin got one in the early 90s. The macbook pro is really responsive. If you've used an iPhone (or any touch screen device) you can use a mac's track pad no problem. I used to hate using track pads on PC's because they were always so small, I don't mind using the mac's track pad but would consider buying the magic mouse just because I'd rather use a mouse and the glass touch pad makes me nervous, I'm halfway afraid I'll break it. At the apple store I had the guy change the track pad so you don't have to click it, I can just tap it to open an app.The graphics are pretty good for someone who doesn't game a lot, if you're used to a lower end PC's graphics you'll be impressed by these graphics, although before I bought the mac I had a netbook and I was impressed by it's graphics too. If you haven't played with a mac in person, be sure to check one out somewhere if graphics are your tipping point. The screen is really nice, very clear and bright. The mac installed Microsoft office for mac with no problems. The only thing I would say that I don't like about the mac is that you cannot download more than one app at a time and it takes forever to download apps. I had to install Mountain Lion and it took a good two hours. I've noticed that if you close your open windows the app download time is less. The mac does get hot when it's charging, and when it's not it's still pretty hot (and I mean hot not warm.) Be sure to have good air flow where ever you put it. I have a fan blowing toward mine and it's been cool all morning even with the charger in. If you're going to let a little one play with it make sure you set it on a desk so it doesn't heat up your baby's lap. I've read that the mac becomes cooler as it gets more broken in, but I have no proof of that yet. I would recommend to a friend if they can afford it, if not an iPad or an iPod touch really isn't too far off. Also if you're a netbook user like I was the macbook will seem kind of heavy, but I'm sure after carrying it to and from your destinations (school, work) it will seem lighter. One more thing, this mac does NOT come with restore disks and I am not sure if you can make them direct from the mac like you can with newer PC's, also the charging cables are made of the same cheap material as the iPhone/iPod touch cables. In my experience with the iPhone, the charging cable became very frayed and I could see the wires and aluminum in the cord. WIth a seven hour battery life I would recommend keeping the charger in one spot at home and making sure your battery is full before you leave home, or buy a second cable for use at work or school. Maybe that will save the life of the cord and keep it from being frayed from too much movement. This mac does come with an extender cable and I'm using mine right now hoping the cable will stay nice for the many years I plan on using this mac. The part where the charger connects to a mac is a magnet and a strong one at that, be sure to keep your credit cards and cell phones away from it so it doesn't erase the data. I did read that in the fine print of the mac booklet. I might have read it incorrectly, but better safe than sorry right?Hope this helps!P.S. the camera DOES NOT look hot it does on TV! It's very pixely, I don't know if you can change the quality of the camera, BUT just a heads up. It may be because the room I use it in has poor lighting, but it could also be that the camera just isn't that good. What you see on TV is probably pre-recorded using a real camera. I didn't buy the mac for it's camera or FaceTime or any of that so it's not a deal breaker for me, but it could be for someone else.
computer|Out of all the laptops I have owned, this is by far the best! I was considering buying the Air, but in reality, this one has a more powerful performance and seems much more convenient, even though it's about .20 inch thicker and 2 lbs heavier. I'm not sure if it was covered in the description, but it does have a backlit keyboard and I'm getting about an 8 hour battery life on one charge (Except I don't use this for games or videos, which obviously would drain the battery faster). It wakes in less than a second when I open the lid. The screen has an extremely high resolution that I'm very pleased with. Even though MacBooks are expensive, you will see that they are well worth the money. I have only used PCs in the past, and it's easy to see that Apple is just more advanced. You will not regret buying this computer!
computer|The best purchase i've made in years! I'M SO HAPPY WITH MY macbook pro! I really LOVE IT! I s a different experience
computer|I started out with a Mac back in the early 90s but then switched over the windows in 1997 but now I'm glad to be back. I can't believe how quiet the hard drive is and how quick this thing boots up. So far it's running perfectly. Oh yeah, and it doesn't get hot. So far I'm happy! Highly recommend.
computer|So where do I begin so that the legions of Apple critics and fans do not view this as support of their narrow views? I will say that I am not into the Windows vs. OSX argument - I do not think Apple is evil nor that they have, hands downs, the best products. I have had Windows desktops and one laptop - and yes - I had the typical problems with them that are often used as reasons for one jumping ship to Apple.I had said that my next notebook would be an Apple, but never really wanted to pay Apple's steep price. OPEN BOX is the way to go - I got 10% off a returned MacBook that looks to have never been used - the power cords had not even been unwrapped. Then - as a student and an educator - I was able to get another $100 off the price. Still, at nearly a grand after taxes, the cost was pretty steep when BB had PCs with similar or better specs for half the price.So, why stick with this? I want to find out for myself if this is worth the price and the hype. I already knew that Apple's customer service is great, and that alone is worth maybe $150. I do very little on my comp - read the news, write some papers, watch a movie, play chess at Yahoo!, so I do not need it to be a power machine, I simply need it to work. And it does, very well, in fact. Processes are seamless -There is great integration of things like the email client, the Apple store, and iTunes - of which I have NEVER been a fan. I avoid iTunes on my iPhone at all cost - I use Media Monkey instead - But I can see how valuable it is on the notebook. I love how even the websites and files can be viewed in cover flow. Apple thinks of "little" but important things like using a charger that is magnetically help in place, so that if you trip on the wire, it disconnects, instead of sending your expensive computer crashing to the floor. And the fact that I can dual boot was a big selling point, if only so that I do not have to spend $100 to get Microsoft Word, which I will need once I start school again in a few weeks.I have had my MacBook for exactly two weeks, and I do enjoy it when I can use it, but I have not yet decided if I will keep it. This is because the thing gets so unbearably hot, that it becomes too uncomfortable to use. My first day with this, I set it up, started playing chess through the included app -I was not even online - and within ten minutes, I thought the machine would burn a hole in my pants! I turned it off and ran to my desktop to do some research. And wow - what did I find!Yeah - yeah - I get that Apple says the MacBook should not be used on laps- I get that I should go into Activity Monitor and quit programs that have high CPU - which are NONE - as I am doing very little on the thing in the first place. Yeah - I get that all of the Apple fans out there have this way and that way - some of it costing extra money - to try to help make my computing experience on the MB a more enjoyable one. But this is an experience I should have right out of the box! What other company makes a computer at this price that you cannot use for ten minutes without fearing you will suffer a burn? Now, before the fans come out and say, "Take it back, yours is defective," I will remind you that this problem has been documented all over the Internet. I do not want to hear I should update to Mountain Lion. I have already done the research, and some are complaining that their MacBook is running even hotter after the update. A co-worker of mine told me that he had a student bring a MacBook to him that had a battery so swollen that the chassis had separated by about 4 inches. Then I thought back to my own iPhone, which had to be replaced in January because of the same expanding battery issue; it split my phone's casing right down the back!How Apple sells these products (with consistent-enough overheating and battery problems) and gets the accolades they do is beyond me. Maybe it is because, other than these very serious flaws, they pioneer very good and exciting technology. You have the fans who will accept any ole shortcoming to remain loyal to what they think is a superior product. Then perhaps there are others who are in my situation, who for the most part really enjoy this MacBook and would love to spend more time learning and using it, but who experience discomfort in just trying to use it for basic computer tasks. This puts me on the fence, as I try to find solutions that do not require my having to dip into my pocket any more to use a computer that simply should not run this hot, especially at this price! If you do not mind the heat and/or are dedicated to spending more money to cool the MacBook, I say go for it. Even if you are not, but you have been thinking of taking the Apple plunge, I say try the MacBook out for yourself so that you can come to your own conclusion about the overall quality and worthiness of the MacBook. As for me, I remain hopeful and very disappointed at the same time. I soon have to make a decision about returning it, but I have to admit that I really like this machine so much now that the cost bothers me less and less everyday, but that heat... that is a whole different story!UPDATE -10/29/12After taking the comp in and meeting with the folks at Apple, the heating problem has simply resolved itself. As someone on the Apple forums suggested it would, it just stopped heating up so much and so quickly. For two months I have used the Mac - and for the most part have liked it. However, it certainly is not worth this much money, not my money! The novelty and mystique of the great Mac Book has worn off!There is just too much clicking I have to do to for basic functions like minimizing a screen and finding files. What takes 1 click on a Windows computer takes 2 on the Mac Book, what takes 2 on a Windows machine takes 3 on the Mac Book. Sorry, but it DOES crash, and it crashes as much as any Windows machine I have ever used. I do not like being forced to use iTunes. If I had known beforehand that I could not download and use Media Monkey on this, I would not have bought this laptop. I should be able to decide on the media management software that I want to use. iTunes is not even very intuitive; rip a CD that is a compilation, and iTunes will not even rip it as ONE CD, rather as a different CD per different artist, and then you have to go in and correct all of the tags so iTunes can properly catalogue your music in its library, and then you have to tell the program to go back and find album art? Who has time for this? Freeware is a whole lot easier and enjoyable to use, and allows you to use MY music the way I want to! The Mac Book has stopped being fun for me, and I do not see what it has/does so much more/better than a PC to justify paying twice the price for half the specs of a Windows machine.I have not yet decided if I will sell it; this will be determined by how much I end up paying for a Windows laptop. With Black Friday coming up, I should be able to get a good price, but if I end up paying more than $500, I will sell the Mac Book. Never thought I would say that I am looking forward to buying a Windows machine, but Windows 8 is very enticing, at the moment. The very good thing is that Apple products have great resale value, and my machine is only a few months old and is great cosmetic condition, as well as I have the latest Windows suite installed on it, so I should get a good price for it, if I do sell it.
computer|I bought this computer for my boyfriend and he just loves it! Tells me all the time it's just awesome! Thanks for the great price too.
computer|Mac is new to me. I need to talk to a tech about it rolling ,by itself, back to the top Sort of flickering. I love the clarity and will take a class or learn from my granddaughter. Sure different from windows.
computer|Yes there are issues if you are upgrading from a previous version of OSX, but once you are used to mountain lion, this is an excellent machine. Excellent trackpad, beautiful design, smooth aluminum build, good screen, magsafe, excellent keyboard, and good microphone/ web cam. The software suite is excellent too, no bloatware. It rarely asks to update, and when it does, it goes smoothly. The battery life is pretty good 4+ hours.Because the trackpad is accurate, the magsafe feature, and the fact that the software is stable and bloat free, this makes the machine largely frustration free. Another feature of the machine I'd like to point out is the neat design of the power adapter.I'll address some issues which have appeared in other reviews:- if you dislike the "rubber band" effect, use a mouse. But I don't see that as a huge negative for an otherwise good machine. I actually like the feature, but that is a subjective opinion.- This machine and the macbook air are for two different kinds of consumers. This one is cost effective if you want a large hard drive and disk reader/writer. The macbook air is for people who either do not mind having only 128gb as long as it is the faster ssd technology, or do not mind paying a bit more for the 256(?)gb version. It is also of course, lighter. I believe if you buy this machine and upgrade the hard drive to a 256 gb ssd, it would still be more cost effective though this one is thicker.Here are some tips:- It is probably much cheaper to upgrade the hard drive/ram yourself rather than to buy the more expensive option or have apple do it. But the machine runs fine (however subjective this judgment is) as it is.- If you look around or wait for a sale, you might get this laptop less than $1060.- Apple products have a high resale value. This greatly offsets the upfront cost.- Check to see how long an apple product has been released. Apple usually updates things about yearly. If you buy a product soon after it is released, this is a better deal.- Sure it would be nice if this machine had hdmi - but it doesn't. However, there are plenty of good cables sold on amazon that probably will solve the issue.
computer|The quality of the hardware is great for casual users. For power-users you will need a SSD and more RAM but it's a minor extra expense if you're spending this much on a laptop and the actual hardware upgrade is very simple.Get the apple-care package, it's ALWAYS worth it - especially if you travel with the laptop frequently.
computer|The item shipped different from what advertised and I had to pay for the the return shipment not fair at all!
computer|If you haven't made the switch to Apple... do it! I've owned a few Dells and a Toshiba and now I finally have a decent computer that has a battery that lasts more than 5 seconds. Seriously, my Dell batter stopped even lasting 1 second. It just stopped holding a charge. And it crashed a lot. Everyone should own a MacBook Pro.
computer|This product is excellent!!! I am now totally sold on Apple products. I have made the transition and would never go back to any other computer. Hooray all the way, every day for Mac!!!
computer|Just as described, even better than I expected! I am always iffy when buying used products, but I am very glad I bought this :)
computer|Everything a computer should be, just perfect. The body is solid and the OS is the best out there hands down!
