computer|This is the slowest piece of crap computer I have ever been dumb enough to purchase. I would not waist my money on it again.
computer|The ultra book boots up really fast. Windows 8 takes some getting use to. I love all of the features this ultra book have.
computer|
computer|1. Trackpad is tricky to work with. Tried installing better driver for it (Synaptics) but still horrible experience. Does not move well, does not point well, random jumps unrelated to me being unaware and accidentally touching it.2. Keyboard is really flimsy.3. Sound is pretty good but battery is terrible.4. *****DVD Player DID NOT WORK****** Completely non-functional. Even if the DVD player works on another identical system, the design for how it is popped out is really cheap and knock-off.5. TOO expensive for the quality they offer. Too cheap of a quality for them to ask for 550$!I returned mine the next day, good luck to you if you decide to spend your money on this..
computer|This is a pretty nice computer for the price. It has a lot to offer to it, I would however go with the Acer Aspire just because after some research, I found that it is better in the long run.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B009CQNPYQ/ref=as_li_ss_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=390957&creativeASIN=B009CQNPYQ&linkCode=as2&tag=wwwworkoutwei-20
computer|This is a pretty nice computer for the price. I did find that the Acer Aspire has more to offer and would be better in the long run.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B009CQNPYQ/ref=as_li_ss_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=390957&creativeASIN=B009CQNPYQ&linkCode=as2&tag=wwwworkoutwei-20
computer|I have just received my Asus laptop (i5) and I adore it!I've only had it for a short time, and it's the first computer I've ever owned so my opinion is not weathered by experience. Take what I say with a grain of salt.I am not a gamer, this laptop probably could not stand up to gaming so it may not be for you gamers. I don't really know though.It is comfortable and easy to use, and it runs quickly.I found it a little hard to figure out how to navigate through the files and apps of Windows 8 at first but I figured it out (mostly).It is light given it's size and abilities and I would recommend it to anyone who is in need of a good not too spendy laptop for everyday use.All in all, I am very pleased with my purchase.
computer|Don't like the windows 8 but I am sure it is because we are not used to it, yet. Systems seems a bit loud but sounds like the other Asus we have. Love that this has a DVD/RW player...So far the only ultrabook I have seen with one. Still slim. Battery life good, screen good. Some wireless 'mice' don't work on this and many manufacturers have yet to produce ones with drivers that do. Daughter hates that screen skips to next one if she touches the mousepad the wrong way.....then has to cycle through to get back to where she was. Wondering if there is a shortcut or work around.
computer|It works awesome. Really fast, the keyboard is great.The only downsides is that it sometimes it shutdowns unexpectedly, it only happened 2 or 3 times so far (after 2 months of use), it's weird.
computer|Great laptop for the price. Gave to my daughter for her birthday. She loves it and likes Windows 8 for the device interfaces
computer|Windows 8 crashes regularly, curser slow unresponsive, USB ports don't work. My other computer is 5 years old and works better than this one.
computer|I always purchased the $700 gaming laptops. Supper bulky, and heavy.When i received this laptop, i regretted every purchase I ever made of a laptop.It was thin, not as light as i expected but still light i guess, and very stylish!The windows 8 operating system is nice, but i would still prefer windows 7 ultimate over windows 8.The touch pad is nice to use after you get used to it. Keyboard is standard, but i really enjoy how the frame is (in a way) one piece. Give the Ultrabook a nice cool feeling.The only problems i had :-When i received it, the touchpad had not been glued properly, its not fixable.-The RAM wasnt enough for photoshop. I just purchased another ram stick, to have 8GB total.
computer|FYI, this laptop DOES support 16GB of RAM, and I definitely suggest the upgrade since memory is so cheap. Then, you can enable 512M of video memory in the BIOS with plenty of room left for general operations. I love the form factor of this Asus. So slim, not as light as most ultrabooks though. But, this thing is more like a full-blown laptop in an ultrabook body. I purchased one, and had to return it because at some point within the first 30 days, the LCD got all crazy with pink and green artifacts all over as if the internal connection was loose, or some other hardware problem. But, I've been using the second one I got for months with no problems. The quick start up and resume is really quick. It takes just a few seconds to resume, and around 20 seconds to start up cold. Windows 8 start screen sucks. I highly recommend Pokki for those who like a start menu and a regular desktop. One sucky caveat is that it's very difficult to install any other OS, or even reinstall a different copy of Windows 8 on these. So, no Ubuntu for me... yet (I'm sure someone will figure out a method eventually).
computer|Returned 2 of these. First one wifi would not pickup. Second one the fan ran all the time and loud. Third one the fan does run alot but not as loud.
computer|Bought as a graduation present for my daughter headed to college. Very slim design impressed her- I liked the aluminum cladding and other features. No other ultrabooks for this quality/price that I've seen.
computer|Gonna be work learning windows 8 and linking all my accounts. But the DVD works and the computer seems to be good for the price.
computer|everything is wonderful, but something about the driver or function of the touchpad, the two-finger scroll has stopped working and I cannot seem to find a fix. everything else is great.
computer|laptop met my expectations, I absolutely hate windows 8 though. someone at microsoft is out of their mind. I like the aluminum body.
computer|Seems to be just what they want in a bargain computer. No complaints so far. Just opened it for Christmas.
computer|I'm not a real technical person. I bought this for my son and before giving it to him for Christmas, I checked it out. It was my first experience with Windows 8, and it took me about 30 minutes to get comfortable with it. The layout of the start screen reminds me of a smart phone, and is customizable. Apps are also available....again, mimiking the smart phone or Ipad. It didn't take me long to decide I really liked it. It's fast and the display is crisp. You might have to adjust the touch pad sensitivity, but other than that, it was very simple to set up and get going, and once you get used to the new layout, it's pretty cool. This doesn't have a touch screen, which would make it even cooler, but for the price, it was a great deal.
computer|The boot speed is incredible and price is worthwhile. I do reccomend it for those interested in having a light weight but powerfull lapgtop.
computer|I got this laptop 2 weeks ago, and it is working great, no problems at all...Pro:- Pretty fast, no problems at all with games or any other programs I use- Looks pretty nice and feels cool with the aluminium body design- It starts really fast with the Asus Instant On- Kick ass sound- Thin and portable design even with the 15.6 screenCons:- No backlight keyboard (would be perfect if it would have it)- There is a little disperfection with the mousepad, its like bulk in the left side that makes it feel its not well assembly, and the top right side of the spacebar feel hard to press- Battery life is bad to averager, so you have to carry your charger mostlySo far I love it and its a great machine for that price I think
computer|Three days after receiving the laptop the screen started to blank off when I moved the lid. I emailed contacted customer support and two days later a replacement had arrived. The new laptop seems to be in good order expect that the * and - key by the numpad are in the reverse places :-S(rushed manufacturing ??).Other than that this is a good laptop, slim and easy to carry, big enough screen, good cpu power and storage capacity. Battery is good also, I take it to class and use it throughout the day and come home with maybe 1.5 hours to spare.The included Asus smart gestures software make navigating windows 8 a breeze with the touchpad.I tried playing one videogame one it(Street Fighter 4 arcade edition) game ran at a smooth 60fps with character models on high and environment on low, if the environment is raised the game would stutter.All in all a good laptop for the price minor faults aside.
computer|Great laptop for the price and it run great with intel CORE i5 run. Windows 8 is something that take to get use to. But over i Happy with my what I bought
computer|Good laptop, no problems so far. Could use a bit more memory but is easily (and inexpensively) upgradable. I would recommend this to someone else looking for a mid-range laptop.
computer|I am pretty happy with my first entry-level ultrabook, which is lightweight and sleek. Windows 8 does not add any value to me except for the 2-second fast bootup time.
computer|I really don't like the laptop due to the setup. The DVD drive won't close all the way and the mouse pad is crazy. when you barely touch it, it switches screens. I would not buy this laptop or reccommend it to anyone
computer|Pros:Very pretty design at a good price. Core i5 is very nice, even the low power (uLV) version is very capable and runs flawlessly. would be perfect if it had 16GB of RAM and Bluetooth (some versions of the S56CA series have the Centrino card installed).Cons:I contacted Asus customer support and I was appalled at the fact that the customer representative blatantly lied to me about the RAM capacity. The warranty policy and computer design that make it impossible to upgrade the simple and removable components of a laptop are frustrating and ridiculous (Half PCIe card for WIFI/Bluetooth upgrade not accessible, not having all available RAM slots customer accessible, and not having the mSATA card accessible). When I asked the customer representative what I can do about this (expecting to have to send/take it to a service center, which while not preferable still makes it feasible) the representative told me "we don't allow users to upgrade any notebook parts except RAM and HDD" and essentially told me that they don't care. When I confronted the service representative about lying about the RAM (Intel directly states a maximum RAM capacity of 32GB and I know someone directly who is currently running 16GB in the same notebook) they gave me an attitude of not caring with "8GB has tested by asus and it is steable and safe". I do understand that there can be an issue with customers opening up and tampering with the BIOS or other items, but to make it impossible to upgrade common parts is absurd. I had an ASUS F9Dc notebook before this and it was wonderful, but after this pain and frustration I do not believe I will buy another ASUS.Other Thoughts:I am not a personal fan of Windows 8, it works and has some nice features added but is really meant for at least a touch screen but really seems to be meant for a tablet and "feels" a little clunky and awkward.
computer|when i saw this laptop i was super excited! it had everything i wanted: it is thin and sleek 15inch laptop.It really looks terrific. I love how fast the boot and resume is, and asus didn't load it up with much bloatware. HD camera is pretty good as well quality ismuch better than previous ASUS laptops i owned.When i opened the box the stickers where you rest your hands appeared like they were put by a five year old, allover the place!I was annoyed and i figured i shouldn't let this ruin how i feel about this great laptop.next thing i am chatting on skype: Sound is horrible. You hear crackling and feels like a from within a tin can.another thing i noticed is that the track-pad is misaligned! raised on the left and sunk on the other side.ASUS needs to do better job at inspecting merchandise before boxing it. Those issues are what i picked in half a day.I am not taking any chances Its going back first thing in the morning.
computer|I was in need of a new computer and stumbled upon your deal When compared to other prices, this was no question. It is performing above expections.
computer|pretty good computer but asus is not good at quality control, returned the defective order, the vendor was good though.
computer|I bought this laptop around Thanksgiving, 2012. The laptop works fine. However, the plastic strip that goes around the screen has started to come off from the right side. I tried to push it down to make it sit in the little sockets but it keeps coming off. I am going to call the support to find out what needs to be done to fix it. It is a disappointing experience.
computer|I recomended this baby, many thanks. Keep up promoting these wonderfull machine, I will purchese another one for my son
computer|Windows 8 takes some time and patience to get familiar with. Love the sleek look of this laptop; very light weight for its size. The finish is not glossy, yet still leaves finger prints; however, it's not a big hassle. Fits into a backpack; great for school. Performance is nothing that special: it's not slow nor lightning fast. Take about 3-5 seconds to recover from sleep mode. About 3 1/2 hrs of battery life. Love the 2 finger scrolling and hidden left and right click.Overall, great laptop. Yet, nothing special about it.
computer|I've had this laptop for a few weeks, it was on lighting deal for a good price one day, and my old HP laptop had just died, so I snapped it up. I own an ASUS Transformer Prime tablet, and I love it, so I felt good about buying another ASUS. The first laptop I was sent was supposed to be new, but had obviously been a previously used one. I buy from Amazon regularly, first time that's happened to me, I'll blame it on the holiday rush. The Amazon exchange/return process is easy if you've purchased directly from them, so it wasn't a problem to have another one shipped.For the price I really like the second, new laptop. I'll add that I did purchase an extra stick of ram, which another reviewer taught me how to find and purchase, and YouTube taught me how to install. I think this laptop starts up really, really quickly. I know a few people have complained about the screen, but I personally think the screen is nice and vivid, and the battery life is significantly better than my HP ever thought to be. I'm getting just under 4 hours of use, browsing the web, and using the Amazon cloud player. The laptop is nice and light, has an included DVD/CD drive, and I think the silver casing makes it look pretty sleek. I mainly use this at home, and take my tablet out and about, so I can't attest to its physical durability.I do have 2 main complaints, the first being the speaker is on the bottom of this laptop, so sound is pretty muffled if you have it on your lap listening to music directly from the speaker. Also, I am not a fan of windows 8. It seems like Windows 8 was built for touch screen computers, and tablets, and this laptop is not touch screen. It's so frustrating to find things that were so intuitive before, the scroll function is so sticky, and the jewel bar pops up constantly, urrggg! I just followed a tip from someone else and downloaded the classic shell program from CNet, I think it will help make it more user friendly, we'll see. If I had to do it over again, I would still want this same laptop...but with Windows 7.
computer|I bought this for my daughter who is a junior. She just loves it. It is fast, sleek looking and windows 8 works smoothly.
computer|My first reaction:I have only had this computer for a few hours now and I love it! It kinda resembles a Macbook Pro with it's aluminum casing and sleek design.Windows 8:Windows 8 has been an OS I have been reluctant to adopt on my desktop PC mainly because of the bad publicity. I had considered buying a laptop with Windows 7 but I chose Windows 8. I like it, a lot.The OS is smooth, fast, and responsive. Not to mention the lack of the Start button is not a complete and total loss considering the fact that it is now a Start Screen. All of your Apps or programs that matter to you can be listed on the Start Screen so they are easier to find. The tile feature on Windows 8 is pretty slick. Most of the tiles that have come with Windows 8 display information that you want to see at a glimpse. These can be the weather, Stock Market info, the news, or whatever App you download from the Windows Marketplace.The scrolling is amazing and fast and the trackpad makes great use of multi-gesture capabilities of Windows 8. Again I think they did kinda take the smooth scrolling idea from Apple but oh well.The learning curve is a challenge even if you have been using PCs for a long time, but it is worth it!What I am using this PC for:I am currently going to college for IT and we use virtual machines for our schoolwork. The 6GB of RAM that comes with this PC should be more than enough to run VMware or Oracle Box and run other OS's to work on my schoolwork. I am a gamer but this computer will not be used for that because of it's lack of a dedicated graphics card.Final impression:When I was researching a PC to buy I saw this one and looked for other users reviews online. A Youtube video had this same computer booting up at less than 30 seconds. When I tested my computers boot time it was right at 20 seconds. I love Windows 8 but I will not upgrade my Asus Desktop (currently running Windows 7) to Windows 8 anytime soon. Windows 7 is still a better OS for people who are afraid of Windows 8 and don't want that learning curve. For those of you who want something better and faster and like to try new things Windows 8 may be for you.Windows 8 coupled with this laptop is a winning combination!
computer|Nice, very light computer that has performed very well since bought, 45 days. I was surprised with the good construction quality, with a very solid feel even though it's thin.
computer|I got this PC to replace my outdated MacBook Pro because there was no way I could afford another Apple computer and this was such a great deal. Not only that but specs wise it wasn't at all bad. Plus my 3 year old computer gave me all the money I needed to subsidize this purchase through Gazelle.com. Upon receiving it I was pleasantly surprised at how fast it started up. Windows 8 took a little getting used to but on the whole it isn't that much different from any of the more recent versions of Windows. All the applications I've used in the past work fine. Then again it's mainly Google Chrome and iTunes so it really shouldn't be that much of a hardship for my computer. To sum up. I'm glad I got this computer. It didn't hurt my wallet all that much and I look forward to using this for the next 3 years or so.
computer|I love my new Asus laptop!! The speed at which it loads is fantastic! I however, am not liking Windows 8!!!! I went from Vista to 8 and it is definitely not user friendly!! Have used Windows 7 and found it very similar to Vista but not 8! I wished I had a choice when I ordered I would have chosen 7. Have had to research constantly where to find things!!!
computer|I was unfamiliar with Windows 8 and it took a while to catch on. PC World magazine saved my bacon by having a ton of articles about the usage. Remote printing and the ability to go back to the familiar screen of Windows 7 are the things that make me want to keep this little gem. Asus monitors are also on my wish list.
computer|Out of the box, this computer froze at least once every other day. Froze to the point where I had to hold down the power button for a hard shutdown. Just after the 30-day period, it crashed during power-on / startup. Took 20 minutes just to turn on the computer, and then would crash after being on a few hours. I tried refreshing the machine, I reformatted the HD, etc... I spent 2 days trying to fix it myself before finally calling ASUS tech support. According to ASUS warranty, I had to pay to ship my computer back to ASUS, which turned out to be $30 for priority mail with insurance. ASUS warranty center was extremely efficient, they replaced the SSD in one day and shipped it out same day. Start to finish, I got my computer back in 1 week. Since then, I haven't had any of the same problems. I am happy with ASUS warranty support, but I am unhappy I got a defective computer in the first place.Since I've gotten it back, it only freezes when I close the cover. I was able to fix that by changing the setting from "go to sleep" to "do nothing" when I closed the cover.
computer|Fantastic price and performance from an entry level Ultrabook. Windows 8 has taken some getting used to, but all in all, I've been VERY happy with the purchase.
computer|This is a nice laptop, but a little heavier than I anticipated. I bought for a friend, she is happy with it and Windows 8.
computer|I purchased this laptop about one month ago (wanted to try something new b/c I've only had Dells). So I &#34;ventured&#34; out and am glad that I did. I'm super excited and really love the ultrabook thinness and design! This was the main reason that I was drawn to this model. I am a casual laptop user and am not extremely tech-savvy, but here are my basic opinions:Pros: Lightweight; sleek, modern design. Starts up very quickly...I'd say within 2-3 seconds. Quiet keyboard..pretty satisfied with performance overall.Cons: No anti-glare on screen (minor for me); keyboard is sometimes a bit jumpy...dk if I'm just hitting the wrong key from typing too quickly? Windows 8 sucked at first, but I am getting used to it and have no difficulties so far.So far, so good...I hope that this laptop can last a couple of years. I'd recommend this for a casual user like myself.
computer|I like the product is good quality only the settings of the PC is different from other computer brand its euro set up not US setting
computer|Fantastic price and performance from an entry level Ultrabook. Windows 8 has taken some getting used to, but all in all, I've been VERY happy with the purchase.
computer|Negative points:The Mouse pad is ultra-sensitive. You can't type when it's on. On top of that, you can't turn it off manually. It's supposed to automatically disable when you use a mouse, but if your mouse driver isn't an 'Elan' driver it doesn't work. And I couldn't find a download. You have to go into BIOS to disable the pad. What were they thinking?I traveled with the mouse receiver plugged in. Somehow this caused the metal case to get dented around the USB port, and now it doesn't work.The left shift key seems to stick just a tad, so I'm constantly typing two capitals instead of one.The control, enter, back-slash, and backspace keys are big & easy to find, but the delete button is small and nothing special. I still have to look for it.Speakers are better than those of the rest of the laptops I've owned, but still not quite worth listening to.I wish it didn't take either two hands, or the mouse, to adjust the volume.Positive:It comes up super-fast, either booting or raising the lid. Seems to operate fairly fast and efficiently. I have yet to have an issue with running out of memory or sluggish performance.It has a fantastic display. Bright, vibrant colors, crisp contrast. The brightness is adjusted with a slide. Goes from really bright to very dim, and also has an off button.The fan is incredibly quiet. After owning HPs that's a good thing. It also runs very cool.Less than an inch thick. Relatively light weight. Nice design.-------------------------I'm not really a big fan of Windows Eight, but that's not the machine's fault. Why? There's a big emphasis on networking, the cloud, et al. They keep driving home that in order to take advantage off all Window 8's features you have to be logged in. Remember when everyone loved the web because you were relatively anonymous? Now we're all supposed to embrace transparency and stand naked before the entire internet community. Tweet your friends every time look out the window. Set your phone so all your friends know exactly where you are every second of the day. Privacy is out of style. Call me old fashioned, but I don't like it.
computer|I purchased this laptop to replace the HP that I got in 2007. This laptop was exactly what I was looking for, and since its an Ultrabook, it is really thin, and looks very nice. The battery life isn't outstanding, but it's a small 4 cell battery, which does really add to the aesthetics of this laptop. I loved everything about it, except the CD drive stuck out a bit from the rest of the laptop, and after opening it a few times, the silver paint on it has worn down, and it doesn't look as good anymore.So fast forward to 3 months after purchase. I turn it on, and the power button lights up, but nothing on the screen at all. Nothing to an external monitor either. So I frantically call up ASUS, and within 15 minutes they have me boxing it up to send it in. They do pay for the shipping to get it to them, just make sure it's packed good because they aren't responsible for damage during shipping. That was a week ago, and the tracking says it's there, but haven't heard anything yet. They told me they weren't responsibly for lost files during repair and that I should back all my files up...well that's kind of hard to do when it doesn't even turn on properly and can't be used. It was only 3 months old so I didn't have a whole lot of stuff on there, but none the less I'm not planning on my files still being on it when I get it back. One of the reasons I bought this ASUS Ultrabook was because of the warranty, especially the ADP full coverage, as well as the fact I'm using a ASUS motherboard on the computer I built and it's been running great for 4 years.Hopefully it's a motherboard issue, and they won't have to mess with my hard drive, I think it is because I couldn't get it to boot into the BIOS or anything. Well we shall see, I will update this review once I found out the diagnosis, but for the time being I'm back using my 2007 HP DV6000.
computer|Bought this for my granddaughter to replace an ancient netbook she had. She loves it, has done a lot of homework on it and it should be great to use. She's a rising senior in high school, so could use a faster, more reliable system than her ancient netbook!
computer|....but it went belly up, three hours out of the box!! I had been shopping for a new laptop to replace my five year old Compaq that has served me well, but was starting to show its age. Found this em on a daily deal from Amazon and I pounced on it, even though I didn't really want a Windows 8 OS system. Anyway, figured I'd get use to it once I played with it for a while. Didn't really get a chance to test out the product, though. After plugging it up and going through a few prelims, the screen went blank and would not return. So I powered it down manually and turned it back on. It went into the boot menu (as expected) and would not go any further. Then I noticed an intermittent &#34;clicking&#34; noise coming from inside the laptop, not good. I called ASUS tech support first and they tried but were unsuccessful in resolving the issue over the phone. The &#34;clicking&#34; noise was so noticeable that the tech rep could hear it over the phone and agreed that was not normal. Anyway, ASUS suggested I either send it to them directly for repair or return it to the retailer for an exchange. I choose the latter because I know that Amazon would make the process fairly painless. And they did. I have a replacement coming in two days. We'll see how that goes. I have to say, I really like the look and feel of the laptop. It's thin and lightweight but not cheap looking. I was pleasantly surprised at how sleek and modern it look. I thought it was going to be white in color, but it was a very cool brushed aluminum with a black cover. The keys were very responsive as well. I hope the replacement works out better. Looking forward to owning this thing. If not, then I won't bother with ASUS products again. I'll just send it back for a refund and try another manufacturer. Looks and specs mean nothing if the reliability is suspect!!
computer|...but right now, as a casual computer-using senior, I'm just realizing that my exclusive use of a 7 year old computer and my iPhone over the past several years has not prepared me to navigate the improvements. I love the 2-finger scrolling, but things keep appearing & disappearing on my screen. Can't the casual user order an accompanying easy-to-use direction guide?
computer|The ASUS S56CA-WH31 delivers strong performance, a speedy boot time and good sound inside a slim and solid design. We just wish this system lasted longer on a charge and that the keyboard had a little more spring in its step. If you want to dip your toes into the Windows 8 pool --and you don't need touch -- then the S56CA-WH31 should serve you well for years to come.The Asus S56CA-WH31 is another new 15-inch Windows 8 Ultrabook that has an attractive aluminum design and a speedy Intel Core i3 CPU to back up its looks. Thanks to a 24GB SSD HD, it boots up quickly but the keyboard and battery life need some work.It does have Bluetooth and it works well. However it does not have a mini-display port it does have VGA and HDMI though.BUY BUY BUY BUY BUYGreat Buy Because of Price and Speed and Ports
computer|This computer seems nice, and is very fast. My only disappointment is that it says ultrabook when you order it but is a notebook. My husband is happy with it so far. Windows 8 is nice, just takes getting used to.
computer|Beautiful ultrabook for the price 450 (mail in rebate and cyber monday deal)I like it so much but exhaust fan is too loud.I hope it is only my laptop that does that.I am thinking to send it to Asus for replacement.I realy dont want to return. BEcause I can not get another laptop 15 inch, thin had dvd drive.there isn't any other ultrabook for this price.I wanted to buy Samsung Series 9 but, those things like $1500.00I am wondering if anyone has the same loud exhaust fan and hard disk makes noise when writing data.
computer|This is a very well crafted piece of hardware. The hybrid drive makes for incredible boot up time. The fit and finish were as good as any HP, Thinkpad or Dell I have ever used. (I have purchased and configured thousands over time) I found Windows 8 to be nothing more than an irritation. Having worked most of my professional career getting paid to support and configure windows, I felt this was a slap in the face from Microsoft. Rather than build a good touch screen OS, they choose to soil the leading desktop OS with this POS interface. I returned the unit and ordered another ASUS with Windows 7. Unfortunately I could not get the hybrid drive model, but I can upgrade it myself.
computer|I gave this machine to my husband as a gift...there was a little problem with DVD drive. So easy, we notified amazon, they packed up a new machine and had it in the mail before we could even get to the post office to mail the defective machine back. In addition, it much easier to find what you want, compare features and actually purchase at Amazon than any store you could possibly visit in person (and besides you don't have to change out of your slippers to go shopping) !!!
computer|PC is nice OS is a drag, very slow and the win 8 &#34;metro&#34; u/i is silly, PC itself is nice, i may end sending it back and order a win 7 version. I could not believe the amount of information i had to input just to get windows to work.. far too intrusive for me, MS got that portion of the apple recipe down, what ever you want to D/L &#34; takes you to the MS store&#34;Not happy at all.. win 7 is fine
computer|I bought two, one for me, one for my adult son. Both of us hate it. His issues seem to be related to Windows 8, another awful product, although when he first started using it, he couldn't get it to shut down...ever. My issues are around crashing, freezing while online, icons disappearing. ASUS Tech Support 'helped' me yesterday by resetting my machine, and causing everything I had on the computer to be lost (though they said this would not happen). I feel like I bought two lemons.
computer|My sweet husband just ordered this for me through Amazon and I've had it a few days. I have to say it's really not usable. Maybe if I HAD to have a computer right away and it was the only one around, but I can't see how someone would choose this model for full-time use. Sure, it's beautiful and sleek and shiny. The gorgeous brushed aluminum doesn't show fingerprints. The keyboard is easy to clean.The good ends there. I'm ready to throw this thing through the window.To begin, this laptop dims when on battery. It stays that way all of the time, even when you're not using the power-save mode, even when you're working on it, even when it's at 100% power, even when you have it set to its highest performance setting. Normally, this wouldn't be a problem, but I'm a graphic designer so that just cuts out all usability of my machine right there. At least unless it's plugged in which means I can't take it anywhere with me if there's no outlet.Secondly, this touch pad is the worst. It's not very sensitive and I have a very difficult time double-clicking. It's near impossible to highlight anything because you can't press a button and use the touch pad at the same time. The mouse buttons on the touch pad are connected to the touch pad itself, so when you press one (and you have to press HARD), it warps the entire touch pad, moving your cursor away from where you had it on the screen. This is also super irritating when you're trying to click a link. If you use the button to click the link, it often moves the cursor away from the link you're trying to click which is infuriating. Double-clicking with the touch pad doesn't seem to work very often because the sensitivity is so low, so I end up having to double-click about ten times before it takes. I can't use the button to double-click because it's so hard to push it, I can't seem to push it twice fast enough unless I'm really dedicated to it and frankly, no one is paying that much attention when working or surfing the web.I also have a lot of trouble with the touch pad seizing up. Every few minutes, it stops working. When it is working, it just loves pulling up random windows and things from all over the place. This is what happens when you put too many functions on a touch pad. It gets confused by things you didn't intend. If you accidentally brush it with another finger or your palm, it goes haywire and you have to close windows and programs.The scroll seemed nice at first but now it's just irritating. If you try to scroll up or down, the scrolling doesn't stop when your hand does. It just sort of slows down its momentum and comes to a natural stop like a toy car that has been pushed across the floor. This means you have to stop moving your hand, then grab it and pull it back up or down the other direction to get it to stop. The result is infuriating when you're page is going too far up or down and you're trying to hone in on a specific section of the page.Oh, and if you venture anywhere near the right side of your screen, you'll pull up the settings and devices menu. "Oh, I see you're trying to click a link! Does that mean you'd like to change your devices? No? How about your computer's setting? No? Okay, well, I'll just pause for a few seconds and not let you use your touch pad at all until I'm sure. Hm...okay, so you're sure? Fine. Here. Have your cursor back. I'll wait...okay, it's been ten whole seconds! I'm sure you're ready to change your settings now! No? *sigh* Fine. I'll wait ten more seconds. Okay, now? Now? NOW NOW NOW? How about changing those settings now? I REALLY THINK YOU NEED TO CHANGE YOUR SETTINGS NOW!!!"I mean, what kind of moron thought it would be so important to someone to change their setup or search their computer so often that they had to make a quick application for it that's activated simply by brushing the right-hand side of the touch pad? Who really changes their devices and settings every few minutes? I'm tired of seeing this stupid menu pop up on my screen literally every five minutes. If there's an option to turn this off, I can't seem to find it.Add to all of this the fact that this machine is slower than the $70 busted-up laptop my father bought for me used in 1998 to take to college with me. It takes forever to open menus, run programs and browse my files. I can't believe there is a computer this slow on the market. It's like living in dial-up days again.I also cannot use the computer one-handed which is a huge problem for me because I nurse a baby. I need to be able to use the function keys but they are too far from the function button to do it with one hand. The page up/page down keys are located at the top of the keyboard, so you can't rest your hand while using them which gets tiring for your hand very fast. I can't type at all because I can't turn off the touch pad one-handed so if my hand or sleeve brushes it or even, it would seem, if the computer completely imagines that I have touched it, windows and programs begin popping open, links are selected, typed text is lost and I'm ready to scream.Also, don't believe that this battery lasts 5 hours. I can get 2 hours TOPS out of it if I don't use it for anything but reading.And apparently, ASUS still hasn't gotten the memo that putting the drive ports on the sides in the front puts them entirely in the way when you are trying to use a mouse or tablet.I'll be returning it right away for a refund and getting something - anything - else. This machine is a train wreck.
computer|works good, it does meet my needs for computing various activities. Win 8 does take some getting used to though.
computer|I did my homework. I waited. I watched. I finally sprung on this laptop, and got punked. I received the 1st laptop promptly with standard free shipping - Perfect. Wasn't satisfied with laptop, and Amazon shipped out a 2nd laptop within 2 days! I am so disappointed this laptop doesn't work. It's obviously a hardware/software conflict with this Asus and Windows 8. Both laptops I received, I made sure they were up to date using the Asus update software, as well as Windows update manager. TOOK FOREVER to update right out of the box, CLASSIC MICROSOFT! This really has me thinking if I want my hard earned dollars to serve as another guinea pig for Microsoft, until they release Service Pack 9.1st Laptop:1.Had issues installing Office 2010 - Got to the point of entering product key and it would not let me enter anything in the appropriate field. Ran install again, same thing. Got super pissed, walked away. 5mins later, entered key fine?!?!2.Gestures on touch pad would just stop working randomly, and/or have a 10-15 second delay. I CLEARLY saw an update take place from Asus for the touch pad.3.Internet Explorer would randomly freeze/crash. I would then go to switch windows, it would start to move, then that app would freeze. I then would try to open task manager, and that would freeze, and the laptop would be rendered useless for 5-10mins. Then it would just unfreeze, and start working again.4.Decided it was time to return. Went to re-image the laptop to remove any personal info. 2.5HRS later, I had to leave, and it was only at approx 70% done?!?!? I don't know how long it eventually took.2nd Laptop:1.Right off the bat, my wife points out an issue with a key on the keyboard that just wasnt sitting flush. It still worked, just sunk in on one side.2.Exact same problems, maybe even more frequent than before. I did nothing to the laptop other than check for updates. I never installed a single program on it.3.I called Asus to see what I was missing. No way was I the only person, right!?!? 2 Bad laptops in a row? Tech support suggested I re-image the laptop. I explained that this was the 2nd laptop to have the same problems, and that it took forever to re image the 1st one. The only way I'm going to re image this thing within the 1st week, is to return it again. I stated it was very sad that this laptop wasn't able to run something as necessary as IE. It really got under my skin, that he suggested that I try to use Firefox. I normally do use Firefox, but just ignoring something that is broke isn't an option for me. I then said that I believe the problem is compatibility with this model and Windows 8. He said that would be up to Microsoft to downgrade me, and they would not be able to offer any support for this model and Windows 7.Thank you for the great customer support Amazon.
computer|This will be the first of 2 entries. Bought this for my daughter for Christmas. She opened it up, was soooo excited. After 1/2 hr of using it we got &#34;Preparing Auto Repair&#34; screen where it sat for the next 3 hours doing whatever. Finally after about 4 hours we got a screen that asked if we wanted to reset, I figured sure, there's nothing on this computer anyway. That's when it asked for Win Installation or recovery media to continue. Um.... recovery media is partitioned into the hard drive.... Needless to say, we're returning it. We should have a new one this week and will keep you posted!
computer|like the SD drive and 500 gig for $500However when i got this product...The SD never worked. Does not even show upPartitioned HD with acces and use of only 180GigWindows installed on the so called 500 gig HD so the advantage of SD is gone.Windows 8 installed which sucks bigtime. ( maybe i need to get used to it??)Delivery was speedy and swift.Unfortunately i am not able to return it as i am out of the USA for the coming monthsConclusion....I like the price and just ordered a new one. call me crazy but i wanted to give Asus a last chance. Hope this works out. Gave 2 stars just for the looks, weight and price.Pros:Nice lookcheapsteardygood screenlightweightreasonable batteryCons:No SD functioningNot 500Gig available but 180Gig functioningwindows 8bloatwareBad service outside of USA. even with 1 year guarantee.Bad deal???Up to now very disappointed, but will give an update when i get the new one i just ordered.Hope i havent wasted 2x $500!!
computer|The first one I bought had a problem with the SSD drive, it was transferring at 70MB/s it is supposed to be approx 450MB/sec. I returned it and got another one, this time the SSD worked perfectly 500MB/sec transfer rate. The problem this time was that the hard drive was clicking, within 30 mins it restarted and would no longer boot. Complete garbage, If you buy this computer make sure you benchmark all systems and give it an extreme stress test before the return policy expires.P.S. don't forget to uninstall windows 8 ASAP
computer|For about the same amount of money you can take your existing Windows 7 laptop and make it a far superior machine than this. I have a Dell Inspirton N7010 laptop running Windows 7 Ultimate. I was considering a new laptop but the only thing I didn't like about my dell was the 17" screen and the speed of the computer which was a direct result of a traditional hard drive and only 4 GB of RAM. Instead I just bought and installed a Crucial m4 512GB 2.5-Inch Solid State Drive SATA 6Gb/s with Data Transfer Kit CT512M4SSD2CCA so now my Solid State Drive is as large as my original hard drive, TWO Kingston Technology 4 GB (1x4 GB Module) 1333MHz DDR3 PC3-10600 204-Pin SODIMM Memory for Select Dell Notebooks KTD-L3B/4G so I've doubled my RAM. The I screen I had with the Dell was already a beautiful 1080P HD screen so keeping the larger size laptop was a small price to pay to save so much money and get essentially a new computer that would have cost aver $2,000 if it were duplicated from the manufacturer. the new two 4 GB dimms replaced the two 2 GB memory dimms that were factory installed. This doubled my Memory from 4 GB to 8 GB. The solid state drive held as much as the original hard drive so when I did the data transfer, which is really easy to do, it copies your entire hard drive onto the SSD, Operating System, all software, and files, etc. that were on the original HD. Essentially it "cloned" my internal hard drive.Doing the data transfer is easy breezy and installation of both the memory and the SSD is super easy too. The only thing is to do things in the right order. Do the data transfer (cloning) first, then remove the old HD and RAM and install the new. You'll have a new screamer.For kicks and giggles I added a WD My Passport 2TB Portable External Hard Drive Storage USB 3.0 Black and backed up my entire new SSD to it. Another nice and inexpensive item was the Case Logic QHDC-101 Portable EVA Hard Drive Case - Black which houses the WD external hard drive beautifully and safely.I'm a fan of Windows 7. It's not that I've heard bad things about Windows 8 it's that I've heard bad things about most of the hardware used for Windows 8. A touch screen is desirable as it's not easily navigated with a mouse or track pad and reading many reviews on cnet.com about the new touch screen laptops makes me want to stay away from this new OS until the hardware manufacturers have gotten their act together and made good, reliable, touch screens to accompany the new MS OS. Also, I've used Windows 7 for years and find it to be stable and reliable. Windows 8 still need to be put to the test...remember Windows Vista? Most people who had it would like to forget it.Consider upgrading. I've never done it before. It's alot easier than you think and look at what I got for my money. A 512 GB SSD and 8 GB of RAM. I was already running with an i5 processor which meets and exceeds all my personal needs.
computer|I've had Dell Computers & Apples before & this computer is the very worst that you can imagine. Part of my problem is the monopoly , Microsoft which designed the operating system, Windows 8 to be much less easy to use. Because American's have to put up with no competition most of us will be stuck with Microsoft's many mistakes in 8. The system instead of becoming more simple is getting more & more cluttered with silly little gimmicks which in the USA has taken the place for real brains. This system is also terribly unreliable & actually makes decisions on its very own. I was extremely frustrated with Microsoft's 8's system. In my opinion it never should have written & is a setback in computer technology. This system missed the mark by a football field. Its that bad. Now for this computer itself. The screen is just fair. The words & letters on the screen constantly change NO MATTER WHAT ITS SET AT. Sometimes the writing is large & sometimes its very small. The operator does nothing to make these changes occur. I push the Google button & somehow MSN comes up,lol. ITS A VERY UNRELIABLE COMPUTER which I wish I had never bought or even seen. If you want endless frustration & error no matter how fast it is buy this piece of junk. RMR
computer|Purchased for great price on one of Amazon's hourly deals. I love the laptop, I can not begin to describe how much I hate Windows 8. Guys that invented the charm bar should be shot. It takes 30+ seconds to activate. Nothing looks even close to Windows 7 or XP. Bought Thinx software to get a feel of Windows 7, but that is not enough. Unless you are ready to completely relearn how to use an operating system forget Windows 8.ASUS makes the same machine with Windows 7, but of course Amazon will not make that swap. This one was probably on special for $429 because I am not the only one sharing these sentiments about Windows 8. It appears Windows 7 on this hardware is about $250-300 more cash.Thanks for nothing, Amazon, but a pain in the you know where.
computer|I chose a rating of one because the programs are AWFUL! There is no word processing program on here. Win 8 is not user friendly. The whole point of my purchasing a new laptop was for word processing. ASUS does not have a contract with Microsoft for the user to get Microsoft Starter; instead, you must pay an additional $200 to purchase and activate a key code. If you are needing this for actual work, such as research papers and power point presentation, it is not worth the cost. If you want to do online gaming and social media, it will fit your needs. Absolutely not recommended for those in the world of academia. $700+ wasted.
computer|Pros:Start-up is extremely fast with Instant On. 2-3 seconds.A very modern-looking pc.Affordable for those who cannot splurge on a more high-end ultrabook.Cons:CPU is i3, and not a more advanced version.HDD is less than 444 GB! NOT 500 GB as described.Poor viewing angle- unless you look at the screen face-on, the graphics aren't displayed right. This is problematic when watching videos.POOR Graphics! HQ videos don't show up clearly, even though this is only a 15.6" screen. In fact, it's laughable that they are clearer on my 17" Toshiba Satellite laptop!There are many restrictions as to what you can do. For ex, you can't save new programs where you want to save them (new programs under Program files). I keep getting error messages such as "contact the administrator for permission." I AM the administrator!Windows Media player does not play DVDs on this computer. ASUS DVD, which is installed, delivers poor resolution playback. The pc won't let you download a different version of WMP to fix the problem. So you have to get something like VLC player.Windows 8 is the newest thing, and while it's important to stay up-to-date, it really takes some getting used to. Read the manual that comes with the pc. It is very helpful!Conclusion:I have only owned this pc for a few days, and have discovered many problems with it. If you want a basic computer, you'll prbly be okay with it, but there ARE a lot of caveats. Definitely not for a gamer (I'm not one).Okay, I hope that this review helps those of you considering the purchase of their first ultrabook. Happy shopping!
computer|It is one of the budget ultrabook for performance and mobility.But it is does not have Bluetooth device.And have a minimalistic Windows 8.
computer|Overall, this is a decent to good Ultrabook, providing fantastic value at the price point the i3 version is being offered for ($500 at time of purchase). I'd rate it at 3.5 stars. It's a handsome looking notebook and I bought this to replace a tiny netbook my wife had been using; the price of this Ultrabook is only a couple hundred more than a difficult to use small, brand new netbook, while having good functionality (good luck typing on a fancy, more expensive tablet, or sub 11" notebook), more processing grunt than tablets and most netbooks, all within a slim, relatively lightweight profile that is suitable for travel.There are a lot of pros and cons to this ultrabook, but some of are non issues to casual users, while others make this ultrabook better suited to advanced users (or advanced users who set it up for a casual user).OUT OF THE BOX:The quality and appearance is great. The aluminum body and top lid are very sleek looking. The darker brushed aluminum on the top does tend to discolor and pick up fingerprints with ease. It's not terribly heavy and while the base is very sturdily built, the screen lid feels a bit flimsy. The top lid appears to be a combination of flimsier plastic, with a very thin brushed aluminum overlay. Lightly pressing on parts of the lid causes the LCD screen to have fluctuations. Despite the notebook being light, you'll want to resist picking up the notebook by the lid/screen, as it may risk damaging the LCD.LCD QUALITY:The glossy screen is clear, but has very poor viewing angles. 1366 x 768 resolution is merely adequate. Minor backlight bleeding on right and left edges. Colors are bright, vibrant, with a lot of contrast, but actual gamut (range of natural colors it can reproduce) is only average. This isn't a graphics workstation replacement nor intended for photographers/graphic artists who will be using this notebook for producing color perfect prints, so it's mostly a non issue.TOUCHPAD:The large touchpad seems to have fairly high dpi sensitivity, which is a very good thing. Swiping and navigating with the touchpad is fairly smooth, although I did experience an occasional stutters. Two and Three finger multitouch work as advertised. There is an easy to understand short manual showing users how to take advantage of the touchpad features. One of the nicer ones is to swipe in from the right edge to bring up the Windows 8 "Charms" bar.KEYBOARD:I'm a big fan of island style keyboards and having a full numpad. Keyboard feels very good to use and will have no problems for users who need to do a lot of typing and numerical input with it.SPEAKERS:The speakers are pretty unique and are actually integrated into the laptop's battery and produce a fantastic range of sound for a laptop. Among the best I've heard. UPDATE: Apparently, they're in the laptop. The battery has a faux speaker cover looking applique.CPU+GRAPHICS:The i3 provides a nice balance between power consumption and speed. The i3 is not slow by any means and the Intel integrated graphics aren't either. While you won't be able to play the newest games on high settings on this, many games are completely playable at low-mid settings. 1080p videos play flawlessly (when output to a higher resolution screen). The Intel integrated graphics share graphics memory with the computer-- if you add another 4GB of RAM (~$25), you can, through the BIOS settings, increase total graphics memory allocation to 512MB. I was able to play Shogun 2: Total War on decent quality settings after a small memory upgrade. The graphics power is around that of the Nvidia GT 610M or GT 630M (with max 512mb memory allocation).HARD DRIVE:This ultrabook has an integrated 24GB mSATA SSD (short type) on the motherboard and a 500GB 5400 rpm secondary hard drive, where both operate in tandem as a hybrid HDD (via Intel IRST). This provides relatively quick boot up and loading of most programs, but the 5400rpm hard drive a big crutch and despite any marketing, these 5400rpm drives are always a crutch and I've had a bit of slowdown on this notebook solely due to the 5400rpm drive. I swapped it out for an SSD, but it was a lot of work, which I'll get into later. This Ultrabook operates much faster and more reliably with an SSD in place of the 5400rpm mechanical drive.INTEGRATED PERIPHERALS:A nice amount of ports, USB 2.0 and 3.0 work at advertised speeds, HDMI and VGA out is nice, although I do wish it had an eSATA port. The camera is not very good and produced a very grainy picture. It's a typical low end webcam. Bluetooth, which was included in my model, has adequate range. I am surprised that a DVD drive can fit in this form factor, squeezing one in might have resulted in some QC issues with mine-- the eject DVD button works strangely, requiring a abnormally hard button press to get the DVD tray to eject. The DVD drive motor is also incredibly loud. DC Power jack seems pretty reinforced and feels like it won't be the first thing to go, as opposed to some of the other laptops I've owned.BATTERY:I get close to 5 hours with regular use which is more than adequate, considering how slim the battery is. Not as high as other ultrabooks, but this ultrabook is also less expensive.BLOATWARE:Not too heavy on bloatware, as compared with other manufacturers. Only had about 6 unnecessary programs to remove, albeit some of the Asus apps may be useful for the casual user (as they can provide easy file swapping options for connecting smartphones, working with the webcam, and setting up power options).ADVANCED USERS/UPGRADES:RAM is pretty easy to add another 4 GB. I also do like that it is just one single panel to remove (2 screws) to access both the HDD and the extra RAM slot. If you want to remove both sticks, you will need to remove the entire bottom cover/enclosure (about 16 screws). The BIOS is very lacking in options, which is unusual for Asus. There are no options to remove the Asus boot logo, nor are there options to select which boot device to use. It doesn't appear that this ultrabook allows booting from a USB thumbdrive, as I tried several bootable thumbdrives when I was trying a clean install, each time met with failure. It does allow booting from DVD, but I would feel better knowing I could boot from USB in case of DVD drive failure. Additionally, regarding the BIOS, this uses Secure Boot and an SLIC BIOS, which for the layman, automatically loads licensing data and prevents "unsigned" bootable DVDs and thumbdrives from loading/booting. This is why the laptop has no Windows License sticker. This was a big issue for me as I tried doing a clean install of Windows 8 Pro, but the SLIC BIOS automatically kept loading up the manufacturer keys for Win 8 Standard OEM during install, preventing me from using my own Windows 8 license. I was ultimately able to do a clean install Win 8 Pro, but it required some very hacky methods and backwards logic that I'll detail in the comments.Replacing the slow 500GB HDD with an SSD and installing an OS on it is a little tricky due to the integrated onboard mSATA SSD. If you're doing a clean install you'll have to reinitialize the mSATA SSD to restore the Intel IRST functions (Fast Boot, Fast Resume, Instant On, etc). You can also liberate and get full use of the onboard 24GB mSATA SSD as a conventional drive, alongside your own drive by deleting the GPT partitions and creating new volumes...but I recommend making a backup of all factory partitions+data from the 24GB mSATA SSD so you can return the laptop to factory settings, if necessary. The 24GB mSATA SSD is removeable, but it uses a short card; the longer, larger capacity standard size mSATA SSD cards, while they will fit, have no screw standoff to secure it. I'll be adding a laptop screw standoff so I can swap the 24GB integrated mSATA SSD with a 128GB mSATA SSD. Or you can completely remove the mSATA SSD and just have a single drive notebook. The wireless network card can be removed, but there may be a hardware lock that prevents other wireless network cards from working on the motherboard. For now, I'm happy with the Atheros card that's in there, as it's compatible with some penetration testing software I have. There's a limited amount of tinkering that can be done on this Ultrabook, and I do feel some is necessary to get the most out of this notebook (replace HDD with SSD).Despite some of its flaws, the underlying common denominator that makes this worthy of a purchase is it's price. You get a lot of Ultrabook for not too much money. With some tweaks, such as replacing the HDD, and maybe reintigrating the Start button via the $4.99 Stardock Start 8 program, it can be a great Ultrabook for casual and advanced users alike.
computer|I purchased this computer (S56CA-WH31) for my son to use at college, and have been configuring it for him for the past couple of days. Here are a few of my impressions so far:The overall construction is very good except for one issue - the DVD tray extends out from the side of the laptop by about 1 mm. One on-line reviewer noticed that the fit of the DVD tray was off in his review model also, but I am surprised that this got through into the production models. It is not a big issue, but it definitely detracts from the look of the aluminum body.The screen is bright and clear and has good viewing angles. The keyboard is nice and big and works well with my hunt and peck. The large scroll pad is nice, and I am liking the imbedded buttons more than I thought I would.The operating system is Windows 8 core (not pro). There is an ASUS-branded software DVD player, so I didn't have to upgrade to pro to get the windows media pack for DVD play as I feared I might have to. There is no utility to create recovery DVD's even though the paper manual refers to one called AI recovery. There is a Bluetooth module, so the "reviewer" who says that there isn't one is wrong.The 500 GB hard drive is partitioned into a number of system and recovery partitions and a C: system partition of about 186 GB along with a D: data "drive" of about 258 GB. I used the Windows 8 disk manager to first remove the D: partition, expand the system "drive" to around 400 GB, and then used the rest of the space for a 39 GB D: drive just in case the recovery software expects to find the D: drive there.I installed Start8 from Stardock to get a start menu back on the desktop, and have ordered a 4GB SODIMM to expand the memory up to 8 GB ($25) - I figured more memory would be useful especially with the imbedded HD-4000 graphics.I don't know what the reviewer who was complaining that this was a "slow" computer was talking about. It has a windows experience score of 4.8, which is not bad for an I-3 without turbo-boost and with imbedded graphics. It won't play highly graphics intensive games, but that's not what I bought it for, not should you expect it from the online specs.Hope this is good enough for an initial review.
computer|*UPDATE AFTER SSD PURCHASE*Upgrading the internal HDD to a 240GB SSD has fixed all of the problems I mentioned in my previous update. The computer now runs incredibly fast.I will add, however, that trying to reinstall Windows 8 with the same product key was impossible except by using an unmodified x64 iso of Windows 8. For some reason, I could not download the iso from Microsoft and had to find it elsewhere. After finally getting the proper iso, the reinstall was a breeze, and the OEM product key was entered in automatically (make sure you have secure boot enabled). I also formatted the internal 24GB SSD and now use it to store my internet browser's cache to extend the life of my 2.5" SSD. Not having the Intel Rapid Start or Asus Instant On features has not created any noticeable affect on performance or resume speeds.*UPDATE AFTER 2 WEEKS OF USE*Do NOT buy this laptop if you don't intend to upgrade the internal Hard Drive to an SSD. The performance of the internal HDD bottlenecks the entire computer. I cannot listen to a 320kbps mp3 while browsing the internet without it skipping/stuttering, and I cannot listen to a FLAC file doing nothing else without it skipping. I also cannot watch an SD .avi file without it skipping/stuttering at least 10 times during a 40 minute TV show, and I cannot play Worms: Reloaded (a very simple game that this computer should be able to handle) without it locking up for a second or two EVERY 3 SECONDS. Either the internal HDD is EXTREMELY slow (my guess because my RAM and CPU usage are always well below 100%, and it's not just video but also audio that skips) or my unit is defective in some other way. The HDD indicator light is pretty much constantly on when I try to do any of the previously mentioned tasks as well. I will be ordering a 240GB SSD within the next month to see if that fixes the problem. Otherwise I will be sending the unit in to Asus. If you need a working laptop for under $500, don't get this. I'm going to be spending at least $200 on this laptop within the next few months (SSD and 8GB more RAM).If the SSD upgrade fixes the problems, I would rate this at 4 stars again, but these issues bring it down to 2 for now.----------------ORIGINAL REVIEW:This is a review for the Core i3 with 4GB of RAM.PROS:-Great keyboard w/ numpad, touchpad, and overall build quality with ample ports.-Large, glossy screen and great audio quality on built in speakers.-Snappy performance with Windows 8 on the internal SSD-Laptop stays cool under load.-Instant On resumes the OS very quickly.-Latest 22nm version of the Intel CPU/GPU chipset (a lot of Ultrabooks in this price range are using the older 32nm architecture)-ASUS Gesture makes Windows 8 a breeze on a non-touchscreen device.CONS:-Battery life is a bit lacking with the 4-cell battery (around 5 hours) BUT it also charges insanely fast (faster than my cell phone)-LCD quality could be better; although it is perfectly adequate for a student or casual user. The viewing angles are limited and the color range is not the greatest. Tweaking the graphics settings helps quite a bit, but if the screen quality is the most important thing in a laptop to you, you probably won't be happy.-The back is a fingerprint magnet, but that's nothing a little Windex can't help.-DVD drive sticks out a NEGLIGENT amount on the backside. It's less than 1mm for me, and the front is flush. I've seen people complaining about it, but don't see it as being a huge deal.-The speakers are on the bottom, so when the laptop is sitting on a bed, sound is a bit muffled but still loud enough.-Grainy webcamAs a student, this laptop suits me very well. It's got enough battery life to make it through a day of classes without charging, and it's extremely light due to the stylish and thin aluminum design. Sound quality is great, and the display is adequate for mobile use (I'll do my Photoshopping at home on my desktop though). The processor is very fast as well. I've always been an AMD user except for an eeePC that had an Intel Atom. I'm very happy with the speeds of the i3; in comparison to my desktop's Phenom II X3 2.8Ghz the i3 transcoded an album from FLAC to V0 in 160% of the time it took the Phenom. Not bad at all. I've yet to do any gaming yet on this laptop, but I have a feeling with a total 6-8GB of RAM the Ultrabook would have no problem playing many recent games on low-medium settings. As far as video, the HD 4000 graphics provide a perfect HD media streaming experience. The webcam, however, is mediocre at best with a grainy, but decently high resolution image.As far as future modifications, I intend to purchase a 128GB SSD to replace the internal HDD as well as pick up another 4GB of RAM. A freshly booted system configured to my liking (Rocketdock & Rainmeter) uses 66% of the internal 4GB due to the onboard GPU. I also would consider buying a larger battery if offered and if it's the same dimensions as the stock one. These are all things that are unnecessary due to the incredible price of this Ultrabook ($439.99 after rebate for me), but they will unlock this device's full potential.In the end, I am very happy with my purchase; although I could have gotten a more expensive Ultrabook with more power, this packs a great punch for the price. It will be more than adequate for my internet browsing, mobile music production, word processing, media streaming, and casual gaming. Plus it makes a great fashion statement because it looks even sexier than a Mac ;)
computer|I wanted a laptop that's attractive, reliable, at least i3 processor and under $500. Amazon had a gold box deal on the Dell 15N and, while it met my minimum qualifications, it was somewhat of a dud. The thick plastic body and the cheap feel of the keyboard was disappointing but I would have kept it for just over $300 I paid if it weren't for the wi-fi connection issues. I returned to Amazon and was credited fully right away. Personally I feel that there's no better retailer than Amazon right now.As soon as I got my credit for the Dell return, this laptop goes on gold box deal. Talk about good fortune. This laptop that qualifies as an ultrabook (barely) is easily 5 stars for the price I paid. Not many people can say that they paid just over $400 for an ultrabook.Performance is commendable. Even though I'm a casual user and don't do much that is graphics or processor intensive, I have yet to see any slowness of my applications and, with the hybrid HD setup, is the fastest booting computer I ever owned.Reliability is top notch. Not a single hiccup detected at nearly a month's use. You also get the Asus warranty including accidental drop/spill damage protection.Full of features including Bluetooth, HDMI out, USB 3.0 and an optical drive that not all ultrabooks have. Drive tray does stick out by a sliver when closed and isn't completely flush as some other reviewers noted but I wouldn't even have noticed if I hadn't read that on others' posts.Sounds great. Best sounding laptop I ever owned. The speakers are down firing so having this on a flat surface is best for listening.Excellent design. At .83" and 4.6 lbs, it is thin and light and I am a big fan of the brushed metal look of the aluminum body. Yes, it does leave finger prints but what laptop doesn't?Decent battery life. Was able to squeeze 5hrs. Not the best but good for having 4 cell battery.The keyboard, while not backlit, is nice and feels well built. Touchpad is responsive but is big, bigger than other laptops I owned so it took a little getting use to.The screen is average. Like most mid level laptop screens it has good color and contrast with a little backlight bleed at the corners and short viewing angles. It definitely is not an Apple Retina Display.Win8. Some hate, some like and some get use to. I got use to it. Works fine for my needs. Just glad that it came with minimal bloatware.The 500gb HDD is 5400 rpm not 7200 as stated in some places but it fits my needs. Swapping it out for a SSD would improve performance no doubt but I really don't have the need to invest in that. I did put a $25 4gb RAM in the open slot and that will be the extent of my hardware upgrades.Some states that the cooling fan is very loud. I have yet to notice after 3+ weeks of use and is quiet as a whisper. Will update post if it starts doing so.This computer looks, feels and sounds great. While not the ultra of the ultrabooks, its performance is excellent for a casual user.
computer|Bought this notebook around Christmas 2012. I needed a decent budget PC for college, and this seemed to fit the bill.Right out of the box, the laptop had issues (small at first). Occasionally, the screen would freeze up, or it would inexplicably crash and shut down without warning. For the most part, I suffered through these issues without contacting support because they did not affect the basic performance.Today, however, the laptop completely crashed on me, and refused to reboot properly. It froze for over half an hour at the startup screen, at which point I force-restarted it to wait another hour on the &#34;automatic repair&#34; initialization screen. After this, I proceeded to have to attempt all the different fix options. None of the options that would have let me keep my files worked, and when I finally went to try a full system wipe, I was notified that a required drive partition was missing. All I know at this point is that my hard drive is locked (there is no way to 'unlock' it) and that I cannot fix it.I was previously an avid supporter of ASUS, in spite of some negative reviews I had seen, but now after having to deal with an unsatisfactory product personally, I wonder about the quality of their products as a whole.
computer|Light weight, easy to use. I purchased two of the i3 versions. Great picture quality, great sound for a laptop. Fast boot-up.For those that say it doesn't have Bluetooth, it does. Look in your device manager.It comes with one 4GB ram card, two slots are available. I installed two Corsair vengeance 8GB cards for a total of 16GB.The original ram card was in a tight spot and a little difficult to remove.Overall worth the $490.
computer|Incredible for Price.I bought the -dh51 model that has an i5 mobile processor and 6gb of RAM as opposed to an i3 and 4gb of RAM. This upgrade is essential on this model! There is NO dedicated video card onboard. This system uses Intel integrated graphics HD 4000. Asus should not even make the -wh31.These 1 and 2 star reviews really cheese me off.First, This is a laptop that Asus has put in their Ultrabook category. There is no standard definition for such word. Look at the dimensions before you buy if you're going to complain about the size...Secondly, I got 4 hours and 10 minutes off a single charge of active use (typing, games, movies) with dimmed screen and airplane mode on. This is one of the BEST value of i5 laptop computers out there right now. You get quite a bit of hardware for &lt;5lb machine. I will stipulate that this is a 720p definition screen and not 1080p. I would assume this is another balancing act for price and performance. Having a 1080p screen would dump more on the integrated graphics, CPU, RAM, and battery life. Those higher definition movies would take up more Hard drive space too...Asus has done some great things here. They have a full keyboard with one of the smoothest working function keys I've ever used. There is 24gb mSATA dedicated to fast boot (works great) that can be very useful if you want to install something like backtrack 5 or whatever OS utility you want. The 5400 performs as expected, but they did not gip on the space. Asus could have given a 320 or 500gb drive and 4gb RAM but they tucked value into every corner of this laptop. They also include one year of accidental damage protection (even more value)After I burn through the first battery, I'll replace the hard drive with a solid state drive and buy a new battery. I'd expect better performance and longer battery life and recommend doing this or having it done for people who do heavier mobile computing (multiple screens, GIANT spreadsheets, Adobe Suite Users)FYI I've only owned one Asus computer before this one and don't consider myself an Asus fanboy...yet
computer|I took a big chance on buying this computer after reading the reviews. It arrived in 3 work day and the box it came in was crushed on one side. Wow, it works. Took about 30 minutes to get it up and running only to find out that my email address was mistyped and I couldn't finish set up. Did a system restore to factory defaults. that must have taken over 1/2 hour not sure as i left the house for over an hour. spent another30 min to reset it up. pros it comes out of sleep in a few seconds, screen visibility is fine head on and a little more difficult to see from the seat next to me, the pad features all seeem to work ie 2 finger scrolling. I will edit this review after i check cold boot time. Firefox works good on it, doesn't appear Google chrome will, which is big disappointment for me as I will miss being able to sync with my android tablets. hopefully I can find a work around. I am constantly touching the touch pad by accident causing a lot of grief. hopefully I can disable it as soon as i get mouse. The problem cited by others regarding the dvd drive is apparent on mine also, it sticks out about the thickness of 4 sheet of paper maybe 1/64th of an inch. not enough to bother me at all. The release button seems a little difficult to use, but can get used to it. The biggest problem is windows 8, its really difficult or me. I have really never been happy with any windows up grade since "3.1" with he exception of "7". But this one has me thinking Apple might be for me. Its Windows 8 that doesn't allow a 5 star.. Correction I believed that chrome wouldn't work based on other reviews. In fact it does and allows the password program Last pass without a problem .. The cold boot time to sign in was 22 sec.UPDATE.. I have found that the keyboard is unlike any that I have used. 5 to 6 different keyboards in the past 5 or so years. I am constantly missing letters when typing. It maybe the pressure or the angle of striking the key I'm not sure but it is very irateing. I don't have this problem with 2 other keyboards I use currently or for that matter on my nexus tab.
computer|Not quite as fast as I hoped, but still performs very well. smart pad is very useful once figured out
computer|love it! Have had no issues. Really lightweight, perfect size for laptop. Great family use, no internet connection issues. Only complaint is Windows 8, which I&#34;m still trying to figure out how windows 8 works. I typically just go to desktop instead.
