computer|I haven't gotten used to the keyboard after a full month now. It's basically unusable. Just to write these few sentences has been a totally UN-Zen experience. Missed keystrokes make typing with the UX31 a nightmare.Are the people who are defending the keyboard getting paid by ASUS? I don't get it!
computer|pros : speed , battery life , monitorcons :keybaord is not good.design charger is very very bad.webcam is very weak and dark.
computer|So much promise. Such great looks. Unfortunately, function does not follow the form in this one. Two major problems are the reason I am returning this unit back to Amazon:1. WiFi is not holding connection at all, dropping every minute or so.2. Perhaps linked to the above, when the browser is open and any significant traffic is flowing, the PC, not just browser (!) crashes every time the connection is slowing down.These 2 make it absolutely impossible to use the thing. I have flashed the BIOS as some suggested - to no avail.So sad - could have been so good...
computer|Looks can be deceiving!I love the look of this notebook, and the mobility too.But beware looks can be deceiving.I tried this notebook once from Sams club. The key board stopped working in the middle for no obvious reason. I could not figure out why and when it happend and tech support could not help. so I returned the product and since Sams did not have it and I refused to admit the product is not quality.I went ahead and ordered it again from amazon to give it a second chance.This Time IE kept on crashing and I had to close the program over and over.I tried to call tech support and accidentally called a support line which was not Asus It was my phone support who claimed they were the authorised suppot line for ASUS. The dialed in and looked into my computer. Claimed that IE problem is fixed but this computer has Multiple errors and problems and they will need to charge me to fix it. I got very upset that this is a brand new computer and why should I have to pay for it.I soon realized i was not speaking to an Asus authorized website. I found the correct tech support and explaind the situation after getting through of an hour of hold time.Asus made me do a scan check and told me to call back after it was done.Finally I called back and got through again after a long wait and this time they told me if I get any problems happen again to call back.I insisted that I was shown a screen with a lot of errors by the my phone support tech. But asus rep refsed to do any thing about it.I insisted that there was a screen where I could see my usage and history and all the errors and finally the rep said I'm not allowed to tell you how to look at that area.They were hiding something which they didnt want me to see on my own computer. I,m not so tech savy but knew there were errors that I saw.Asus refused to show me how to get into the usage register.Its not a cheap computer and there is no reason for anyone to buy a product which every unit comes with a new issue and tech support is fishy.spend your money where you can take pride in owning the product.Initially I had bought this computer for my Sons 24th Birthday and his initial reaction was why would you buy this return it.I ended up keeping it myself saying you never like anything I buy you.I guess he knew what he was talking about.No comparison to Apple in service or quality.Again dont get fooled by the looks. I,m very disappointed with the way my concern was handled and how the computer comes with issues that are not big problems but nuesanse and awaste of time for a pricy product.Stick to Macbook at least you know its Apple.
computer|i love this laptop! the build quality is fantastic. it's of the same calibre as an apple macbook air 13". i love it's 1600x900 resolution display. i wish my macbook air has the same resolution. the laptop is relatively cheap for it's material and spec. highly recommended macbook air alternative. the only thing i dislike is windows 7. i prefer mac os x lion.
computer|Higher resolution and lower price ($250) than the other competitor. Can get on the internets and use the google just the same
computer|The Touchpad uses proprietary drivers and does not work well at all under Linux. With some effort it's possible to disable tap to click, but the experience was so unpleasant that I sold the laptop. The company that makes the touchpad has no intention of releasing up to date Linux drivers, so it seems that the problem will never be solved.
computer|The product is just good, more than a Macbook air though may be issues will rise with the spare parts???? excellent asus zen
computer|I-5 processor isn't bad would prefer something newer for the price, and was disapointed that camera only had 0.3M pixel (thats 10% ie: 1/10 the rez I have on the camera of my cell phone) 300,000 VS 3,000,000 Forget it. I am not adding an external cam on a slimline machine like this.
computer|"It looks like nothing you've ever seen," says the product description. But it is ... because I'm typing this review on a 13" MacBook Air which was the product copied by Asus.However, the Air runs either the Macintosh operating system or Windows, while the Asus product only runs Windows. And the Air is tied in with Apple's iCloud service, which allows you to seamlessly share files, music, photos and other documents with your iPhone or iPad ... while the Asus computer doesn't.There's more: The Windows operating system is subject to frequent viruses, while Mac's OS-X is rarely infected. Apple's products are constructed of top-grade materials and are famously reliable, while Asus ... I don't know. Apple products can be taken to an Apple store for service and assistance, but I'm not aware of any Asus stores.Finally, if other things were equal, I would prefer doing business with an innovator rather than someone who copies the innovation of someone else.For anyone who attends or works in an educational institution, you qualify for Apple's education discount. My Air was $1149 -- just $50 more than the Asus knockoff. And Amazon sells an 11.6" version of the Air for only $940.[...]
computer|This is a great laptop with cool design and light weight.For Window users, there is no issue with this laptop except getting used to the keyboard.For Linux users, wireless does not work until you update the driver. Touchpad only works for kernel 3.2 . Powersaving will work with some changes to power script. Hibernate is broken, and can be fixed easily.Overall, great product, worth spending money
computer|A brilliant laptop which would have easily scored five stars were it not for the fact that there is no recovery disc (which, considering how little burning a disc must cost a company like Asus, is baffling!)Trackpad and wifi issues reported by some users were non-existent in the unit I received. Excellent speed and battery life. One of the best computers I've ever bought.
computer|I purchased this speedy zenbook the day after it became available after much research and anticipation. I experienced the terrible WiFI and touchpad issues at first. Still not crazy about the touchpad even after some updates. However, the WiFI now works perfectly since the early Dec update. BUT why couldn't this update been performed automatically? Nonetheless, maybe I am a novice, but did expect to encounter some problems with a brand new ultralight model. I did not want a MAC but I needed something light. The keyboard is tricky but I find that the angle of placement of the laptop and my fingers makes a difference. This is a gorgeous, extremely fast, super lightweight laptop with great graphics and sound. There are few others at this weight (not considering a mac) and they certainly have a better keyboard BUT they cost twice as much. Bottom line--not perfect but works well for me for travel, watching movies, web/email, and work (documents, excel, remote connections, etc.).
computer|I read most reviews for this model and I thought there were many chances for me to get a malfunctioning product, but as many reviewers say, as you open the box you instantly think this product is made for you... incredible design and very light.So as I started using it, I thought about the flaws I'd read such as the keyboard, the trackpad and wireless reception, and I found out there were none of them present on mine! Perhaps the keyboard is different, but it's not slightly difficult to type at, it's just that the average keyboard has no spacing between keys and this one gives you a new sensation, but not a hard time typing.The wireless reception is perfect and the only odd thing about the trackpad is that it stops working on the edges each time you type, so that you don't accidentally move the cursor. Asus call this a feature, and is something you have to get used to, but besides that the multitouch gestures you can do are awesome: scroll up, down and to the sides, rotate images, go back or forward on files and browser, show all running windows on a nice interface or go back to desktop.I have a lot of confidence in Asus and perhaps I got lucky this time, yet it's the most extraordinary experience I've had with a PC and it was worth every peso.
computer|My household has about three laptops and two gaming rigs and a bunch of electronics. My wife's two laptops are about 2 to 3 years old and both were awfully heavy. Since my wife brings around at least one laptop back and forth to work I figured it was time for something new. After reading several reviews online I decided the Asus was the way to go.The build quality of the machine is just fantastic. The brushed metallic body looks great. The screen is very bright and the keyboard is the nice chiclet style keys reminiscent of the Macbook Air. At any rate I would say it's build quality is just as good as any other Ultrabook on the market.The first thing I noticed after I booted up is that it's fast. The 128GB SSD hard drive really shines as it only took me about 2 minutes to have it completly usable. I also noticed that Asus did not include a ton of extra bloatware which is a nice feauture.Asus really paid attention to detail, The hardware itself looks fantastic and even the Intel and Windows 7 logos are subdued to match the rest of the color scheme.In conclusion, I'm an IT guy at work and a gadget freak at home. With 2 gaming rigs (GTX570's and SSDs) and several high end LED Tvs this laptop was still very impressive and I am hard to impress.
computer|I've had this ultrabook for almost 3 months now. This is the machine I've been dreaming of since the Macbook Air came out. It's tiny, super portable, and thanks to the Solid State Drive, it's very fast (especially during boot-up). It never gets hot like every other laptop I've owned (Macbook Pro and ThinkPad T61). The keyboard is great (no backlight but the screen is bright enough to illuminate the keys). The trackpad is the biggest weakness (even after updatng its drivers) but really who cares? If you're doing any serious computing you should be using a full fledged mouse anyway. Only other problem I've had is random disconnections from my home and school networks. It's happened only a handful of time but I've had to reboot each time.If you like Windows and are looking for something portable, fast, and capable this is the rights machine.Also, I've run League of Legends on this machine and it ran at ~20FPS and looked beautiful. The integrated graphics seems to be able to carry its own weight.
computer|I'was really happy when I got my zenbook, it looks so thin, and the case is not that shining, I like its apparence. And it isso light, I can carry it easily. The system also stats pretty quickly, and the screen is friendly looking. The only thing I feel bad is when I get my computer, it have some problems. It always restarts, especially when I download something. Another problem is bluescreen, it appears sometimes. So finally I return it. And they return almost all of my money, although I still waste some of them. I believe it will be your best laptop if everything goes well. If you want to buy zenbook, I am sure it is a good choice for you. But be sure you know enough information about this, and good luck.
computer|The UX31E is a great looking notebook. But as many observed, several big problems plagued this product. First, the wireless....as shipped, it was TERRIBLE!! The latest drivers seem to go a long way to address the problem.The touchpad (I have a Synetics) was TOTALLY UNACCEPTABLE!! Even with the latest driver and BIOS, it is still unacceptable.The power adapter charging light never goes green (unless you unplug it). Also, if you are on an airplane, how do you plug this bulky adapter into the plane's outlet? Asus should have supplied an extension cord as well.Overall, it looks great but Asus better pay much more attention to its quality, validation, and user experience.What makes Apple products great is not the performance and Apple is certainly not a price leader. What Apples consistently did right is delivering the best user experiencde. If Asus wants to be Apple, they better wake up to what matters!!
computer|I got this about a week ago, as of (2/2/2012), and it's been nothing but awesome. Although I got the slower Sandisk SSD, I got the higher quality Elan touch pad. The touch pad was great out of the box, my only complaint with it is that sometimes it's a little overly sensitive registering your touch as a click when you're just trying to move the mouse. As far as I know there's no way to adjust for this, but I haven't looked very hard because it's hardly a problem. Any time I'm doing anything "mouse intensive" I have a wireless mouse anyway.This laptop is almost exactly 4 lbs lighter than my last, and that makes a BIG difference walking around with it in a backpack all day. The construction is awesome and solid. The keyboard is a little hit and miss, but I actually really like it. The travel is just fine IMO. As far as keys not registering, I miss every now and then but this can be corrected by just typing a little harder; it doesn't really slow me down. I also have a feeling the small problem will fad with use as the keyboard goes through a "break-in" period.I only got the 128 Gb model, which I loaded Microsoft Office Professional 2010 onto, the Adobe Creative Suite 5 CS5, Dreamweaver, Microsoft Project 2010,iTunes, school documents, and almost all my music. I chizzled my music down some, removed Christmas music, and other music I never listen to and go it down to 25 Gb. Anyway, after ALL that I still have 58 Gb free.It runs all the programs from adobe just fine. I haven't done anything too intensive on Photoshop, but everything I've done it's handled like a champ.This i5 is slightly slower than those in regular laptops due to it's smaller architecture, but coming from an i5 @ 2.3 Gig to one at 1.7, and from 6 Gb of RAM to 4, the SSD makes up the difference and this computer performs on par with my old.The battery life is great, I haven't run it all the way down, but I've used it for several hours without the need to charge. I just charge when I get home or to a convenient outlet. As far as the WiFi, the signal isn't QUITE as strong as my old laptop, but i've had no dropped connections and unless the signal was weak to begin with, I still maintain strong signals. The included adapters and case are of surprisingly high quality. I really have no complaints about this laptop, I can only say that it's Awesome.
computer|I purchased this notebook on the first day it was available - it seemed like a dream machine.Super thin, light as a feather, and an amazing screen.I was excited when it arrived - excellent packaging, extras in box (hey - a nice case for 'free'!), and a premium feel.My buyers remorse hit soon after using it - they keyboard really is poor. The trackpad is just bad - not quite poor.Yes, I updated all the drivers and firmware but still couldn't make it all seem like a complete package.I finally decided the keyboard was just too bad to accept (on day 31 so i had to deal with ASUS) and called their tech support.Eventually I was able to get an RMA and sent it in for repair.11 days past before the computer returned - they said they replaced the keyboard but did nothing else to the trackpad which I'd highlighted as an issue. I'll give it to them - the keyboard did seem somewhat better (but still not perfect) for the 12 minutes the computer worked before it was totally unusable. The screen stopped working entirely.I called their tech support who treated me with the same non-urgent manner as the first time. I asked them for a new machine but they said 'no' - send it back and we'll fix it. My guess is that this time it will come back and the SSD will have issues.What's to like about this machine? very cool ID, nice packaging, very light, and quite fast.I do not recommend this product to anyone.****Update 1-3-2012Asus supplied me with a brand new UX31 after the 2nd return. So far this one performs similar to the others reviewed here. I'm still not in love with the keyboard or mouse but the rest of the package is impressive.
computer|pros:+ build feels very solid and sturdy, very light and thin. Looks great.+ very nice screen, bright and clear, and 1600x900, of course don't expect something like IPS that will wow you, but still very respectable+ lots of slots and ports: full size sd card slot, usb 2.0 & 3.0 slots, HDMI out (mini), VGA out (with small adapter)+ fast -- restore windows in a few minutes, boots up before windows animtion could finish, and generally very responsive.+ runs very cool and quiet, never got beyond warm even under load.+ nice speakers - for a machine this thin, they are very loud and clear.cons:- power connector -- a tiny flimsy plug that wiggles, I can see it getting killed soon. asus needs to work on something better, even though magsafe is hogged by some fags, I am sure they could come up with something sturdier.- keyboard -- while I could understand that on a machine this thin there's little room to make a good keyboard, the one on ux31e is particularly bad, basically for all the complains from other people, I've experienced them more or less. To get used to this you basically have to learn to slow down your typing and really push on each key. If you have to do massive heavy typing I don't recommend this or any ultrabook keyboards, otherwise with some time I could see myself adjusted to this keybord. If you have nails this will be a real challenge I think. I personally would rather they make the machine a few mm thicker and have a proper keyboard. One thing I found that's very important with the keyboard is you have to enable (and maybe configure) the ASUS smartsense to avoid your palm touching the touchpad while typing.- no backlit for keyboard- touchpad -- I got the Sentellic touchpad. while moving the pointer around is very smooth, multi gestures is a joke. I manage to make two finger scrolls working acceptably if I am very careful. Shame on Asus for putting junks like this on something they used the word "perfection" to describe.others: I got a defective unit. It bluescreen every time after waking up from sleep. First thing I did with this was update the bios to 210 and download and install all the drivers from ASUS, but still no luck.I didn't bother to test the battery since I am returning it, but there are plenty of reviews with information on that.overall if this has a sturdier power connector and a touchpad with working multi gesture (such as the Elantech I heard that is much better) it would be a solid 4 star. They have some room for improvement on the keyboard, and adding a backlit would be very nice. And make it thicker if that's what it takes. I'd rather have perfectly working components.
computer|Purchased the ASUS ultrabook for study. Really enjoyed the features of instant on, graphics on teh screen, and the portability of the laptop. Also the processing speed was great in loading programs, and the various short cut cutts available in Windows 7 and few tricks with the mouse pad.However, after three months was using and it shut down, and didnt turn back on again. Have just sent away for warranty. Dealing with ASUS warranty people on phone was a little painful, and not having a backup laptop due to their hardware failure. Will have to wait and see results. I have yet to read any other hardware problems with this machine in reviews, so hopefully it is a one off.
computer|It's not as bad product, but I used to buy a lot better products from ASUS.It should come with Linux instead of the crappy OS that Microsoft Provides, it's fast for a few days and the more you use it, the slower it gets.
computer|I was so excited for this computer. It's small, fast, made of metal, and it has a higher screen resolution than the competition. It sounded perfect on paper.It turns out that all of these things are true: it boots fast, the all aluminum design looks great and seems very durable, and the screen resolution is awesome.Unfortunately the mouse and keyboard on this computer make it unusable. At first the mouse seemed pretty terrible and would occasionally refuse to respond to input. On most computers the touchpad turns off while the user is typing and turns back on a moment after typing stops. However, on this laptop the touchpad turns off and does not respond to input until your finger touches a a small area in the center of the keypad. This means that if you type and then try to use the mouse but are not touching the center of they keypad, the mouse seems like it is frozen. Fortunately this default can be turned off, but then the mouse may jump during typing. The solution is to enlarge the size of the circle that re-enables the touchpad (which can be done in the settings), but it still isn't perfect.After tweaking the settings, the mouse is acceptable, but there are even bigger issues with the keyboard. I can't type more than a few words on this computer without missing a letter. The issue is that if you press on the side or corner of a key, the key clicks down but may not register the keypress at all. This is a result of the keys having extremely short travel. This means that unless you type hard and in the center of each key, typing is incredibly inaccurate. This issue makes this otherwise pretty awesome computer unusable for writing documents, emails, instant messaging, etc.Pros+Super Fast (solid state hard drive)+Great Screen Resolution+Thin, durable designCons-Mouse can jump and freeze after typing-Keyboard is impossible to type onThis computer is fast and has a great design, but what good are those things if you can't type? I am currently in the process of returning this laptop.
computer|I really wanted to love this machine and I did love everything about it until I started touch typing a significantly long piece of text. It simply misses keys when you type. I had to return it. Fix the keyboard and I may try it again.
computer|There are a lot of posts about how great this thing is. So I'm gonna focus on the flaws.1. Wireless is a big issue. If you use power adapter, it's OK but if you use battery, the laptop kept losing signal. I did some research on the net and looks like the issue was caused by PowerWiz and/or Power4Gear. For some reason, I was not able to uninstall PowerWiz and Power4Gear. So I had to reformat the hard disk and install fresh Windows. After that, I change the wireless to max performance and it seems to fix the issue.2. Again wireless. I compared this laptop with a Lenovo X220 side by side, copying a 1.03G file. It takes the X220 6 minutes but takes UX31 17 minutes. I've tried all suggestions on the Internet but still can't figure out why. I'm going to buy a mini USB network adapter and see if there is any improvement.3.Keyboard feels weird. Comparing with X220, it's actually really bad. But this could be I'm not used to it yet.UPDATE 12/07/2011: I tried all possible ways (reinstall fresh Windows, modify TCP, MTU settings etc) but still have wireless issue. I believed it was hardware issue so I call Asus for a RMA. Sent my UX31 last Wednesday and get it back today. The problem fixed!!!!!! Wireless is stable and file copy speed is great!!!! I'm very happy now.
computer|I read all of the positive reviews posted on Amazon and other retailers so I decided to purchase the Asus Zen Book UX31E. Unfortunately I was very disappointed. At first I admired the high-design packaging when I opened the box (think Apple!) and was very satisfied, but that satisfaction didn't last. The trackpad so level with the keyboard that I couldn't type properly. In some instances the trackpad was so sensitive that just grazing it with my palm wiped out my entire email, and other times I had to apply additional pressure to get the mouse arrow to even move. The trackpad was also sluggish during scrolling and my finger would already be at the bottom of the trackpad before the page even started to scroll. The keys feel very cheap when typing and the keyboard is not backlit (which I knew before purchasing - but with dark gray keys and black letters it was difficult to see unless you were in full light). Other issue was that I could not keep a wireless connection! I had trouble at Starbucks and other public places where free wifi is available and also encountered issues at home on my own network! The connection was constantly being interrupted and the wireless would simply turn off. EACH TIME that this happened I had to run a utility to "fix" the problem which was only temporary. After 3 days I decided to return to Amazon for a full refund. I just got back (literally!) from the Aplle store where I purchased a MacBook AIR and I couldn't be happier. I would advise against purchasing this ultrabook.
computer|really good product with state of the art hardware. It looks good and slick...Perfect for professional and personal use.I love it.
computer|This notebook looks great, performs well and I actually like the touchpad and the keyboard. The touchpad isnt perfect but the multi touch gestures work great. The facial recognition software actually works and people are impressed when they see me log on just by looking at the computer!
computer|I love the design and every thing about this computerBUT BUT BUTyou can't work with the touchpad, mouse jumping all over, and don't be fooled it happens even if you update to the latest drivers! (9.1.7.7)ASUS do something about it fast!
computer|Overall I've been very pleased with this computer. I've had it for about a month now and everything is running well. I saw the reviews which mention the slower Sandisk hard drives showing up in some units. I took the chance and ended up with a unit that has the slower Sandisk hard drive. My hope had been that I could upgrade the drive to a faster one but after reading a bit about the drive it sounds like it is not a standard mSATA or SATA disk. Upgrading it might be tricky. While the drive I got is the slower Sandisk I still give this notebook 4 stars because I don't find myself waiting on disk reads/writes. I'm using this notebook for general msft office, email and web. Maybe if you're trying to run something that is more disk intensive (ex. media encoding) you'd find yourself wanting the faster disk.The one item that stops me from giving this system 5 stars is the sharp edge at the front of this computer. The edge is right where you'd rest your wrists when typing. If you keep your wrists straight when you're typing then you'll never notice the edge.Pros:- Fast CPU- Bright Screen- Light weight- Long battery life- Seems to have very sturdy construction- Includes sleeve and VGA dongleCons:- Sharp edges
computer|I've had this ultrabook for 7 months and so far I love it. It has frozen or messed up at all. It's pretty fast. I haven't had any problems with the touch pad like some people have mentioned. This is definitely a million times better than my old dell inspiron laptop which sucked! The only thing I would change about this is the keyboard would be better with backlights. Overall, a great computer and worth the money.
computer|Saw this model of ASUS zen book at the store, bought it through amazon. Same product cheaper price. very satisfied with the specs. good for college students or for home pc if not playing serious games.
computer|The worst laptop ive possibly ever owned. Ultrabooks are a complete joke and especially ASUSYou could get 4 differnt types of this modelWhen asus sent these units over to tomshardware and other places to benchmark they sent ADATA's which were apparently less reliable but having almost 2x to 4x the speed.Also the track pad was at much better quality.So when buying this u nit you take a gamble to get the right configurationyou can either getBad trackpad and ssdgood ssd back trackpadbad trackpad bad ssdor GOOD BOTHGuess what i got?BAD FOR BOTH!So many wonder why asus does this?Its to save cost so they don't have to RMA our units. SSD&#34;S have a typical life of a few months to a few years but they don't last the life a typical hard drive will. with the warranty on this unit being over a 1 year asus has to use a longer lasting Sandisk ssd.Now dont get me wrong sandisk makes awesome ssd's but however hte model ASUS has OEm'd is a long lasting and much slower versionPlus asus rma is headache so dont even bother
computer|Purchased this at my local retailer where they offer 90 day return if you just do not like, I got the last one which was the display model so you obviously can see my intentions... So after doing extensive researching, reading many reviews from regular people like on Amazon to review websites, the keyboard is a bit hard to type on, you do need to hit a bit hard on the keys for them to register, the performance is great, a bit slow I experienced, but because I have got the Sandisk version not the Sandforce, not a buy if you get the Sandisk version, its the SSD much slower but still fast. The weight is really light and thin, very amazing, its very sturdy, very nicely built, you can see all Asus products come in quality, again the touchpad is a problem too, also all my drivers are updated, just performing the last windows update files as I am typing this review.I would suggest waiting until June or August, as in June they have the new HP ones coming out, and soon after that the others roll out, but I would deferentially consider the 2nd gen Asus ultrabook whenever it does come out, I had a large heavyweight Asus laptop before.
computer|Finally, a Windows notebook that can compete with the Macbook. The attention to detail that went into the design of this computer is incredible. It is ultra-slim and ultra-light, yet still feels very solid. The metal finish is beautiful and stands up to a beating. Many reviewers have complained about the touchpad not behaving well, but ASUS has updated the drivers and it now works perfectly. It supports three-point multi-touch, so there are a variety of gestures that can be made on the touchpad that make life easier (pinch zoom, two and three finger swipes). The screen is gorgeous and is bright enough to be used in direct sunlight. The keyboard is easy to type rapidly on and the keys feel solid (would be nice if it was backlit, but oh well). ASUS' claims of battery life and boot/resume times are accurate (boots in under 20 seconds, resumes from sleep in under 2 seconds, 6-8 hours of battery life under light use). It comes with built-in power profiles that can under-clock the CPU to save battery. The facial recognition login is a nice touch, and works very well in good lighting.Also a nice touch, the computer comes with an elegant protective sleeve/case, a USB-ethernet dongle (because it doesn't have an ethernet port), and a micro-HDMI to VGA dongle. I wish Amazon had made this more clear in the description, because I ended up purchasing an ethernet dongle separately for $35 only to find that the computer came with one. One thing it does NOT come with, which makes me very happy, is a ton of bloatware.Overall, this computer is elegant, fast, sturdy, great on battery life, and generally well worth the price.
computer|Bought the Asus for the ssa hardrive and light weight as my laptop goes everywhere with me. Probably got a little rushed to purchase due to these features, aluminum shell, etc.Pro's; silent, fast (even with the slower hardrive mentioned in previous review), no heat build up when actually on your lap, and of course the looks. Great screen. Key board is fine, don't understand negative comments - but I am used to attaching a full size keyboard and mouse for most of my work.Con's: video doesn't allow operation of an attached screen in "extension mode". Only duplicate, and either/or options. This is a major negative for me, as I write frequently and cut and paste from web sites to documents. So much more convenient to cut on one screen and paste to a document on another screen instead of having to minimize/maximize all the time. And the wi-fi is definitely weaker than my HP G62. I have to connect to a second router in my office to find a signal, while my HP has no problem connecting to primary router on other side of building. Also sometimes the machine just turns off the wi-fi driver, I have to "troubleshoot problem" to turn it back on - and yes f2 is enabled. I might still be missing some energy saving feature that turns it off, but tried to do that once already.Bottom line: Probably a great purchase for most people, I really do like it. But personally would have gone a different route if I had done my homework.
computer|I purchased an iPad and trialed it over a business trip. Although it was a cool toy, I found that it was only good as a toy. More of a consumer product so I took it back and purchased the Asus Zenbook. Awesome machine. Same size as the iPad, same weight etc but much much more powerful. Would be nice if it was a hybrid with touch screen and normal laptop functionality but it does all my business apps, runs much faster than an iPad, email is more formal (outlook) which I find much better than the conversational type that all the tablets and cell phones have gone too. If I want a conversation I'll pick up the phone or instant message. Email should be professional business communication. I haven't had any issues with touch pad or keyboard and haven't done any upgrades. Its a laptop so has the same issues any laptop does but is lighter, smaller and more convenient for traveling. Airport security is a breeze, no huge weight to dig out of a bag, comes in a nice portfolio sleeve that I just tuck under my arm. 13 in screen is perfect. Wish there were more color options but teh aluminum is cool. I would recommend to anyone who travels.
computer|Well this is my first full contact with the keyboard. I can see how people don't like the shadow keys very much but for the all and all of it they are fine. I have semi large hands and the weight is equal to it. I generally hit the keys pretty hard as it is. I have so far missed 3 letters writing this. during this review i cut my nails down and i have had little to no problems with the keys at all.The track pad is a little slow but in general if i am going to use that it is by far the last choice i have. Mouse is small and easy to bring with you and feels a lot more fluid then a track pad ever will.I am very happy with the speed thus far, it beats my other dell xps out of the water already from the SDD. Im sure that is simply excitement playing a huge part in all of this.It is amazingly thin and they thought of everything as they did for me on the TP201 with keyboard that i also have.I am having no problems with downloads with putting my software on the computer at 800kpsi ran a MSFT computer review and it gets a 5.6 from the stress test built into windows.I installed my fav game which is a MMO which uses the unreal eng. Vindictus and it runs smoothly a 7/8 on the graphics without any choppy feeling at all. Only my tower computer with a i7 6gigs ddr3 and 1 gig ddr53-3dchard run it at 8/8 with no chop, that also being hard wired, no wifi.i love the apps that are prebooted with the stopwatch and speed to battery selection.all in all i'm buying one for my girlfriend if she likes it nearly as much as i do.i havedell xps i5 4gig ddr3 1 gig ddr5 640hd laptop 15.5asus transformer prime with keyboard dockdroid 3 (waiting on the asus padphone with keyboard dock)a xps tower as explained abovei'm a tech dork and i love this.
computer|It's light, durable, easy to use, fast start up, and I haven't had the problem that other users have had with typing on it. The track pad is getting some getting used to, as any new one does, but it's not bad. Also if it really gets in the way of a long typing episode i can turn it off with the function key. I don't do that though, since I haven't felt that it was in the way much. The only downside is the lack of cd drive, but for the size and weight, it's very much worth it.
computer|Great product, great price, great shipping!This laptop SHAMES the MacBook Air. Lower price, bigger screen, higher resolution, better ventilation, longer battery life, AND the ALL-damages covered warranty? I could drown, burn, or beat this laptop to death and for one year, it's covered by an all-damages warranty. THANK YOU Asus! Nice to know that there's a company out there who puts their customers before their own gains.
computer|Pros:-Small dimensions (including weight)-Fast-Looks Good-1600x900 screen resolution-Connectivity dongles and carrying case included-Long battery lifeCons:-128GB SSD is limiting-Track-pad is hit and missI originally purchased this in order to be able to do work on the go (I am a college student studying computer engineering and math). This machine is lightweight and powerful and let's me run all my technical software without getting bogged down. The SSD permits incredibly fast boot times, data retrievals, and wake from sleep times but 128GB is pretty small especially considering the space that the OS and software take up although smaller media collections shouldn't be a problem. The battery lasts surprisingly long; even at near full brightness I can easily get over 5 hours and that includes running CPU-taxing software. The track-pad has some interesting default features and options that make it initially hard to use (most notably "magic touch" and inertial scrolling), once I disable those however the touch-pad was fine. The high resolution screen makes it easy to read without sacrificing space. From a productivity standpoint I couldn't be happier. As for the aesthetics the Zenbook is sleek and cool looking and easily competes with anything Apple has to offer (with better features and a lower price to boot!) Frankly this is the best Ultrabook for the money.
computer|I'm not as tech savvy as most of the other reviewers, and most of their comments are spot on. I purchased mine from BB. It has a different part number [UX31-RSL8]. Not sure if there is any difference. BB listed the color as Radiant Silver. I wish they would state what it is: Dark gray. As for the Asus updates, it does sound like they rushed this unit out the door. On the Asus site there are 27 updates available. Everything from trackpad to bios. I have no clue which ones to download,[Any tips?] so I only did the ones that were in the popup from Asus when the computer is first used. One was the track pad update and this has helped somewhat, but there are others on the Asus site. Now the pad is too sensitive. Attempted scrolling often becomes an unintentional tap. I see no provision for any adjustment of pad sensitivity. Adding a mouse does not help when I use it on my lap. The screen is very sharp, but my last netbook, [Asus S-101] had a matt screen. I miss the matt screen a lot. This screen is like a mirror and detracts from the viewing experience. To use this laptop on a desk is fine. However,I usually use it on my lap, like when sitting on a couch. The sharp edges and corners of the deck are sharp enough to cut my palms. Why couldn't they bevel these edges? For me, this is a serious flaw. The SD card slot only allows the card to go in half way. The S-101 hid the entire card. WiFi performance is fine, but I did go into the advanced settings in Power 4 Gear and change the wireless card setting to full power. It had a desktop display gadget for P 4 gear, but I somehow lost it and can't find a way to retrieve it. I miss it because sometimes it goes into battery saving mode for no reason. I worry about the life of the tiny AC plug. It looks too fragile. Even with all these gripes, this is a great computer with top notch performance.
computer|I haven't used it that much, honestly. I need to buy MS Office for it - but as far as I can tell it's as advertised. Thin and powerful. Lightweight, but not cheap feeling. Just what I was looking for.The carrying pouch is sleek and it also came with a very short USB cord (useful for travel) - a couple of nice extras.It's very stylish.
computer|Loved the design and the performance. its an eye-catcher wherever I go. I used for personal and business. It would have been great if it had mor USB ports. Would greatly recommend a port replicator along.
computer|I have problem with voice . Its squeking, buzzing and hissing which is very disturbing. I really dont know how to solve this problem. I would not recommend to buy UX31.
computer|This little laptop (Ultrabook) is fantastic. It is pretty much everything that is advertised. It is extremely fast and has some great features. It boots in about 10 seconds from a cold start. The battery can last for about 12 hours strait (In my experience) while watching streaming video. There is no disc drive of any kind so just be aware of that. It is extremely thin and light for it's power and the screen is pretty nice and crisp when viewed straight on. For angled view the screen can appear to have blacked out portions.When I first got this I had some kind of error that caused the computer to not boot and give a very scary warning. But after letting it rest and restarting a couple of times I have never had this problem again. The touch pad is also sometimes not very responsive and sometimes in the beginining it actually stopped altogether. Both the criticle boot error and the touch pad problem seemed to go away with updates installed.The sound for this computer is fantastic for the size of the frame. There is virtually no distortion and the lows and highs are easily distinguishable. Of course it always helps to connect to a larger set of good quality speakers but for the size the sound from the built in speakers is fantastic. Better then most full size laptops and even some HDTVs!!!The power cord connector seems very loose and the light on the connector has a hard time indicating that it is charging. There is a connector to get the video out to a VGA but you have to use a supplied mini VGA adaptor. There is also a mini HDMI port. There are two USB ports: A 2.0 on the left and a 3.0 on the right.The headphone jack also serves as a microphone input jack. I am not sure how that works for a headset with mic but most headset mic combinations are USB anyway.This Ultrabook comes with the 13.3 inch screen, COREi5, and a 128 GB SSD. I highly recomend the 13.3 inch screen over anything else. The size difference is huge while not adding to the overall size of the actuall computer. Plus the 11 inch screen only has one USB port. I have read that the COREi7 doesn't add that much speed. If you can afford it I would also recommend going with the 256 GB SSD for added storage unless you have a large external drive or cloud service. This is a great computer to travel with and I download my SD card from my camera frequently. There is one SD card slot (not multi card slot). With 128 GB hard drive space photos can eat up that space fast.ASUS provides a very nice slip case for the computer that is well padded with felt and serves to protect the sexy aluminum finish well.I know that next generation models have a lighted keyboard which I wish I had but other than that I recommend this Ultrabook. Plus, it just looks really sexy!
computer|I bought the Zenbook about 8 months ago, and thought I'd hold off on doing a review until I'd had a chance to fully get the feel of it. In retrospect, I wish I had gotten a more conventional laptop. I absolutely love the look and feel of the Zenbook, but switch to my old Asus netbook, desktop, or my wife's Toshiba if I want to get some work done. When I use the Zenbook to work on a MS WORD doc, I am constantly re-setting the cursor, which frequently jumps to other places in the document. This happens with or without an external mouse - and when I am careful to touch only the keys. I have also noticed that the battery life isn't what I expected. If you want a nice looking computer to impress your friends in the coffee shop, and plan to use it only for checking e-mail or surfing the web, this one's for you. If you plan to use it for serious work, you might want to consider something else.
computer|Great:-Performance- Weight - less than 3 pounds! It's never a burden, so I always take it with me and it actually gets used.- sleek, compact design- Glam factor: Elegant design makes people go "oooohhh, what is that?"- available ports- screen resolution is just right for this size- battery life- build quality- rockin speakersNot so great:- keyboard - best for those with a firm typing style; others will regularly stumble with unregistered key presses.- trackpad - erratic behavior. Right click usually only works the second time you try to press it and scrolling is completely hit and miss. Gestures are limited and also not customizable in any useful way. If they could iron issues out I would give this a 5+ stars.These seem major flaws for a 4 star review, but they just executed everything else so well. You just can't mess up the trackpad and keyboard guys.... how else are people supposed to use their laptop? In the end I find both very usable after some adjustment, but they obviously need work to be on par with the rest of the machine.
computer|I bought this laptop back in February 2012 because the MacBook Air at the time was a few hundred dollars more (from what I remember) and I didn't have the money to shell out for it. When I first got this laptop in the mail, I was so excited to use it. It comes with a cool sleeve, and several extra accessories. The laptop is indeed sturdy, awesome aluminum, VERY thin and very fast thanks to the SSD. I was using it up until now (December 2012) and through the months using it, I've come to notice a lot of pros and cons.Positives: Awesome audio (yes, I really think it is). Great screen resolution (resolution slightly higher than MacBook Air). Super fast SSD and file transferring. USB 3.0 is awesome. SD card slot is useful. 100% display brightness is very nice and bright. Thin and sturdy design. Awesome battery life (I get around 8 hours of battery life!) Small portable charger (very portable). And lastly, the accessories bonus is nice :)The reason why I am giving this laptop a 3 out of 5 star (despite how nice and fast it is), is because of how I felt ripped off. You pay over $1,000 for a laptop (at the time) so you expect to get the best. But instead, a month after I purchased this, I realized that the issue with different SSD in each laptop came into place after I read about it online. Like other unfortunate people, I also received the one with a SanDisk SSD. For the average user, speed is not noticeable. But, you're paying full price for a laptop and they are not giving you the better SSD which is total bull crap.Secondly, a lot of people have a lot of issues with the track pad. I have no issues with it at all unless you count how "unsmooth" it is. The trackpad feels like the cursor is delayed with the touch and is sometimes way too sensitive. It is impossible to work with it normally, so I just opted for a wireless mouse.Thirdly, the keyboard is VERY annoying. A lot of people complained about it and the complaints are true. If you do not press directly at the center of the key, it does not register. And also, if you type "too fast", a lot of the keys do not register either. I am not boasting about fast typing speed, but I see myself using the backspace button a lot when it refuses to register keys or even the space key. You eventually get used to it; that IS, if you want to continue backspacing all the time and making a bunch of typos. I dealt with that only because I paid for the laptop already, and while the keyboard doesn't annoy me right now (got used to it), it will annoy other people in the beginning.Fourthly, the charger is nice but has flaws. It's small, compact, and I love this charger because I was tired of the bulky big chargers. However, this charger's wire is a bit too short, and feels a bit flimsy. It always seems like it's about to snap or get bent on the metal part.Fifthly, straight out of the box, the Asus included software did not work. A lot of the recovery tools and other Asus stuff installed did not work. It would give some sort of error, and if I tried reinstalling it after downloading it from the Asus website, it would give the same error. I eventually gave up and dropped the issue.Webcam could be better also..Overall, it would've been a five star laptop if I didn't feel ripped off, and if the keyboard wasn't so annoying in the beginning (which I now learned how to deal with). It would've been great if the charger was a bit longer, and if it has two USB 3.0 ports instead of one, a better webcam, better trackpad, etc. etc. Asus eventually improved this laptop just several months after (Zenbook Prime) but even with the reviews I read with that one, a lot of people have even more problems than this one. Honestly, it's an okay laptop so far, hasn't failed on me, thankfully! The resale value of this is still high, therefore I'm selling it to purchase a Macbook Air 2012. The MacBook Air's priced dropped and I always wanted it, so it's just my opportunity.
computer|Looked great and played nice the first day. Installed ubuntu 11.10 along with latest firmware. The next day I decided to install over everything including the windows partition with just ubuntu and the laptop kept reporting an error reading from the livecd. I ran a memtest and errors came up right away! The ram either went bad or the solder points weakened; the laptop did have a some moments where the fan spun high to dissipate the heat but I don't know if there's a correlation.
computer|Save yourself the time and money. DON'T PURCHASE AN ASUS ZENBOOK. Or anything they make for that matter. This is a true story... Feel free to share and encourage others to spend their money elsewhere.I bought a zenbook UX31E and used it sparingly for a few weeks. It then for some reason decided to only want to boot to the bios and refused to go any further. I took it back to my retailer who promptly told me i was 5 days past my in house warranty so I went the RMA route to Asus. Away went my zenbook. It returned to me a few weeks later and booted once. It then did a weird core memory dump and would automatically reboot in a loop. I took it in again for another RMA. I got it back, I take it home and boot it up and it finishes a boot cycle. I closed the lid and it went to sleep and refused wake. In addition, the power plug was wonky and had slop in the connection that didn't allow for a reliable connection. I called ASUS to get them to replace it at this point rather than do a THIRD RMA. They refused to replace it. I took it in for my THIRD RMA saying that I need to get this replaced. They refused. So i called my contact at my retailer who spoke to her Asus RMA person who said he'd recommend a replacement. So I left it there for the third time. A few weeks later I get it back (they didn't call me, I had to call to check on the status, and it was actually ready 5 days prior to my call) thinking it would be a replacement. It wasn't. I called my contact at my retailer again, who spoke to a manager who said they'd only do a replacement if there was a FOURTH RMA.So... Either Asus makes shoddy, poorly engineered products or has a repair infrastructure that is incompetent. But either way, they don't stand behind their products and have horrible support. Ask yourself... Would you knowingly buy something from a company had even ONE of these flaws? Seriously. Go buy a HP Envy Spectre (I'm going to sell this zenbook after this third RMA and get one) or one of the many other ultrabooks out there.This story needs to be told.
computer|Warning: I probably just got unlucky with a bad SSD, you'll probably be better off than me, but then maybe you won't be!I first saw this laptop while I was out in Japan, I fell in love with it on the spot. I love the build quality, form factor, screen and actually the keyboard is just fine, the laptop is very fast - and the touchpad on the laptop was great.So I get back to the states and first thing I do is order one; next day I'm eagerly unboxing it, already well aware that I'd need to update the BIOS, wifi driver, and touchpad drivers. Surprise number one is that the touchpad is still horrible after the driver update. Turns out there are two different touchpads used. Sentelic and Elantech. Elantech pads are good and work great - it's what I used in Japan. Sentelic are terrible and function poorly. Even after the driver updates the multitouch was barley functional and unreliable, disabling it wasn't really an option as side scroll didn't work despite being enabled in the config and I needed some way to scroll - even if it required some effort to function correctly.Other than the terrible touchpad, the laptop is actually really nice - except it restarted, hung, crashed every few minutes even when just sitting idle.(On the bright side, it restarts and crashes really quickly.) I tried updating all the drivers, newest 207 BIOS, tried to do a memtest which crashed finally gave up and figured I'd just do a restore from the restore partition and see if that fixes it. I didn't think it would as it crashed out of the box, what I did not expect was that the restore itself would error out and crash mid restore leaving a laptop with no OS. I tried restoring again - four times. All failed.So this laptop is being RMAed back to Newegg. At this point I'd ask for a refund(if I could) and try for something else - the touchpad really is that bad.In the end, this laptop is just not ready for prime time. Unless you absolutely need an Ultrabook right now, wait - and if you can't wait, buy the Apple Air.The touchpad is unacceptable. Wifi is weak at best. The power connector is flimsy, feels loose and is absolutely hideous. The Asus software is buggy - Asus Live Update is fickle and will not recover from errors at all. The fact that my laptop crashed in the first 10 minutes of use and proceeded to crash at least once every 30 minutes and sometimes right after restarting goes to show that the QA just isn't there.You may get lucky. You may end up with a Elantech touchpad, a working headphone jack and a working SSD. Then all you'll be able to complain about is the weak wifi strength and ugly/flimsy power adapter. Of course you may also end up like me, with a brand new laptop sitting in a box after days wasted troubleshooting and now hopping through RMA hoops with fingers crossed that the next is working.Update: Received RMA replacement. New laptop works great - but has a SanDisk SSD which is somewhat slower than the ADATA and has the "good" trackpad.
computer|I like the performance, screen and weight of this laptop. The trackpad has serious problems but I have found a workable arrangement by disabling gestures and on-pad functions. All and all I liked the experience and would have given the product 4 stars.Then I lost the mini VGA port for external monitor (or more importantly for a projector) on a trip. I wrote them an email asking them how to get a replacement part and what alternatives there were to this Asus part. It took them 17 days to write me back. Let me repeat that. 17 Days.Having to wait 17 days for a response to my support email is awful. It is the worst customer experience I have had in years. I would strongly recommend that my friends and family not buy ASUS products as a result. Indeed, the support agent didn't even check that the part wasn't in stock. They didn't offer me any suggestions or try to think of any other ways I might be able to connect a VGA projector to my laptop.Maybe they didn't because you cannot. I'm not sure. I went to Fry's to ask the guys there to find a process to connect the laptop without the Asus part and they couldn't figure it out. The old macs said they used the mini-vga port but that standard is not compatible. The cable won't fit. Maybe you could get some sort of complex micro-hdmi / powered hdmi booster / hdmi to vga adapter setup but I could not find the required parts.On top of which, when without their email support I managed to find the replacement part at asus's online store, it was out of stock for weeks. That too is terrible and unacceptable.To top it all off, ASUS's surveys and websites are filed with English grammatical mistakes.
computer|WOW, I love this zenbook. This is the best laoptop I ever own. I'm a PC guy and this is a great ultra laptop. my comes with i5 2557 and 128 sata hard drive. I dont have any issue with wifi or keyboard, but the touchpad is a little "touchy". In gerenal, this is a great laptop from a person like me who travel a lot. I love its lite weight, instant start up and the screen. I have it for about a week and enjoy it very much. I read about the Zenbook and all I can said now is keep up and good work ASUS. I'm will be trying the transformer prime next.
computer|Just bought this because I needed a lap top for consulting job. I usually work on a desk top. It is beautiful and very sleek. Very light weight and comes with it's own sleeve. The keyboard is springy but that i not an issues for me. It is fast and easy to use. I am not a computer geek so I have to leave the expert reviewing to them. I am enjoying it and I know that it will be easy to deal with when I am traveling.
computer|What a beautiful machine. Very impressive, futuristic.That is until you turn it on. it comes with Windows 7 Home Premium. Terrible is the only printable word.Asus made a great machine, and their product is exceptional, but why waste a work of art with the worst programming I have ever used.My first thought was to send it back.I used it for 3 days, hoping to overcome the problems, alas, no luck. The keyboard works fine but the track-pad acted in a weird fashion, and a mouse was no better.So, I did the logical thing.Installing Ubuntu 12.04 solved everything, what a delight to use. the track-pad and mouse, used separately work well. Wonderful.The speeds on the internet reached 15mpbs,the features now work the way Asus said they would, in their ads. But they failed to mention that you need Ubuntu.Now, I'm pleased. it is lightening fast, and it is now a quad core processor, not so with Windows.
computer|I loved this computer. When it arrived I felt like Windows had finally gotten it. A super computing combo. And Asus packaging and styling were simply awesome. I love the SSD, so fast to come on. Alas, after struggling for a solid 3 weeks (spent 2 in complete denial) with the wireless, the frustration of no Internet a lot of the time was too great and I returned it today. I honestly hope to rebuy this when Asus gets the kinks worked out of the wireless. I tried a lot of their troubleshooting, even sent an email work ticket with no response. I did not call them- after reading of others struggles I just couldn't put myself through that agony. The final status was a working wireless that would then shut itself off and only able to be restarted with a Troubleshooting sequence that was annoying to say the least.I liked everything else about the machine. I did not mind the keyboard or mouse pad. Much better than the Toshiba netbook it was replacing. Back to that Toshiba for a little while......so sad.....
computer|just got it yesterday so i haven't had much time to play with it so but first impression is great. it's very light, nice screen and excellent battery life. the harddrive is a little small but cloud stoage takes care of that. instant on is a nice touch, no more waiting for boot up. feels solid and is a superior alternative to a tablet. no optical drive but this is not really intended to be your primary computer, it's made mostly for portability.... very happy so far.
computer|The only positive thing I can say is that this laptop looked beautiful. Loved the brushed steal cover and thin and lightweight. I missed having a BD player or any disc player included in the machine. It was low performing and slow SSD drive. Glitchy...and a lot of crappy pre-installed software which I'm sure contributed to the machines slow performance. Not enough interfaces Display was nice but I missed a wider screen. I returned the unit in favor of a Sony Vaio.
computer|First of all, the laptop itself is good and pretty much what I expected, with two exceptions:1) The trackpad gets in the way sometimes and you will hit it with your palm while typing and begin typing somewhere else on the page inadvertently.2) The keyboard takes some getting used to. You have to put a little extra effort into typing since it's difficult to tell if you've hit the keys hard enough.However, my main issue has been the horrible customer service. My AC power adapter died a week after I received the laptop, making it unusable for me until I bought a new one or got a replacement. I simply had to buy a new one to use my laptop, as it took 15+ calls to customer service, several different people, many mistakes by ASUS, and almost a month and a half to get the replacement adapter.I have heard the newer version of this, which is the UX31A I believe, has at least improved on the two issues I mentioned above. If that's the case I would seriously consider it for a laptop that is small, lightweight, has great resolution, and isn't overpriced. However, after having dealt with the ASUS customer service, I cannot recommend anyone buy a laptop from them. Maybe you'll get lucky and have no problems, but maybe you'll have a problem like many others who've posted here and be out of luck for weeks, at best. Buy at your own risk.
computer|Very good overall, I bought it refurbished for $799, it is working great and looking like new, but didn't come with sleeve. Here are some personal impressions:1. Keyboard is not a problem at all, you don't really need backlite keyboard to type. The screen actual give out enough light to let you see the keys.2. Touch pad work as it should. Didn't update driver.3. Wireless signal is fine, just turnoff the power saving option as others said.4. Some reviewers said it can't extend to external monitor,actually you can, you just have to change setting in intel's display setting.5. Screen is very beautiful and bright, like others said, the viewing angle is limited, but it is actually not bad, and for 1600x900, it is a really good deal actually.6. Speaker is very very good, but low frequency not very powerful, high and mid frequency are very good.7. Battery is very good compare to other products.8. Style is very good, sleek and light.9. HD boot fast!10. Video card is not very powerful, but if you tweak intel's display setting, you can do most stuff on this machine no problem except really heavy graphic work.11. USB ethernet is great as well as adapter for external monitor.12. It doesn't get hot, and actually very quiet.13. Power adapter is small compared to many other products on the market. What's the point having ultrabook with big power adapter.I am very happy with the purchase at this price. Highly recommend it.
computer|I've been super happy with the purchase of my Asus UX31E REFURB.The case that comes with the laptop is a form-fitting brown plastic-cloth sort of number. While the case looks terrific (and is small!) you can't jam accessories into it. Therefore, the power supply and mouse, if you have one, would be kicking around separate from the laptop. I got a Case Logic that's roomy enough Case Logic LAPS-113 13.3-Inch Laptop / MacBook / MacBook Pro Sleeve (Black) to jam a blue-tooth mouse Logitech V470 Bluetooth Cordless Laser Mouse (Blue) and power adapter into.The biggest complaint that it appears people have is the touchpad. Initially I installed ubuntu 12.04. The "universal" touchpad drivers aren't all that great. The touchpad is way too sensitive. BUT then I broke down, as I always do, and moved back to Window 7. Be sure to install the Asus Elan Touch-pad drivers [...]. You can disable all the annoying things about the touchpad, and it works great.The laptop has no optical drive, so you're going to have to put your Windows 7 installation on a flash drive. This will be impossible if you don't already have the disc! I ended up wiping the whole thing, and borrowing a Win7 CD from a friend that was the correct version to the OS sticker on the bottom of the laptop, Windows 7 Home Premium Refurb. Once you get an installation cd, and a nice big flash drive, you can follow these directions to get the entire Windows 7 installation onto a bootable flash drive. These instructions should do the trick: [...]Overall - great purchase. Handsome laptop, good battery life, and quick operation. I'm sure it will serve me well for a few years into the future.
computer|Superficially it looks great, but there are big issues with the keyboard and track pad.Keyboard issues' 1. Not registering keystrokes (perhaps 1 out of every 15 keys is unrecognized, so very annoying). 2 When letting go of the shift button, there is a minuscule delay until the keyboard recognizes it. Doesn't sound like a big problem, but when I type my password (which has uppercase letters) quickly, as I normally do, the shift modification carries over to the next letter in the password. The result is that I have to enter the password 3-4 times before it's correct, a problem I've never had with any other keyboard. The only effective fix has been to type much slower.Track pad issues: 1. If you intend to use any other OS than the preinstalled Win 7, you're out of luck. The track pad is entirely unusable without the right drivers. 2. Even with the right drivers, its behavior is flaky at best, exhibiting phantom clicks every now and then. 3. The scrolling gesture does not give smooth scrolling.It's a shame about the keyboard and track pad, because they're the only weaknesses I've found, but they're also the most fatal weaknesses a laptop can have.
computer|ASUS Zenbook UX31E-DH72 13.3-Inch Thin and Light Ultrabook (Silver Aluminum)After 5 months of struggling with the new Macbook Air, it finally died after over heating every time it was turned on. Apple, had to send it in for a replacement, which I will sell.I purchased the Asus Zenbook, a few hours later. WHAT A BREATH OF FRESH AIR. Maybe they have learned from mistakes, but there is not one thing I can complain about, and I am very fussy when it come to my technical products. I picked mine up at Sam's Club, and it is a perfect. I was very concerned after all the reviews, and was looking for the 90 day return policy. This Zenbook, will stay with me for at least a year---longest I seem to keep anything.Don't be afraid to try it, and stay away for Macbook Air, unless you want to be working out of a little box.
computer|I have used the UX31 for a month now and plan to use it on our travels so I can connect to my office.In a word: wow. This is one serious, gorgeous and fast computer. I use GoToMyPC and run my office PCs as fast as they usually run.there has been no quality or buggy issues whatsoever.The boot times are astonishingly fast and I have demo'ed it for some techie /Apple lovin' friends.They have all been stunned by how fast it is; how good it looks and how beautiful the screen is.I leave it hibernating between uses and the little ASUS gauge tells how much standby time it has.I will use it for email, browsing, banking etc for 30-40 min / day and i charge it ONCE A WEEK.bottom line: A definite buy.Just note it is all 64 bit so make your software can keep up. I run our proprietory 32 bit apps remotely with GoToMyPC.The keyboard is not perfect for touch typists (me) so it loses a star.But a solid 4+ stars for doing everything else right for travel / remote computing.
computer|Just got mine. It's a beautiful piece of hardware. Much has been made of the distinction between the two flavors of SSD. I have a slightly different perspective on it. I'm coming from years of using notebooks with rotating media. I have spent way too much of my life waiting for Microsoft Windows to take agonizing minutes -- trillions of operations at today's clock speeds -- just to boot up. I pulled a Sandisk SSD on my Zenbook, and my machine cold boots in maybe 15 seconds or so. Even better, the notebook can sleep for well over a week. So the normal use case for this machine is to just put it to sleep, e.g. by closing the lid. When I open it up, bam! The unlock prompt is waiting. So for me, even with the "slow" SSD, living with this notebook is fundamentally different and light years better than a traditional notebook!Nothing is ever quite perfect, though, so here are a few observations: The keyboard seems very high quality. However, it does require noticeably more force than most keyboards to actuate, and I find I get missed keystrokes, and sometimes I slip off the intended key while pushing on the smooth metal. I pulled the Elantech touchpad with my Zenbook. It is a little finicky, but in general it's just fine. It is extremely sensitive, so that sometimes I wind up clicking on things when my intent was merely to scroll or move the pointer. The only real 'bug' I've noticed is that, sometimes when I try to two-finger scroll, it keeps popping back to the beginning/top of the page. I think the biggest, albeit minor complaint for me is the screen. It's hard to say exactly, but while my screen appears razor-sharp, its color seems to be a little "washed out". The cartoon colors in graphics all look fine, but I've noticed in photographs that the colors seem less distinct and vivid than on other computers I have. For me this slightly washed out appearance creates a sort of hazy impression for me.All in all, though, I am delighted with my Zenbook!
computer|Keyboard lacks responsiveness and touchpad is so-so. I am disappointed with the keyboard. You really need to bang on the keys to make sure you don't skip a key while typing. Also, the touch pad gets stuck sometimes and the cursor wanders to another part of the screen sometimes. I also had to send the laptop back for repair a short time after receiving the laptop. The display/screen failed and I had to return the laptop. I regret having picked the Zenbook over the Apple Air. A little bit more money and you get what you pay for.
computer|Mine is the i5 version with a 128 GB SSD.Asus did a great job with the UX31E. It's a sleek, sexy, incredibly thin laptop, but still no match for the refinement and sophistication of a MacBook Air, which I also own. Of course my Asus is considerably cheaper than the Air - $1,000 for the Asus, about $1,500 for the Air when I bought it.The Zenbook's keyboard takes some getting used to. Some have complained about the keyboard, but it wasn't a difficult adjustment for me.The touchpad so far isn't even the same league with the Air's. But I've only been using the Asus for a couple of days, so maybe I need to learn more about it and add my personal tweaks. I use a mouse mostly, so the touchpad is not a big issue.I find it harder to read on the Asus screen than on the Air. Maybe it has something to do with screen resolution. But I should be able to make the adjustment. I just need to remember to Windex my eyeballs every morning.The front corners of the Zenbook feel sharp. I guess this would be a plausible explanation for slashed wrists at a hospital emergency room.Glad it has at least one USB3 port (there's a second USB2 port), a Micro-HDMI port (which the Air lacks).Oh, the sound system. It's fantastic. I hate laptops with feeble audio. The Zenbook's audio (Bang & Olufsen) is actually loud enough to be practical.For those who insist on a Windows operating system, the Asus UX31E might be an ideal, extremely thin, light and practical laptop.
computer|I just got my laptop yesterday, so these are just some initial thoughts.The good things:First, it's biggest draw is the fact that it's light and that it performs. It's much lighter than I thought (feels lighter than a macbook air, although I know they're supposed to be the same weight). And it's much faster than I thought. I bought the slower CPU because I didn't think it was worth an extra $400 for an extra 100MHz of clock speed; and I was right. This processor actually is faster than some of my desktop computers that have chips benchmarked to go much faster than the i5 2557M. It even handles processor intensive programs like Photoshop reasonably well -- good enough to work on the road if need be. And even though I think I got the "slower" SSD, it doesn't seem to noticeably impact performance.Second, the screen is beautiful. I wondered whether to get the smaller UX21 screen with less resolution, but the resolution on the UX31 is breathtaking.Third, I have no problem with the keyboard. It does drop keys once in a while, but you feel it when it drops keys. And I have no problem with the touchpad. I think the multitouch might be patent infringement, but we'll let the courts decide that.Fourth, I like the idea of their accidental damage warranty. I haven't damaged the laptop yet, so I don't know if they'll honor it, but on paper it sounds great.With that said, it is missing a few features that would make it more convenient:First, you can't lock the laptop with a laptop chain. Given -- I rarely bother do to that. But I'd like the option to. I mean, how hard is it to cut a small hole in the chassis for the laptop lock?Second, the keyboard is missing keys. I don't mind the low profile of the keys or the fact that it's backlit (i touchtype, so I can find the keys as long as I feel the 'F' and 'J'), but it's missing the 'home' and 'end' keys. Which I use often. And the delete key is next to the power button; I'm constant afraid I'm going to accidently turn off the computer.Lastly, the laptop lid (where the monitor is) needs a bit less give. If I bounce the laptop on my knees while the screen is open, the lid falls backwards. It doesn't fall very far because it can only open to a 120 degree angle or so. But there should be more friction holding the screen in place.Other than that, I'm pleased.
computer|The screen is great -- much better than the Samsung series 9 which is only 768 pixels high. The 1600 x 900 resolution is really nice. However, nearly everything ese on the samsung works better.As other reviewers have pointed out, the "Finger sensing pad" doesn't do that too well. I returned a Samsung series 9 because of the screen to get this and the Samsung has a MUCH MUCH better touchpad. The samsung has a synaptics touchpad and lighted (adjustable light level with ambient light sensor) keyboard which works nicely while both keyboard and mouse are downsides to the Asus UX31. Perhaps this is some of the reason this is $250 less than the Samsung?Having VGA, HDMI, and wired ethernet adaptors included are nice as is ASUS' folder case for the ultrabook and the the accessories. While the apparent lack of 5 GHz wi-fi is not a problem for me as I generally need to be in the same room as the router to use it, some folks might not like that.As pointed out by others as well, Asus bundles and large number of widgets that seem to have no purpose. Also not sure what "power4Gear" really does on top of windows 7 power management.Conclusion / Impression: If you need the higher resolution for photography or software development, than its an OK laptop that definitely has some annoyances. DEFINITELY install the updated "Finger Sensing Pad" driver from Asus' website immediately!However, if you can live with the small resolution screen, the Samsung series 9 is much better all around as a 13.3" ultrabook running Windows 7. For example, I would recommend the series 9 to someone wanting a Windows 7 version of the MacBook Air.
computer|THE ZENBOOK WORKS OK FOR ABOUT 6 MONTHS . THEN IT WOULD NOT WORK WITHOUT BEING PLUGGED IN . ASUS CUSTOMER SERVICE SAID SEND IT WITH THIS RETURN LABEL YOU CAN PRINT . I TOLD THEM I DIDNT HAVE A PRINTER ,COULD THEY SNAIL MAIL IT . NOPE ,THATS ALL JUST NOPE . FORTUNATELY THE LOCAL FEDEX SHOP TOOK CARE OF THAT FOR ME . SENT IT TO THEM . FROM THE DAY IT SHIPPED TILL THE DAY I GOT IT BACK WAS ONE MONTH ! YES 4 WEEKS TO THE DAY . OH WELL AT LEAST I GOT IT BACK ,,BUT NOW ONLY THE RIGHT SPEAKER WORKS ! NO IT DIDNT HAVE ANY OTHER PROBLEM WHEN IT LEFT OTHER THAN THE BATTERY WAS BAD OH AND IT IS NOT USER REPLACEABLE . IT IS SAID "YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR" HAH ! DONT I WISH . PLEASE BUY SOMETHING YOU WONT REGRET . YOU CAN BUY MUCH BETTER FOR LESS MONEY . I WISH I WOULD HAVE KNOWN ABOUT THE TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE . JUST A NOTE ,I BOUGHT THE ZENBOOK FOR MY WIFE WHO IS FIGHTING 2 TERMINAL DISEASES TO MAKE THINGS A LITTLE EASIER FOR HER . THANKS A LOT ASUS . YOU SUCK !
computer|Bought a new Asus laptop 2 months ago to replace the Dell XPS (which I had been using daily for the last 5 years, with no problems at all). Thought I got a good deal and better laptop, it ends up dead in 2 months, battery not charging, laptop completely turns off by itself and have to reboot, keyboard stucks.Call customer service for help. Rep keeps asking to fill out the RMA form and will go from there.It's a worst experience I've ever had using this product. This is my first and my last Asus product. It sucks!
computer|I love this laptop: Performance is great, design is great and I don't have problems with WiFi et. al (latest BIOS / drivers installed). Can't say much about the Sandisk SSD Performance issue, but I scored 3.300 PCMark 7 marks, so I guess this should be about right.BUT: What a flawed keyboard / touchpad. Asus! Seriously, what were you guys thinking???@ Keyboard: In short: Horrible typing! Keys are waaay too far away from each other.- Fairly often the keys don't react properly although you've pressed themArrow keys are waaay too small (yeah, great design, Asus! Have you thought about functionality?).- No dedicated page up/page down button (same as above: design first, then functionality).I doubt that I'll get used to this. I'll try my best within the next week but will probably send it back.@ Touchpad: OMFG! Asus, what the hell were you guys thinking? I read lots of reviews before buying this laptop and thought "c'mon, it can't be that be that bad". But when I actually started to use it I couldn't believe what I found. Asus just shouldn't have tried to imitate the Apple Touchpad. Of course I can use a mouse while working on my desk, but this touchpad will annoy me whenever I'm traveling.- The touchpad is just waaay too big. You cannot write a text without deleting sentences because you accidently mark text with your palm while typing and erasing everything you've typed. This was improved a bit with the latest driver (they increased the "dead zone", but it still happens waay too often.- When you tap the touchpad to perform a left-click the delay is just aweful. I presume that because of all this swipe-gesture-interpretation-intelligence integrated into the touchpad hardware it just takes a while to interpret the tap as a click. I don't see how this can be fixed with a driver update.- Why on earth did Asus decide to build in a touchpad that has no left/right mouse button that can be "felt" with your finger, i.e. by separating it from the capacitive area? Because the "border" between the two buttons is just printed on the touchpad itself you cannot "feel" the buttons and therefore quite often perform a leftclick instead of a rightclick, a rightclick instead of a leftclick, or move the mouse instead of clicking.- Due to the fact that the touchpad, including the two "buttons" (which are no real buttons but just printed on the touchpad itself), is just one big area with just one "clicking" switch underneath there's another annoying flaw: When you perform drag and drop and want to release the left mouse button by lifting your finger from the area that is supposed to be the left mouse button, the switch below doesn't recognize this. Why? Well, even the tiny weight of your other finger (on the touchpad itself) is enough to prevent the switch underneath from releasing. Funny, huh?In short: Don't buy this laptop if you intend to type on the keyboard or use the touchpad. If you don't, well, I'm sure you'll like it... ;)
computer|I don't understand why people are liking ASUS brand computers. This is my second laptop from ASUS, the first being a Republic of Gamers. The biggest issue i have it the keyboard on both. Although the specs are respectable, there issomething wrong with the keyboard. Key presses are not registering along the the space bar. I have to forcefully press the key and just at the center of each key including the space bar. Furthermore, the cursor would suddenly jump to a random spot at whatever i am typing. I refuse to carry aroundanother keyboard, as itdefeats the purpose for having a notebook. I obviously like asus at one point, or I would not have bothered buying another one. And to top it all off, customer service is non existent. After inquiring numerous times about the keyboard, i never gota single response. And for those that think that keyboards are not that important, try writing a paper with it. You will be pulling your hair out.
computer|This ultra delivers on its promises. It goes into hibernation on lid closing and reawakens in a couple of seconds. The boot from cold is also remarkably fast. The 128 Gb solid state drive is plenty for my purposes as is the Core i5 and 4 Gb RAM. What I have not experienced are issues with touchpad (lag) or keyboard (missed keystrokes) - no reservations there so do not believe the oft uttered "reservations" or "weaknesses" regarding the keyboard and touchpad when in the hands of mere mortals like me. The multi-touch is fun as well. As recommended by others as part of the initial start up, I went through the update routines that included several drivers. I did initially experience drop outs with the Wi-Fi but as suggested by others, once I tweaked the power saving profile to NOT try to save electrons by lowering the wireless power setting, then the drop outs stopped. I did not notice any battery difference after altering the Wi-Fi from default and I can walk around all three stories at home and out onto porch and deck with impunity. The computer is nice looking, very thin and the sharp screen is excellent for text, spreadsheets and online videos. The speakers are exceptional for a their size and can be used while walking across the room - something no laptop speakers have ever tolerably achieved in previous machines (seven). Battery life is as advertised and I routinely get 5-6 hrs of uncompromising use without resorting to hyper conservative settings. I have no doubt that I could squeeze more if the situation warranted it. The rapid blink of reawakening from hibernation has changed my habits - phone call interrupt, dog needs a walk, dinner call, etc. - gets an instant lid close. The computer snaps back to attention when I return and open the computer lid. So with this immediacy of being back where I left it, I am going 4-5 days between charges simply because I am not idly idling the computer as a way around dreading what for my former laptop was many minutes of cycling up and down for its hibernation state. Hail solid state technology - this thing really is a fine machine. All of this is based on a couple of weeks of use. We will see how things go in the long run and whether the solid feel and seemingly excellent finish quality is more than skin deep.Update - after four months of use, this has been an outstanding computer - fast, great battery life, wi-fi reach, and screen. Only wish added is that upgrading my router - the machine has no dual band to match the new router but frankly it matters little in overall performance.
computer|this piece of machine is incredible. i love all the thing about it. every details appear on the screen is clear and sharp. Sound is magnificent, it's sound almost as loud as my logitech ipod dock and no distortion when max out. you'll never to turn it off, but if you have to, it would not be so much a problem as it will be lightning fast. performing smooth on everyday task and entertaining, also play some light game quite good. the only drawback i found is the keyboard, as it take time for you to get used to it. keys are a little bit hard and a bit easy to type on the side of the key, then it may not register. Overall, this is one of the best portable notebook out there, and for your concern about the keyboard, i'm typing this review on the machine itself
computer|I have had this for about a week now and it is just fine for me. I travel a lot and it weighs the same as my old Samsung netbook but has a full size screen and keyboard. I am not a huge power user mostly MS Office, outlook adobe etc and it performs fine.No real complaints just perhaps a coupe of comments. The keyboard which some have complained about is fine. Coming from a netbook the biggest challenge is dealing with the large keys. The track pad is quite large and can get brushed over inadvertantly too. The keys are a bronze color with black letters and symbols and as others have noted are not backlit. This is a little problematic as you go searching for specific functions or punctuation that is not regularly used like % or * or $.Also it comes with a soft case cover that has the slot on the short dimension of the case. This makes it hard to slip into if you leave the case in a shoulder type briefcase.Good machine and I recommend it
computer|I purchased this ultrabook with knowledge of these common problems regarding the UX31:-Wifi strength/speed issues-Bad touchpad-Bad keyboard-Shift/enter key buzz when volume is turned up to maximumNow that Asus is manufacturing all of their UX31's with Elantech touchpads instead of the Sentelic ones there are no more touchpad issues. The latest BIOS and drivers combined with the now permanent Elantech touchpads is perfect. I was wary about the keyboard performance when I bought this ultrabook but sure enough the keyboard feels great. I am not a light typer though, I am not a loud typer but I do press down the keys with a fair amount of force and so even with the short key travel I do not have any issues. I also have absolutely no issues with wifi strength or wifi speeds, they all perform just fine. The shift and enter keys do buzz on some frequencies when playing music loudly through the built in speakers. This isn't an issue for me though since I never listen to music through the built in speakers of the laptop.I would certainly recommend this laptop to others.
computer|Ordered Wednesday, Received Friday. Computer is terrific! Extremely thin and light, very stylish, fast, sharp, simple to use. Not loaded with as much junk as HP computers come with. Went with other reviewers recommendations and uninstalled certain "junkware" programs. Only complaint is the touchpad's delay, but it is helpful that my wrist doesn't activate it because of that feature. I have not had a problem with the internet connectivity, or anything else other reviewers have had problems with. Mine works perfectly and as expected. The additional case and plugs were an added, very nice surprise. Very well made computer. I highly recommend.Update: Have owned for over one week, and am still having no problems. No issues with WiFi, no issues with keyboard, no issues with...anything! I am using this for college-it's so thin and light I sometimes forget I have it in my bag. Oh, terrific speakers! For those interested in battery life, I am getting 8 HOURS with regular use (WiFi/music/applications open, etc). THAT'S RIGHT, I SAID 8 HOURS OF USE!! I didn't believe it at first, so I tested it again, and sure enough :). Great, Great computer.
computer|After agonizing between getting a Macbook air and installing windows or saving some cash (and functionality, MS Office on Mac sux) I decided to go with a UX21. Boy was that a mistake!I initially thought that maybe my piece was one of those lemons - a one off incident with the whole manufacturing process. But a quick search online proves that the issues are widespread. This is not an issue with only my piece!- The hinge came defective out of the box - the screen gradually opens out to its max open position.- After working fine for a couple of months, the wifi will now not stay connected for more than 3-4 mins.- The keys require a lot of pressure to work - with more pressure required for those further away from the center. Clearly some design issues.- The touchpad is a piece of sh*t despite installing all the updated drivers. The pointer will randomly jump to some other part of the screening. When scrolling with 2 fingers, it will suddenly start zooming in or out - with a lag of course.- Hold the laptop at a certain angle, and you can hear the fan rattling. Some design and quality control.In this day and age, it simply blows my mind to see this kind of pathetic engineering. I guess they thought that they will put together something flashy and rush it into the market to get first movers advantage. Of course, suckers like me fell for it. But guess what you dumb Asus people - unless you have a solid product, you will not have good sales.If this was indeed an unfortunate design issue then at least they could stand behind their product like Microsoft did with the whole ring of death thing. Extended warranty to 3 years. They replaced my unit - no questions asked - when it blew out 2 years and 9 months after purchase.But no. Asus is happy sticking a few measly units to some suckers and then stepping away, cooking up some other plans for another sucky product I guess.And then people wonder how some people have market caps in hundreds of billions of dollars and some dont even register anywhere.- A totally pssed off and disgusted first and last time Asus customer.Notes:1) The 2 stars are purely for 'looks.' It does look stunning, wish it worked even a fraction as good.2) I have also posted this same review on notebookforums.
computer|This is a superb ultrabook, somewhat a copy of the Apple AIR, but with a better screen.(AIR is coming out though with an updated version soon though). I looked at all the ultrabooks out there, and it was clearly a "contest" between the Zenbook and the AIR as the primo products. Of course, if you're an Apple devotee, there's no competition, and there would be a $200 surcharge if you decided to run Windows on it which you could easily do.For me, the only thing that is "missing" is a lighted keyboard which the MAC has, so if you plan to use the laptop in a dark room frequently, that might be a significant consideration for you. They may have elected to eliminate it to save battery power, but, as with the MAC, there could be a switch to turn off that illumination when not needed. It may have been a cost saving decision, or all of the above.There have been comments regarding a problemmatical keyboard on the Zenbook. I have experienced absolutely no such problems. The keyboard is silent, accurate and very touch friendly. When I have made errors, it is clearly related to mishitting a key. The feel of keyboard is a little different from the standard computer keyboard, but once you get oriented, proprioceptively, you're off and running just like on a desktop computer.Negative comments about the touchpad are overly inflated, based on my experience, but I'm not a touchpad enthusiast and usually use a mouse which I find much more convenient, either wired or wireless. I think the software has been updated in the later models, as commented upon, and the driver has beem changed and also subsequently, in itself, improved. Some periodic erratic behavior I found completely cleared up by eliminating the "tap" option in the software's configuration which you access via the Control Panel, Mouse section. Click on the Elan tab(the trackpad's software), Options, and you can uncheck the tapping. This does not interfere with the overall function of the trackpad in terms of pointing/clicking, scrolling, etc. and completely eliminated the flakey behavior. Also, while you're there, if you use a mouse, check the box that enables the trackpad to be disconnected when you have the mouse connected. This I found to be very helpful for eliminating peculiar behavior related to inadvertently touching the adjacent trackpad when you're typing. Also, and this is software specific, if you are using Acronis, there is no dedicated driver for this trackpad if you work from its bootdisc, so the trackpad will not be disconnected by the software setting even if you use the mouse. Thus, the trackpad can act quite erratically when in that poorly supported mode. Therefore, it is very important to keep your fingers clear of the trackpad in that very specific instance.The quality of the image on the screen is gorgeous, the best I have seen on the several ultrabooks I have tried. I originally bought the 11.6 model thinking the more iPAD type of portability would be a plus, but I wound up exchanging it for the 13 inch as a more satisfying display format with little significant difference in form factor and weight, so I would definitely recommend that you buy the 13 inch unless diminutive size is the overriding consideration in your purchase. The lateral, and especially the vertical viewing angles are somewhat narrow for the optimal viewing parameters, but it is no better or worse than other laptops, in general. For general computing, it's fine, but for photoediting work, I don't recommend it. Also, it's not particularly amenable to calibration like a quality desktop monitor.As the unit has only 2 USB slots, one of which is an excellent USB 3, you might want to add a USB hub which you can get in either the 2 or 3 versions. Since it doesn't have an inboard optical drive, I bought Asus's very inexpensive, but well -functioning outboard DVD-RW drive which comes with a Y connector USB cable to plug into 2 USB ports for adequate power; however, I found that just plugging into one port(the hub is not externally powered) was perfectly adequate for it to function properly, so I chopped off the second connector; alternatively you can just use a standard USB mini to standard USB connector cable. In doing backups, I use an external USB3 drive; therefore with the mouse, the drive, and the optical drive, I can easily have three peripherals plugged in. In this setup, everything connected works perfectly with that hub. The USB 3 works at appropriate transfer speeds. Adjacent to the USB 3 port there are HDMI connectors if you want to use the unit with an external monitor, but I have not tried them since it is not germaine to my needs.The 13 inch model also has a slot for the SDHC flash cards, not the slightly larger compact flash II format ones. The 11.6 does not have the slot, probably because of space constraints in the smaller chassis.Functionally, this computer is very nimble: POST time is essentially instantaneous because there is less complexity than with a standard desktop configuration, and SSD makes boot times and program opening times negligible. There is a nice instant-on feature which allows you so sleep and awaken the computer just by closing and opening the lid.The SSD on my unit is 128 GB, but you can get it in a 256 as well for about $300 more,if you need that space. Note that this computer, like all OEM units, is quite loaded with, at least to me, purposeless gimmicky bloatware which is well removed in the interest of saving space, and general computing efficiency. The included Nuance's pdf reader rather than Acrobat, which is the pdf program to which I am accustomed, is perfectly fine, retty much an equivalent reading substitute. It also comes with McAfee which I removed and substituted my preferred security program Norton IS2012 which works fine, as would be expected. You cannot run the two contemporaneously, so you make your choice.Another thing which I did to reclaim an additional 10 GB of useful space was to eliminate the Recovery partition, and then expand the main partition to fill up that empty space. That is easily done in the Disk Management utility. Type diskmgmt.msc into the Run box on the start menu, or Winlogo-R, right click on the Recovery partition and select Delete. Then right click on the main partition and select Expand, and just use the default entries if you want to maximally utilize the hard drive's space, and click OK and you'll see the "unallocated" partition disappear. NOW, of course, you will not be able to recover your computer to factory settings if you have done this, BUT, if you do a backup of the factory configuration as delivered, say with the Acronis boot disc before you launch the initial setup, you will have that drive image stored for use if you need it, and that will of course include the Recovery partition. Additionally, though, if after you have configured everything the way you like it, including the repartitioning, you can make a "starting" backup drive image of that separately, so you don't even need the factory drive image and you will not have to go back and start over unless you really want to, which might be the case, if you just want a fresh installation, so be sure to make that initial backup, if you plan to repartition your hard drive to optimize space. If you use the boot disc for backups, remember to configure the Boot Priority in the BIOS to make the CD-ROM the first priority, otherwise it will always boot into Windows. Also, with a detachable CD-ROM, unlike the permanently connected analogue in a traditional laptop or desktop, you will have to reconfigure the boot priority each time you reconnect the CD-ROM drive, as it will revert to the SSD boot drive at the top of the list. It only takes a few seconds to do that-no big deal.To conserve battery power, I recommend that you turn off the WiFi power which is toggled by the F2(with Fn key) which helpfully is highlighted by a lighted dot for easy identification. You'll a get substantially greater battery drain with steady WiFi usage, but about 7 hours with WiFi off, depending on your screen's luminosity setting which you can easily use at less than half full power as it is exceedingly bright. Battery life is good, especially if you're not running power consuming peripherals, such as the CD-ROM or streaming a lot of AV streaming over a protracted period of time. Most users will get a full day's use out of it, assuming some rest periods. Charging time is a few hours from complete discharge. Reportedly, there is no problem letting the unit charge overnight, and there will be no overcharging or negative impact on the battery's life.WiFi and Bluetooth receivers work very well. I can get reception without any boosters from a Linksys WRT 54G router to most everywhere in a 2 story house, although, on the fringes, download speed drops from 20 mb/s to about 2 Mb/s, but the latter is eminently workable for internet surfing and doing email.Both screen sizes come in both i5 and i7 Intel processor models. I heartily recommend the i5 as by far the most cost effective since there will be little if any perceptible difference with this particular computer's overall configuration. I couldn't perceive any difference whatsoever for the usual functions for which these laptops are generally used.All in all, the fit and finish of the Zenbook is top flight. The resistance of the hinge is a perfect balance between easy opening and closing, while maintaining its position very nicely.Asus maintains a support site for this unit with updated drivers which you can download as needed.Sony has recently released a competing model but it is a little thicker and heavier, but does include a CAT5 connector which the ASUS cannot accommodate because of its thin form factor; however, an adapter is provided.I apologize for the lengthy review, some of which relates to some personal technical aspects of use, but I hope it is generally helpful in getting you acquainted with this computer in making your purchase decisions.BOTTOM LINE: HIGHLY RECOMMENDED as a superb Windows-based Ultrabook with the exceptions or "cons" regarding use in in very dimly-lit environments, and its limitation for critical photoediting, as described above. I do NOT confirm the negatives as described by certain others. I do not think you will disappointed with this computer, and the price, for its quality, is competitive.UPDATE( 7/22/2012 )I am greatly surprised by the recent highly negative reviews as they just quite simply don't even begin to match my experience with this computer. Now having had it for about a month, the unit functions absolutely reliably, and I haven't even begun to experience any of the specific complaints registered by others. I can't believe I have a "cherry" unit and was just lucky. Although everybody has a right to an opinion, sometimes, when experiences seem so divergent, I wonder if the writers have agendae, including those like myself who write a rave review, but all I can say is that I have absolutely "no dog in the hunt on this one!" If you're worried, just buy from a merchant where you have unconditional right of return for refund or exchange within a 15 day period, which is a customary policy these days from most major dealers.Update, Oct. 3, 2012Asus came out a couple of months ago with a replacement model for this one which now has a backlit keyboard, an IPS matte screen with resolution of 1920 cf. 1600 for this unit's. There have been numerous complaints about bleeding around the edges of the screen, so check this carefully on any unit you purchase while you can still easily return it if yours is defective. All of the improvements though are certainly valued upgrades. The IPS improves the narrow vertical acceptance angle on this machine, as aforementioned in this review.
computer|My US31E crashed after 4 weeks of ownership. The unit would not recognize the hard drive. The unit was sent back and the hard drive replaced (RMA# USG9255570). As a result all of my data was lost. It took ~ 3 weeks to get the unit back. When it arrived the operating system they installed was a downgrade (Professional to Premium). I was told (Service # 1884296) I had two options:1. Send it back2. Purchase a recovery diskSorry, but I already paid for this software and I won't ship back this computer for another 3 weeks. That would mean more than 1/12 of my warranty and that ASUS or FedEx will have had my computer longer than me.It's a nice unit, but I wish I bought the apple instead.
computer|I bought this laptop and it's a beautiful and light laptop.The display is good, and a bit better than the one on the U36SD.The keyboard is a bit hard to get used to and has not backlight.The Trackpad is so bad and I had so many problems that for the explanation I quote a review on "The Verge" after I had the same problems: "I found the pad to be not only finicky but in some ways unusable; the cursor would intermittently jump across the screen and somehow it would then select random things, causing at one point it to open 10 blank windows of Internet Explorer and some other Asus software to launch. For some reason or another, I decided to resist the urge to attach an external mouse, and I've regretted it ever since. As I was working on writing this review in Google Docs, the cursor somehow decided to open an Asus utility called WinFlash, which then began to reformat the BIOS. (I'm really not even sure why this is included!) Oddly, I couldn't stop the process and before I knew it, I had a totally dead system. Yes, the trackpad actually killed the laptop".The SSD is a slow one from Sandisk and not ADATA SANDFORCE.The major problem is that the laptop is preinstalled with a lot of promotional software such as Trend Micro antivirus and other games.If you uninstall the Trend Micro antivirus, you will receive Windows Explorer problems and you will still be left with many Trend Micro plugins for IE.Asus support is the worst I've ever seen (I worked with HP, IBM, Dell, Gateway and more).Asus representative said that it's impossible to install a fresh windows installation on this laptop.The only option is to BUY the recovery DVD with the same promotional software.I've never seen a laptop without the option to install a fresh OS. This one is the first.Here is the answer of Lily Yang, Asus's representative:"Dear valued customer,Thank you for contacting ASUS Customer Service.Sorry, we don't have the SSD driver to install a fresh windows 7 OS".My suggestion is that if you plan to buy a beautiful laptop, this one is for you.If you want a useful laptop, do yourself a favor and buy a laptop you can really use, especially with normal support.
computer|I used to buy Asus productsd all the time. I recently bought a Zenbook. Great computer, until the power socket went bad. It took two weeks for them to get back to me with an RMA number. Had to pay for shipping, then the service center sent me an email saying they wanted me to pay for shipping back. Got it back, but had other problems. 6 weeks later, I have been able to use it for less than two of them. Their only answer is "Call and get an RMA and send it back for repair. They won't refund or replace it or send me a temporary to use.I will never buy Asus again.
computer|So far as I got this laptop and just used it for a while I feel it is right for me. I want to say this is what i bought first laptop although I already used several laptops in my career. But it gives me a very confortable feeling. It is quite different with others. if you're looking for a new laptop I recommend this one.
computer|I was looking for a laptop to use for work. Our company has a software program that uses a lot of RAM and as the day goes on, the more the software is used the slower it functions. So I thought that going with a SSD would help that out. Overall for my purpose it works great, but for a regular use please read comments below.Pros:Super Super fast with boot-up.3.0 USB drive is awesome for transfering things by flash drive.Ultra light-weightBattery life is great, not the 7 hours it suggest but still good.Very quietCons:USB placement next to power plug-in is tight when using flash drive.Keyboard takes a little getting used to. large keysBig mouse padDoes not come with 10 digit key pad (which I over looked when purchased and I use everyday)Does not come with CD/DVD drive, which helps with weight and dont think many people use anymoreMost irritating of all, the power button is placed right next to the "delete" button so I am frequently putting the computer into sleep mode...Errrrr
computer|I preordered this laptop back in November 2011 and received it quickly, within a week of the release date, and was immediately impressed with the form. It's gorgeous, and every bit as handsome as a MacBook Air. It's lightweight of course, and comes with a very pleasing custom sleeve. It functions as expected given the hardware, although I have had a few small issues. First was the wireless adapter, which did not work, but that was a simple fix of uninstalling and reinstalling the driver. After having used it daily for 4 months now, I have definitely noticed a decrease in battery life, but this is to be expected. The keypad is amazing, and the internal speakers are also above expectation in a device this thin. The only minor criticism I have is with the keyboard. It looks great, but somehow my fingers just don't seem to get along with it that well, and of course it would be nice if it were backlit. Aside from that, this ASUS is brilliant and I would definitely recommend it without reservation to anyone in the market for an Ultrabook.
computer|Very good computer, I have some experience with computers, (computer science works). But.. the keyboard sucks, you have to type right in the midlle.
computer|I got this back in November and I've been completely taken with how my computing habits have changed. I have a 13", 256 GB SSD, core i7 that I got from the Microsoft store when it had it's 25% off $1000+ sale, so I got mine at the ridiculously low price(including WA sales taxes) of $1085.Since then I have reinstalled windows Professional on it and been able to download all the drivers and it works like a champ. Start up time is unbelievably fast but the instant on is what gets me every single time. It's as if it never went to sleep. Everyone I've shown this too(including hardcore Macbook air fanatics) do a double take on this thing of beauty. Build quality - superb. Display - gorgeous. Battery life - stunning.I lifted my 5.6lb HP dvt6 up the other day because I had to watch a blue ray disc and play a graphics intensive game and i remember thinking - this thing weighs like a ton of bricks. I went back to the Asus and again, it was that same feeling of awe. So much power in such a svelte, light package.I can tell you this much - I have had no problems with this thing at all. the only thing I could have wished for is a backlit keyboard. Other than that, this thing is going to be with me for a loooong time to come.
computer|Ultrabooks are the new Intel-configured "standard" to compete with the Apple MacBook Air. I had been watching this space for a few months, anxious to replace my elderly XP Windows mini-tower. I finally bit when I saw all that Asus is offering for $1,099. I had a number of must-haves and like-to-haves.Must:Minimum of 1600x900 screen resolution. Asus is the only one I know of at this time that offers > 1366x768. And the screen is 450 nits (meaning it is very clear and easy to read).Solid state drive with at least 128GB.i5 or better processorFast wakeup from sleep. The UX31 is amazingly fast. Wakes up about as fast as my iPad! Unbelievable.> 6 hours of battery life. This will definitely vary based on what you're doing (e.g. watching a movie will drain the battery in &lt; 4 hours). I am a professional software developer, so I do some heavy-duty processing at times and I usually get around 5.5 hours before the UX31 warns me that I've reached 10%.Bluetooth. I'd recommend a BT mouse in addition to the trackpad. The pad isn't bad, but if you're doing a lot of typing you will occasionally move the cursor unintentionally.&lt; $1200. Intel said that Ultrabooks should be &lt; $1000, but the only ones that are so far are poor in some quality and performance areas (I won't name names, but don't confuse Asus and Acer).4GB+ of memory.Like to have:Nice looking. The UX31 is very beautiful inside and out - even the bottom! Yet is very solidly built.Quiet. This system is very quiet and doesn't get hot. The venting is in front of the speaker behind the keyboard and out the bottom.Lightweight. The UX31 is &lt; 3 lbs.What's not so good? All systems have drawbacks - here's my list for the UX31:- The keyboard isn't as good as I'd like. It's not bad, but you definitely have to type more deliberately than a "regular" keyboard.- The battery isn't user-changeable. You have to send it to Asus to service.Bottom line: I did all the research across all the companies (you should see my spreadsheet :P ) and the UX31 is the hands-down winner for this category of system.---As a side note, if you really want more than this, my larger laptop choice is the Dell XPS 15z. It is really a MacBook Pro competitor and costs a lot more than the UX31.I'd recommend the Plugable USB docking station and the Build laptop and accessories cases to go along with the UX31. All purchasable on Amazon of course!And by the way, the UX31 is in short supply. Don't give up - just keep looking. I thought I'd have to wait weeks, but I found a place with it in stock and free shipping (I had it in two days!!).
computer|I bought one 2 months ago and a couple days ago I noticed that the battery monitor was always at 68% and charging. But if you unplug it it just powers off. After restoring the thing to factory defaults etc still the same problem. I called up Asus and after 20 minutes on the phone I got the response "our RMA system is currently down could you call back". I assumed it was because they're using Asus hardware or they just overloaded it with all the zenbook RMA's. Either way I'm stuck having to now go through a return/repair process on a 2 month old laptop I needed for traveling on business out of the country. Needless to say I won't be buying anymore products from Asus. Seriously? "Our RMA system is down could you call back?" That's the last thing I ever want to hear when my laptop is sitting dead.
computer|I've had a few lower end laptops and one or two higher end laptops (at least they were when they came out) over the years, and this is easily my favorite laptop that I've owned.The good:- The build quality is great. Even though the laptop is very thin I barely notice since its materials give it a sturdy feel.- The keyboard is solid. Before ordering this laptop I was a bit worried since I had read that the keys were pretty shallow and didn't have a lot of travel. Granted, this is less of an issue for me since I tend to type heavily, so this may be more of an issue if you type lightly.- The screen is beautiful and the large resolution really make a world of difference. The large resolution makes it a lot easier for me to get work done. There can be a bit of a shallow viewing angle and if I'm showing someone something on my screen I'll often have to adjust the angle. It's not too much work.- The speed. I opted for the i5 instead of the i7 and I'm plenty happy with the speed. The SSD is quick and the laptop really does seem to boot almost instantly. I'm a software engineer and I often use this machine for work. It has no trouble running visual studio, hosting a sql server, and playing whatever media I want to listen to while getting work done. This is great for doing work on the go.- The speakers are a really nice unexpected bonus. I can't imagine needing a louder laptop than this one is capable of going. Since I'm on the go quite a bit I generally find myself using headphones anyway.- Nice included accessories are also a bonus. The sleeve that come with this is nice enough for me not to shop around for a new one. It has a magnetic flap that keeps everything secure.- Battery life is great. 7 hours is generous if you're actually doing stuff, but close to 6 with moderate brightness/usage is no problem.The bad:- As I'm sure many have mentioned the trackpad can be a bit quirky. The multi-touch gestures work well, but I don't find myself using them much. I find that I accidentally right click quite a bit, and when browsing the web it's easily to accidentally zoom in and out by doing the multi-touch gesture.- The only other issue I can't fault Asus for since I obviously read the specs before buying it, but it'd be nice to have another USB slot. If I'm using a USB mouse, and wired internet (which requires an included USB adapter), I can't pop in a flash drive without unplugging the mouse. I'm not complaining as this is easily fixable by a hub or bluetooth mouse, but it is something to keep in mind.All in all I am very happy with this purchase. The SSD is makes a world of difference. If you're really picky about touchy trackpads, I'd recommend trying one of these out in a store before buying it. I am not sure about how much more battery life the i7 eats up, or what use cases would require you to need the small amount of extra power, but unless you're someone that wants the best/fastest around just because, I can't see a reason not to go with this in favor of the more expensive model.
computer|I just got my zenbook today, and I'm typing this review with it. I so badly wanted this to work--I love the form factor, I love the battery life, and I love the speed. Here is why I couldn't give it more than two stars.1) I am a fast typist, that has used many different types of keyboards--bluetooth, laptop, notebook, netbook. This is the only keyboard I have ever had a complaint about It's not just about hitting the keys hard. You have to hit them in the middle of the key or it *may not* register. I'm not really a super picky person, but this keyboard really doesn't cut it. what a shame. One of the most important aspects of a computer is the keyboard input. And I've never really had a complaint about any other keyboard I've used.2) The sound was unbalanced, much louder on the left. I checked the windows balance settings, and they are even. I used different types of media and checked all software settings, I even called asus tech support. They said return it to Amazon because an rma will take 15 days.3) The trackpad generally worked well, but sometimes it would freeze, and not work. I tried updating drivers, but nothing seemed to help. It is terrible to be browsing the web, and have the trackpad freeze for 1-2 seconds.I did not install any additional software, I just started using the computer out of the box, and experienced the above problems. For over $1k, I expect a much better quality-controlled product. i'm really disappointed because this is exactly the kind of computer I need, but unfortunately the zenbook won't work for me. It's going back to amazon. anyone have any zenbook alternatives? MBA doesn't work because i need a windows based system.
computer|When it finally came time to replace my 10 year old Compaq laptop I wanted to something brand new and "state of the art." My requirements were light weight, tiny size and portability. I looked at a number of different models and was honestly a little apprehensive about purchasing the Zenbook given its comparatively high price and the many negative reviews.I can honestly say that I am 100% pleased with the Zenbook after having used it for three weeks now. I don't know whether the other reviewers on here are simply too picky, but I have very few complaints about this extraordinary machine. (Plus, it's design and aesthetic is spectacular - it looks even better in person than in the pictures.)To begin I'll address what seem to be the common complaints:1) The touchpad: The only problem I've encountered with it is the fact that if you're typing and haven't used the touchpad in a few minutes, it takes a split-second to respond when you go to use it again. Sure, it might be slightly annoying, but it's hardly a dealbreaker. This "problem" is so inconsequential that I haven't even bothered to update the driver like many have advised.2) The keyboard: I do an ENORMOUS amount of typing for work and am extremely picky when it comes to keyboards. After reading all the poor reviews about the Zenbook's keyboard I fully resigned myself to the fact that I might have to return this computer if the keyboard sucked. However, it doesn't. I've found the keyboard not just to be 100% functional, but actually quite spectacular. I thoroughly enjoy typing on it any don't seem to have any of the problems with missed keystrokes that previous reviewers have mentioned.3) Wireless connection: Some have complained about dropped connections, a problem that I have not encountered even once in three weeks of daily use.4) Battery life: I seem to average about 7 hours per charge with general web surfing and word processing. That only drops to about 6.5 hours when I do more CPU intense image processing and such. So I'm completely satisfied with the battery performance.I'm not a person who is easily impressed by the newest technology. Especially after reading all the negative reviews, I was quite leery about purchasing the Zenbook. Despite my initial critical view and suspicion, I have to admit that it has not just lived up to my high expectations, but likely surpassed them. I understand that many of the issues with the keyboard/touchpad likely boil down to personal preference - not everyone will like the Zenbook, but I am thoroughly satisfied with it.
computer|This review will be posted with my opinions chronologically, and will address some common gripes with the laptopWhen I first received the laptop, my only (and fairly large) complaint was about the wifi. So the wifi would hiccup and lose connection every couple minutes...which can be really aggravating. But, after installing the new driver update I have not had a single issue since. I tested this by leaving pandora on for a couple hours, and it did not stutter or hiccup but rather was working just fine.By contrast, and much to my surprise, the trackpad worked with gestures like zoom and two-finger scrolling just fine. It is actually really nice and large. You can adjust various things to suit your liking and I see no issue with it.The keyboard was something I was certainly worried about before purchasing the laptop. I followed reviews about all the ultrabooks religiously and after numerous complaints about it, I was iffy about the laptop as a whole. Yes, I will admit the keys are a bit shallow, but no problem with missed keystrokes. Before this laptop I owned an asus eee pc and I certainly had to adjust to that laptop. This one is no difference.The power button is where the delete button usually is and this is going to take getting used to. But, like the mac trackpad two-finger scrolling in the opposite direction...its just a new layout to adjust to. Lastly, the viewing angles are only so-so, but, the screen has beautiful resolution that makes up for it.Overall, if you are on the fence about this laptop get it. It is light, gorgeous, robust, and seriously fast. Boot times are top-notch; the cpu is fast; the gpu is not bad for games either (played skyrim for about 19 hours with no problems or complaints!). This laptop has seriously grown on me, and I do not regret my decision whatsoever.cheers
computer|OK. Not one to leave reviews, either negative or positive. But, just got this notebook & felt compelled to leave one. I am lucky enough to like something & just buy it. Was seriously considering MacBook Air, but have some programs that MUST run on Windows, so would need to have a dual-operating system. Loved the look/feel/weight of the Air, was gonna do it. But, then saw these Ultrabooks. Checked out the Acer one as my current laptop is an Acer. Saw that some of shell is plastic & know that my current one is starting to fall apart (my laptops typically last 2 years). Then caught wind of this Asus. Read the reviews. Bad trackpad, bad keyboard, bad wifi, no backlit keys, yada yada yada yada. Well, here is my 2 cents this this bad boy:1) This is the sexiest laptop I have every owned (probably my 6th or 7th). It blows away the Air in looks. I never thought I would say this about a stupid computer, but man oh man. My 16yo actually said it is hotter then his girlfriend! Yikes. But he is right, this thing is one hot looking laptop. Again it's only a laptop, but man oh man, people will be envious if you have one. Starbucks, here I come, LMAO....2) The screen resolution is to die for. I trade stocks and want to do so on my laptop when I can't be home for some reason. This is the screen for it. Not sure of the resolution of the Air, but I can't imagine it is better then this. The screen is simply outstanding!3) It doesn't have a backlit keyboard, but who the heck cares. Have you ever used a laptop & said to yourself "man I wish the keys lit up"? Think about it, when are you ever in a pitch black room. AND, if you are, the screen itself lights up the keyboard, so it really is a mute point & unnecessary drain of battery life.4) Out of the box, when I logged on, the Acer upgrade screen said there was a BIOS and Wifi card upgrade waiting. I upgraded both immediately. My Wifi has 100% bars. I am upstairs in my bedroom, my router is downstairs. Wifi is perfect. Hasn't dropped once. 100% Bars. 100% Perfect.5) The typing on the keyboard works 100%. I don't know what people are use to, but I have typed this entire review & made 2 corrections because I type fast & made mistakes. You don't need to pound the keys. You don't need to do anything special. It's a keyboard for crying out load and it works as it is suppose to.6) The trackpad had those special functions active. So did my Acer when I got it. Special gestures that do different things. If you truly think you can keep that on & not have the trackpad screw up, then you have had some nifty pads in the past. I have hated these new gestures since they came out and turn them off everytime. No different this this Asus. Turn off the gestures and the pad works 100%. NO ISSUES. This is out of the box with no driver update or anything.I don't know if Asus heard the compaints & made fixes or what, but I can tell you that this laptop is fast as can be, sexy as can be, functional as can be, light as can be, with an awesome screen. If you are on the fence, BUY IT, YOU WILL NOT BE DISSAPOINTED. My only complaint is that Amazon's price is not cheaper then anyone else!!! But I am dedicated to buying at Amazon, with less a focus on price...Glenn
computer|Wow, thought that I would be the one to hit the lottery with this great looking Ultrabook. Got it and it immediately started updating itself so I had fresh drivers. Never had much of a problem with the touchpad, not the most responsive but certainly usable. But the keyboard, what a POS. I am a fairly fast typer but with all missed letters, cleaning up a sentence took twice as long as typing it. Unless you looked at keyboard the and struck each key like a hammer, sentences were a total mess. And I never could seem to dial in the display where I was happy with it. Of course it would warn me if I dialed the resolution down 'it wasn't optima'l but if I dialed up the font size even slightly it would be too large and I'd have to scroll back and forth. As a result I was always straining to read. Finally, the keyboard and the display got so aggravating that I had to return it. I tried to roll back to the earliest restore point and it BSOD'd on me. A fitting end.sorry Asus, I really love your Transformer tabletI'm typing this on my new Acer Aspire S3-951-6828 13.3-Inch HD Display Ultrabook, my third Acer. Superfast, slightly thinner, 240 SSD and media reader and crazy light - all my requirements. Great keyboard, good touchpad and a beautiful display. IMO aesthetically a better looking machine all-around.
computer|Review title says it all. The poor keyboard and touchpad killed what would have otherwise been a lovely machine. As it is though, I simply can not do any work on this machine.Keyboard: I am a heavy typer and even after almost 2 hours of typing (i.e. trying to get used to the keyboard) I was still consistently missing keys here and there. By missing, I don't mean I wasn't pressing the key. I would press the key and nothing would register. The number of errors in typing I would make compared to normal increased significantly.Touchpad: I updated the BIOS and drivers for the touchpad (as well as a host of other updates including one for the wireless). The touchpad model I had was the Sentelic (there are 2, the sentelic and elantech), and the driver update I used was the most recent version 9.1.7.7, which on their download website is dated Oct 15, 2011.The driver update did help somewhat, turning what was a horrendously unusable trackpad to a subpar jittery trackpad. And in order to get the to that point, I had to turn off 'gestures' in the trackpad control panel--which means no trackpad scrolling. With all these adjustments, the trackpad still would occasionally jump from place to place, making mundane tasks nerve-racking.Franky, I simply could not do any productive work on the Zenbook. I really wanted to like this machine, but what is the point if you are constantly missing keystrokes and can't even highlight a piece of text without worrying that your cursor is going to end up on the opposite side of the screen.My overall rating was poor for the above reasons. Even though it is a nicely styled, fast machine with high res display, the cons far outweighed the pros for me.The 'Zenbook' did not give me peace of mind.
computer|I've had the asus ux31 for a few days now and I've decide to return it. I can't stand the terrible keyboard that doesn't register every keystroke. You have to type right in the very center of the keys. By the time I'm done with this sentence I've had to press the backspace 25 times because keys won't register. I took a gamble to see if the keys registering would be a problem on my laptop and I lost.
computer|This is a thing of beauty, but laptops need a few key things to really work well and these things depend on how you use it. I touch type, and I need a keyboard that does not miss keystrokes. there is nothing more frustrating in the world than to have to shift focus to making sure you are doing something differently, especially like typing. I've almost never met a keyboard I didn't like, but this one has my fingers in spasms and convulsions. the thing is it sounds like you are typing but the keystroke can make a noise, but not register. this is especially apparent on the larger keys like the enter button, but it seemed to happen randomly throughout the keyboard on various words. writing any code, especially javascript with all it's {}[]()'s was a nightmare. I think if you touch type you should really go look at one in the store and pull up a flash typing game to test how accurate your typing was. I gave it a day or two and really wanted to love it, because the screen is great with a nice pixel density.The trackpad, while not great isn't that bad. I got the elan one, and the sandisk ssd. I didn't notice any slowness on the ssd.I had a few other nitpicks like the lack of 5Ghz in wifi, the placement of the delete key right next to the power button, and the lack of backlight.The only other issue I had was with the thinness of the front, it just seemed to be pushed away with my wrists while in bed. The corners are also a bit sharp and uncomfortable.I ended up returning the ux31 and getting 25% off a series 9 at the microsoft store, and I bought it for the keyboard but the device is very nice in every other way, it also has a matte screen, it's lighter, and it has a backlight for the keyboard.
computer|So I've never reviewed anything on Amazon before but I feel compelled to review this purchase given how apprehensive I was while reading the reviews on this site and the contrast when I actually got my Zenbook-UX31e and experienced none of the issues people described.Here's what I ended up purchasingUX31E with 128GB SSD.I was hoping for the ADATA SSD since I thought they were the only ones supplying 128GB but I ended up with SanDisk. Obviously I can only comment on what I have but the SanDisk is blazing fast enough. Maybe the ADATA is faster, but I don't care.I got the Elan touchpad - had no issues with it before or after updating the drivers. However, I don't like using touchpads, not matter the laptop so I use a mouse instead. Touchpad is good enough when space is tight.Wireless - THe wireless did drop a couple of times in the first hour - and I was concerned. I switched from Wireless N network to Wireless B/G and have had no problems. I'll try the N again when I get back. Not a deal breaker since I'm mostly using this at cafe's and very few have Wireless N.Keyboard - Ok - everyone complained about the keyboard. How hard it is to type etc. I had 0 problems from the very beggining. Yes they have less travel than the macbook air's. Did not matter to me. Maybe my finger strength is ridiculous - I don't think so. Sometimes people exaggerate the problems they have when the write reviews. Like people who complained they need to hold the FN key down to change brightness - really. Come on.Ok - Now to the fun part.Build Quality - Wow!!! Solid aluminum.Industrial Design - Holy crap!! - I'm not a big mac guy but they know how to make hardware. Finally, so does someone on the PC side. This thing will turn heads, be different etc. Beautiful piece of kit.Battery life - Will exceed 8 hrs the way I'm using it. Browsing, light photoshop, development. I'm at 81% with 6hrs and 51 mins to go as I type this review.Performance - Not a single hicccup. In fact, I had 3 different installs going at the same time - A game, Photoshop and 7zip and no stutters while browsing.Sound - Amazing. Can't wait to blow away my friends with Macbook Air's and Pro's.
computer|Did a ton of research on this laptop before biting the bullet. There were quite a few complaints and many of them were common and recurring...It does seem as though the UX31 ships with different parts which may be a deal breaker for some. However I fell in love with this laptop after playing around with it at a local Best Buy and decided to take a chance...I plan on using this for school, internet browsing etc - so my needs aren't very rigorous. The main selling points were the look and feel and the light weight. It was just one of those things I had to have. Originally I was thinking about the Transformer Prime but in reality, based on my needs: note taking, MS Office, and portability - an ultrabook made more sense.So - common complaints:1) Keyboard sucks: I actually like it. It is a more shallow key press but I got used to it in the 10 mins that I tested it at Best Buy. I have an occasional missed keystroke but I always do when I type fast. Although I have to admit, I am missing more strokes as I'm typing this out than I'm used to...2) Trackpad sucks: once again, I like it. I demo'd the MacBook Air and it has an amazing trackpad - but I have the Elan pad and it does the job. No issues, not a big track pad user to begin with - usually I plug in a wireless mouse but I may just stick with the track pad on this one. Straight out of the box, no tweaks or updates needed (so far...) (The Sentelic track pad I tested on the Best Buy unit seemed fine to me as well)3) Wifi range sucks: Speed is comparable to my old laptop, no dropped connections, range is just as good. I did update these drivers though. My office/work space is in the basement and my wireless router is on the main floor across the home - but no issues though. I'm pretty confident it will be fine when I take it on the road too.So in my experience, the 1st 3 issues are non-issues. HOWEVER...There are 2 different SSD drives shipped on the UX31 and it's a crap shoot as to which one you get...Apparently I got one with the slow SSD drive - the Sandisk U100 128gb version...The better/faster one would have been made by Adata...When I saw the Sandisk sticker on the box, I was a little disappointed and I actually thought about sending it back to Amazon...but then I thought about what I was going to be using it for and what I was upgrading from so I decided to give it a shot anyway. I honestly can't tell if it's slow(er) than the Adata drive because I've never had one to compare it to. I ran the AS SSD benchmark test and got comparable results to many of the other users who were unhappy with the SSD drive...but for everyday use - based on how I use my computer - this machine will work just fine. I am disappointed though that customers will pay the same amount of $ and get varying degrees of performance on the UX31 - it's just the principle of it all that bothers me.Overall though - very pleased...I'll come back and update the review if I need to but I'd rate it 4/5 (with 1 point off for the different internal parts - at least make them all the same way right?!)
computer|First of all this Ultrabook is an amazing machine, lightweight, beautiful, and I loved it EXCEPT the following three things which lead me to return it.There are 3 issues you will read all over the internet about this laptop, I will attempt to explain them all.1) THE KEYBOARD: You will love it or hate it. I personally loved it, very responsive an accurate. However if you drag your fingers across the keys you will hate it because the keys are not deep like say the macbooks, they are sensitive. Regardless of what you read the keyboard issue/non-issue is SUBJECTIVE, there is nothing wrong with the keyboard, it is completely personal preference whether you will like it or not. My suggestion, try typing and if you pick up your fingers when you type you will be just fine, if you drag your fingers across the keys to press the next key, then this may be an issue for you2) THE WIFI: It's slow, but not unbearable. Better hardware/software is needed. On my 5mb/sec speed connection I could only get 500kb/sec on downloads. In contrast my old laptop could get full speed. I'm unsure if this is a hardware constraint b/c of the slim design, a power saving feature (although I turned off power saving and got the same speeds plugged in), or a hardware issue. Driver updates so far do not improve the speed.3) THE TOUCHPAD: This is the biggie and ultimately the reason I returned my UX31E Ultrabook. ASUS really skimped here on the hardware to save a few dimes and has been getting nailed all over the internet for it. The units seem to come somewhat randomly with either a Sentelic or Elantech touchpad. The Elantech seems to have less issues but is still a bit buggy. Unfortunately mine came with the Sentelic touchpad. I worked as a computer tech for years so I'm quite handy and understand how to work around most computer issues, but this one is unfixable, it's defective hardware. I tried updating drivers, uninstalling, using windows drivers, reinstalling, everything possible but nothing can fix the buggy Sentelic touchpad. I feel it must be a hardware defect. It jumps around a bit randomly (annoying), and the left button registers as a right button click about 1/3rd of the time, making it frustrating at best, unusable at worst. Ultimately I found it completely unusable.In summary I loved this ultrabook but I would avoid it until they fix the defective touchpad hardware with another vendor, and tweak the software more. It's not ready for prime-time, it's more like a beta release.
computer|Made this investment on a Asus ultrabook after studying the different options in the market. Had to chose between Macbook Air and Asus and finally decided on Asus for the simple reason that the OS (windows) was more familiar to me (the screen resolution and performance on Asus is higher than Air but you will not notice it during daily tasks)The Zenbook will definitely please anyone in the looks department (inspired from Air anyways) and the screen and performance are top notch. Evaluation on specific parameters is outlined:The product out of the box is pretty mediocre with Touchpad set at a very low motion rate and without updated driver and this should be the first thing you do as soon as you get the product (go to asus support page, auto detect your system and look for touch pad driver). The touchpad is slightly better once u have made these changes but definitely non on par with the best touchpad's available in other modelsYou will also miss page up/ down keys if you are planning to review lengthy documents, but then omission of these keys does give the keyboard a rather elaborate appearance (good or bad depends on your individual work requirements). Also, did notice issues with the keyboard in registering certain key presses ("O" specifically).Screen is pretty good and comes with glossy finish (once again depends on individual preferences). I however did not face any issues with viewing angles or clarity. Contrary to some of the concerns posted in this forum, i did not face any issues with Wireless signal strength either. The camera included in this model however is pretty mediocre with average image clarity and lag (folks planning to have lengthy video conferences will be better off with a external web cam). That said, the face recognition feature is pretty sweet, you open the system and you get authenticated even before u start providing you login credentials (and my wife loves it for the personalized feel that it provides)In summary, a rather good investment of anyone who requires Windows for their work needs but require the lightness and performance of the MacBook Air. Also, the release of Windows 8 down the line (expect Q4 of 2012) should not affect your decision since Microsoft has gone on record that Windows 8 is backward compatible (anyways the technical specs on this beauty should allow installation of any OS).Would have given this product a perfect 5, but for the touchpad...
computer|i bought this laptop yesterday and spent a lot of time exploring it. i do not have any technical background but here are my layman observations1. the keyboard is quite difficult to use. it just doesn't pick up on the typing quite as well as my old HP elite had. results in many spelling mistakes.2. speakers - i was really looking forward to advertised high sound quality but what i have is a constant metallic vibration coming out from the speakers - i emailed the technical support regarding this so lets see if there is any resolution to this problem. i already downloaded the audio update available on asus website3. the trackpad - i downloaded the new drivers and it is better but still quite unstable - good enough for web browsing but moving files around picking up and dropping to folders etc - rather hard and the pointer just goes out of controlthe computer is really good looking and seems to perform well otherwise so it is really quite sad that those peripheral issues have such a big negative impact on the overall experience.i hope to hear from asus - if not this beautiful laptop may be getting returned. what a shame
computer|I had a lot of the same opinions as other commenters. The physical hardware is excellent -- there's no flex anywhere, and it's beautiful to look at. Plenty of computing power and a VERY nice 1600x900 resolution screen which was the main reason I bought this.Now for the negatives -- the keyboard is going to take some getting used to. It seems like you have to press unnecessarily hard on the keys to get them to register. Pressing any key individually is not an issue, but when trying to type quickly you'll find that you start missing keystrokes. It seems to happen most often when you just catch the corner of a key -- even though you feel the key depress, it won't trigger the sensor. It's not nearly as typing-friendly as the Lenovo T61 I had before.The touchpad isn't great, but I don't have the same problems others have complained about. It seems to work well enough, although I do find that I miss having a row of buttons on the top of the trackpad like the Lenovo had. I also occasionally touch the touchpad with my thumbs or palm while typing which causes the cursor to click where it currently is. Kind of annoying.Good selection of ports for a laptop of this incredibly thinness, and the wireless works well as does the battery. Overall I like the computer, and I'll just have to see if typing gets easier with time.
computer|MAJOR ISSUES with this product. It gets random Blue Screen of Death errors and then it automatically goes into an infinite restart loop to BIOS unless I do a manual shut off. The first time it happened (3/2012) was within 3 months of buying it and it got so bad that my SSD (Sandisk) died and I had to send it back to ASUS. (Thank goodness for Dropbox cloud syncing for backing up my important files!)And now this Blue Screen of Death error started occurring a SECOND time (5/2012). Their tech support wants me to do a factory reset to see if the errors occur again before I have to send it out again. I'm sure the same thing is going to happen and I will have to send it out.It seems that when I leave my Zenbook on for extended periods of time (overnight, on all day, and even on standby) is when the system starts freezing up, crashing, Blue Screen error, and infinite restart loop to BIOS.I have an Asus 1000HE netbook from 2009 and a Compaq Presario 6000 from 2002 that are both still fully functional even after extensive use (computer on overnight doing tasks and on standby for as long as a month) so this is EXTREMELY FRUSTRATING that this "new" ultrabook I bought has continued to disappoint me and consume so much of my time as I try to resolve these computer issues every 2-3 months. I should have just spent the extra $200 at the time of purchase (12/2011) for a Macbook Air. I've never owned a Mac, but I hear they're more reliable and never has these kinds of issues.BOTTOM LINE: Stay away from this product! Not worth the time, effort, energy, and headache.
computer|I don't want to do this, but after three months I must say that I am disappointed with my beautiful ASUS. The problem is that the key pad has had a number of keys that do not consistently respond to touch. I have tolerated because I just stay busy. I have, until today, been able to quickly back up and type the letter/number again. Today, the "j" gave out totally. I am stranded!The track pad - I don't know the reason. I have tried updating software. There seems to be no way that I can consistently control the track pad. One finger, two fingers - the pad seems to randomly have a mind of its own.I am out a lot of cash, I have productive time, and I don't have now an operational lap top. Use your own judgement.
computer|The Asus Zenbook is a sleek, fast and rock solid product. I'm sure you know how thin it is, but it's also incredibly sturdy as well. I've owned it for almost a month now with no problems. This "ultrabook" turns MILFs' and highschool girls' heads alike when I whip it out at a Starbucks or Panera Bread. I was originally looking for a budget laptop (under $500), but after using a friend's Macbook Air, and then seeing the Zenbook in person at a retail store, I was sold on the idea of an ultra-slim laptop. The Zenbook vs the Macbook Air was an easy choice, considering the Zenbook costs 250 less than the Air AND comes with a year of accidental damage coverage. I know people are complaining about the keyboard not having enough travel time or forcing you to hammer on it, but I haven't noticed this. I write for a living and have no problem with the keyboard. All new keyboards take some adjusting to. I also use the Zenbook for music producing and laptop DJing and it's sleek design, portability and speed really come in handy. Who cares that it only has 4gb of ram, the combination of the latest i5 and the SSD make this thing fly! It's even replaced my homemade overclocked gaming desktop as my main system, due to its great boot up time and SSD. I got a model with the Elantech touch pad, and it has been as good as any other newer PC laptop I've used, but not as good as the Macbook. But what PC has a touchpad as good as a Mac? Uh-huh... that's what I thought. I use a wireless mouse with it, anyways, so it's not a big deal. The screen, at its 1600x900 resolution, is absolutely amazing, but I feel like it could have been a bit larger. I was a little surprised by how thick the bezel(border)is around the screen. The lack of backlit keyboard doesn't bother me at all. How many of you people need to see your keys while you are typing? The 128GB SSD (about 80gb usable) is definitely enough space for applications. For everything else, I bought a 1.5 TB Seagate external GoFlex USB 3.0 "ultra-portable" hard-drive for $150, which wasn't as fast as I expected. Max USB 3.0 transfer speeds to this HD are about 60mb/s, which is a good 2x the USB 2.0, but no where near the 10x faster that they claim USB 3.0 can achieve. I can't be sure if this is the Zenbook's fault or the external HD (or both). I wish it had more USB ports, but a 4 port bus-powered USB 2.0 hub was only $5, so it's not a problem. There is one tiny spot above the "pause/break" key that gets pretty warm, but it's amazing how cool the Zenbook stays under load. I bought a mini-HDMI to normal HDMI cable for $3, because the display port to VGA adapter that came with the Zenbook just wasn't cutting it. I was getting slightly blurry images on my external monitor with the included adapter. Speaking of included stuff, the case is great looking and offers some structural support, not that the sturdy Zenbook needs it. The wireless is fine. I have done many large transfers over my network, and haven't had a problem. The bloatware isn't a problem and is easily uninstalled/disabled. Don't go on an uninstalling rampage, though, because I've heard people having major problems when they uninstalled the power-management software. The battery life is amazing as advertised, but I've noticed that it really cranks down the CPU when it isn't plugged in. I'm sure that is a setting that can be changed at your discretion, though. This is a great computer, and if you had your heart set on an ultra-portable, the Zenbook is the best choice. By far. Most of the problems that people are having with the Zenbook are due either to their nerdy over-sensitivity or their unnerdy lack of knowledge. This will be considered one of the last great laptops before tablets completely take over.
computer|The construction and the build quality of the body is fantastic. Unlike other ultrabooks, the display doesn't wobble and feels very secure. Everything from the featured ports, touchpad size, keyboard layout is very good, except I hit the power button on the keyboard since there is usually a DEL button on most other keyboards. One of the best thing is the resolution of 1600x900, superb!The biggest disappointment was the touchpad and the keyboard. I noticed myself missing certain keys consistently, such as N, period, Z, yes many of the lower keys. The reason is that you REALLY have to press the key in a certain angle for the stroke to be registered. So, even if the keys are pressed down completely, it won't register depending on which part of the key you are pressing it and at what angle. You could adjust your typing style or stroke strongly to combat this, I couldn't. Having been typing in the same manner for the past 15 years, it was not possible...especially when trying to type in 65+wpm speed or trying to type in password.The touch pad is crazy. Many people have said that it has mind of its own. I agree. Mine had a &Eacute;lan touchpad. The problem is that the touchpad randomly but VERY consistently registered a simple "one finger - move a cursor" action as "double tap and hold" or similar action. This means that depending on where the cursor is, putting a finger back on the touchpad results in tab closure, text/object selection, unwanted scrolling, and unwanted object copying....At least that's what i experienced. I dedicated an hour to test this out by absolutely making sure that only one finger is on the touchpad or anywhere close to it. The test results convinced me that it was the touchpad.There also is a TON of things on the SSD already that will give you less than 100GB of space right out of box. i wish the system recovery partition was provided separately or at least easier to move out of the main drive. After moving only my iTunes library costing me additional 30, I realized it looked a little too small. But I imagine most users should be fine.If you arent a fast typist and just want to use it as a portable entertainment center or an occasional web browsing machine, then it would be fine. But in that case....i'd consider buying a tablet like iPad or android instead. If you need a machine for traveling or for doing some work, then I wouldn't recommend it. Don't get me wrong, both keyboard and the touchpad work ok. It's just that their erratic behavior became soooooooooo annoying after only a few days and affected my focus. Not to mention ASUS support didn't even respond my email regarding the touchpad.I returned mine just yesterday after 10 days. I'm going to miss the 1600x900 on 13", but getting rid of that annoying key and the pad was nothing but satisfying......sadly.
computer|The Asus Zenbook UX31E is probably one of the most aesthetically pleasing ultrabook/notebooks that I have ever come across. The entire notebook (with exception of the screen bezel and keyboard) is machined from aluminum. The outside of the lid is a different color than the rest of the ultrabook, but it is an amazing titanium color that clearly shows the swirl marks of the machining process. The entire weight of the ultrabook is just under (3) three pounds, but feels slightly heavier (in my humble opinion).The ultrabook comes with (1) one USB 2.0 port, (1) one USB 3.0 port, a Multimedia Card Secure Digital (MMC/SD) reader slot, one micro-HDMI, and a micro-VGA port that seems to be proprietary - meaning that the port is for a VGA adapter. Within the packaging, there is also a USB to Ethernet adapter in case there is a need to use an Ethernet cable. The packing also includes a nice sleeve for the Zenbook as well as the usual packing that comes with most other notebooks. If admiring packing is your thing, you will be impressed considering the packing is just as aesthetically pleasing as the Zenbook.The power supply has a nice small footprint, but the shape of it can be rather cumbersome when it comes to plugging it into surge protectors or just a regular outlet for that matter. For many that are on the road, this can be a rather serious problem, and hopefully a third party vendor will come up with a better solution, or you can simply use a small extension cord. The keyboard is spaced well and has a nice clicking sound (not as bad as mechanical keyboards). Furthermore, the keys have a nice pressure associated with it, and unlike many other reviews, I have not noticed any keyboard malfunction. That said, there is one issue that may be concerning for some -- the power button is part of the keyboard and its location above the backspace button. For people that have larger fingers, they may accidently tap the power button, and depending on your environmental settings, can put the Zenbook to sleep.The screen is fantastic and has excellent clarity with a max resolution 1600x900. Although I am not a fan of glossy screens, I do not seem to notice much or any glare (yet). The sound is fantastic for such small speakers, and in my humble opinion are some of the best speakers that I heard coming from notebooks and ultrabooks. The video performance is good; however, do not expect to be able to play demanding games and other applications that require a more powerful video card. It is important to note that this is by no means a desktop replacement.There have been many negative reviews as to the touch pad. Asus decided to use two different touchpad vendors resulting in poor performance. In addition, the end-user does not have the option to pick and choose what touchpad to purchase resulting in units being shipped with different touchpads. Mine came with the Elan touchpad. When I first started using the touchpad, I did notice some lag, but after updating the drivers, this was resolved.Another issue that seems to be concerning to many users is the Atheros built in wireless adapter. Apparently, many are losing their wireless connection and/or getting a weak signal. I also noticed this problem and it was resolved with a driver update.As many already know, PC vendors will install a lot of annoying bloatware. The Zenbook does come with its fair share of bloatware, and an easy way to resolve this is to download a free program called PC Decrapifier [...] that will allow you to uninstall these programs much easier than going through programs and features.The battery life is acceptable and it is safe to say that you should get a solid (4) four plus hours and even more depending on the individual preference of environmental settings. It is also important to note that the Zenbook Solid State Drive (SSD) comes in two different flavors - mine came with the SanDisk SSD U100. The other is the faster ADATA Sandforce. Furthermore, these are not your typical SATA SSD drives (such as the OCZ Vertex series), so do not expect the Input/Output Operations Per Seconds (IOPS) to be earth shattering. That said, it is much faster than 7,200 RPM SATA mechanical drives, and you will see a significant difference in performance in boot times (POST) as well as applications loading faster. In addition, I do not see a way to increase memory - there are no SO DIMM slots which can be concerning for some. That said, all this is necessary to keep the Zenbook's footprint to be equivalent to the Apple MacBook Air.In conclusion, the Asus Zenbook is a fantastic ultrabook that is an eye opener for those that want the MacBook Air footprint, but do not want to be associated with MAC products and price. As you can see, there are more pros than cons, and the negatives such as the touchpad and wireless can be resolved with a driver update. For the price, I find this to be a nice solution for individuals that are looking for a portable solution for both business and entertainment that are in the $800.00-$1,200.00 enthusiast ultrabook/notebook range that want a powerful, but slim and compact solution.
computer|The wireless adapter is the pits.Tried, downloading all the drivers,tried all the KB's and double checked all the settings.It turns on and off on its own, loses it's connection repeatedly.Asus support was no help.It loses its wireless connection even when it is only two feet from my wireless modem.Signal shows fine, They need to fix this!!!! a notebook needs to have a solid functioning wireless connection!! With only two USB ports. I use one for a mouse, and the other for my USB hub, to connect all the rest of my perpherals. Now I have to use both of my available USB's when away from my hub so I can use a USB external wireless adapter. It would have been better if they put two USB2's side by side, with the USB 3 on the opposite side because ASUS Blue Ray recorder needs to USB's (without a powered hub)to functionThe rest of the computer works just Great.It was a eye opener for me the difference between a ultrabook,and a notebook, you have to carry around so many extra things like a powered hub, memory sticks, flashcards, BD/DVD drive, mouse, hard drive backup etc. kinda defeats the purpose of ultra portability.PattyB
computer|I didn't purchase this notebook here sadly, but I will post my thoughts. Many complain about the screen, touchpad, and keyboard. I don't seem to have any issues with my device. I bought this primarily for school. I wanted something super thin that has great battery life and doesn't take up much space. The design and build quality is beautiful, I personally think it looks better than an Apple Air. I will admit though, the touchpad and keyboard will take some getting used to.Touchpad - Works well. Not a gesture user, so sadly disabling them also disables scrolling, no scrolling with one finger feature.Keyboard - Soft, but you can tell that you are pressing the keys. Again, you will get used to this over time.Build quality - Perfect, the guys at BestBuy took it out for me too look at before buying (no display model) and they were blown away. Tried to sell me a case and I said it came with one. They were shocked.Hard Drive performance - WOW!! never owned an SSD and I was blown away, averages almost 300mb/sec on AC with no tweaks to the performance.Screen - Looks great. Yes it is glossy. Yes you may not like it. I don't mind. This is also the only 13" ultrabook that features a 1600*900 display resolution.Boot time - It literally boots from standby faster than I can open the screen, Incredible. Cold boots are in the 6-8 second range if you don't have a password.Overall, I'm very happy with mine. Did my homework and this was the best of the ultrabook. The aluminum finish sold me, while it may be heavier it makes the device much more appealing. I highly recommend the UX31 for anyone looking for a slim and sleek laptop that doesn't take up much space.
computer|This is my first Asus notebook. Asus have been well known for their high quality motherboards, video cards and netbooks for many years. I decided to give their notebook a try. Overall it is a very good product but there are some minor flaws preventing it from being a great one.This ultrabook has a strikingly sexy look with its razor-sharp thinness and beautiful brushed metal finish. To me it looks more elegant than a Macbook Air. The i5 CPU and 4GB memory are adequate. Not surprisingly, the SSD hard drive makes booting and waking from sleep very fast. Sound quality is superb for such a small machine, and unlike what some other reviews say, WIFI instantly works out of box. The keyboard, which many others complained about, also works fine for me. Certainly not the best keyboard I had but does decent job.There are merely two things I'm not satisfied with: first, the touchpad. Even after updating to the latest driver, the touchpad still can't match the ones in my previous laptops. To me the biggest issue is from the two buttons integrated to the pad. Though they look big, the actual working area are quite small. If you are not clicking on the very bottom of them, you will have a jumpy cursor. The second issue is the power button. It's been integrated to the keyboard where the DELETE key usually sits. You could hit that button by accident a lot if you are not used to this kind of layout.To summarize, it is a very beautiful thing and I like it a lot. For a significantly lower price than Macbook Air you can have a comparable ultrabook running Windows. The touchpad and the location of the power button are flawed but I think I can live with it. Finally, pity this one doesn't come with a backlit keyboard but this isn't a flaw, just something I wish it could have.
computer|I have tried several ultra-book, and this one is the best Windows based ultra-book on the market. It does two rough edges that keep it from being a perfect computer. Although it borrows heavily from the Apple Air, it does have a design uniqueness all its own (brushed swirl pattern on chassis).The good...1. Very light, it is going to be nice to travel with this machine.2. Great battery life, standby time is extra ordinary3. Great hardware specs (i5 + SSD + screen size)4. Comfortable large keyboard, firm and able to take my hard style of typing. Also like the key layout, but would have loved it if it included a pgup/pgdown key set.5. Beautiful fit and finish6. Case, network and video accessories included, you don't have to shell out extra $$$$7. Great sound.Rough edges...1. The trackpad does have design flaws, it jumps if you click in a certain way or if your right hand inadvertently touches the touch-pad. But I am now used to how to avoid the jump. I don't even notice that I have adapted. The main problem is that the touch-pad is too large, and your right hand easily encroaches onto its space. On Windows7, the touch-pad driver appears to be detecting a valid touch vs an invalid touch, but on Ubuntu the problem is really annoying due to the lack of a driver that handles the inadvertent touches.2. Network card is a bitslow. Very similar to the wifi card in tablets ( android/ipad).Unrelated to the product...Delivery was super fast. Got it next day. It is rare that next days actually equals next day.
computer|This ultra notebook outperforms others in its class, hands down.Comparing the cost to a MacBook Air 13.3", if you add up the peripherals and warranty that come with this computer versus what Apple charges for the comparable items, this computer is $310 cheaper than a MacBook Air.Great machine. Loving it.
computer|Let me say that I love this ultrabook, now. It wasn't so at first. Like everyone else has mentioned, out the box, the touchpad and wifi card were absolutely horrible. The touchpad was jittery and unpredictable and the wifi kept dropping. After updating the drivers, the touchpad was fine but wifi was still wonky. Furthermore, it kept failing to install the drivers directly from the website. It would only work from ASUS instant update app that was preloaded. After I got it all sorted, this thing worked like a charm. Everything is super fast: reboots, sleep mode, and app installs. Simply fast...and superbly thin.I will be the first to admit that ASUS blatantly stole from MacBook Air styling, but they did a brilliant job and though I love Mac industrial design, I don't necessarily want a Mac. The Zenbook combines that style but with an OS I prefer, Winodws 7. Additionally, the battery life is decent - 6 hours or so at half brightness, cool short cut keys( fn spacebar cycles power modes) and ssd drive(fast).Even though I love this laptop, I had to change the way I compute to deal with limited storage. SSD is expensive and I bought the cheapest model so I only have 128gb to play with. If you factor in the restore partition, OS and requisite bloatware(minimal)and you are left with 70~80GB. Don't let this get you down - utilize cloud computing! I use FREE Microsoft Skydrive. It gives you 25GB, but that's not the selling point. The cool thing is you get the cloud version of Office 2010. It has most if not all features of the local version, but I get to save precious space by using the cloud vs my limited ssd drive. Music and video? Put those on the cloud, too. I use a free program called Orb. You install it to your home desktop and it will transcode video automatically on-the-fly and will adjust according to bandwidth. I stream mkv files over my 3G and it looks very decent and more than acceptable. Now I have access to all 1TB of my movies and music while keeping my Zenbook free for other apps that are not on the cloud.All I can say is this laptop is great. Sure, you can buy a cheaper laptop with more ram and larger disk space you won't get the aesthetics and battery life of a Zenbook.
computer|I bought this from Amazon Marketplace, as a product in "like new" condition... but there was a large scratch in the beautiful aluminum lid, and the system kept rebooting to windows recovery mode every time I opened the lid... BUT, it's a beautiful system, is extremely fast, and amazingly light. In spite of the problems (I returned the UX31 to the box and sent it back within about an hour), I ordered another one immediately... and without hesitation.Keyboard: I found no problems with it, except that the keys are actually large... I'd rather see smaller keys with a number pad to the right... there's definitely room. The distance between the Q and P keys on the UX31 are exactly the same as my Microsoft Natural Keyboard, which is a large keyboard. One of my "wish list" items was a backlit keyboard... this does not have a backlit keyboard... but Asus was BRILLIANT by making the keys aluminum, so at night the light from the screen actually lights up the keys perfectly.Oh, here's the most amazing part of this - the speaker is the most beautiful sounding speaker I've ever heard in any laptop, netbook, ultrabook, or phone... rich, deep, and LOUD. The sound is phenomenal considering the size of this system... and it doesn't hurt that this system is about 20% faster than a macbook air, a little smaller, and has a much, much, much better display.Wish list items: full size HDMI and ethernet ports please, plus WiDi... WiDi is showing up in everything, so I'm baffled at why this wasn't included here, we're talking about a little $3 part to add to the system.I'll update when the next system comes in...UPDATE January 9th, 2012------------------------Welllll.... got the replacement in. Again, I bought from Amazon Marketplace as a Warehouse Deal. This one arrived with no scratch, but it is still rebooting when closing and reopening the lid, and rebooting when I click on the windows logon icon. So, I'm writing with it now, but will be returning this one on Monday morning. I got the Blue Screen of Death each time. At this time, I'm going to return this and just wait for the next version to come out. Oh yeah, I did update the BIOS and video drivers and touchpad driver and everything else... and still no solution to the problem. A lot of Asus updates I downloaded said "can only be used on an asus computer" so I have a feeling that when the device was wiped and the SSD was re-imaged, that they just put a non-Asus image on the hard drive. Very frustrating.What will I do now? Go back to my Asus Eee Pad Slider or my Asus netbook - both have been surprisingly wonderful, but the UX31, wonderful in design but not wonderful in function. Perhaps I'll go an ultrabook from someone else... and I never, ever, ever thought I'd be saying this, but perhaps I'll be getting a macbook Air. I do everything on the web now, so why not just go for it. I was an Apple fanboy in the 1980s until the pc world got me... eesh. I love Android for phones and tablets, and pc's for a home computer, this would be a huge change for me.Final thing - the keyboard does suck at registering keys and has missed so many during this review (my only real attempt at typing on this because I haven't had much time with it) that this alone would drive me absolutely nuts.UPDATE JANUARY 9TH, 6:20PM==========================...and it's gone - I packed it up and returned it to Amazon today. Argh... the look and feel of this was sooooo nice, but it just had too many problems. Well, at least there are a bunch of ultrabooks on the market now, and the next version of the Macbook Air should be out in a few weeks.
computer|I paid over $1,000.00 for this and it is an awful computer.. The figures on the keyboard re worn out, you have to bang very hard on certain letters to use them. I got no response from the seller or from ASUS. I would not recommend this to anyone...
computer|The ASUS laptop is a great mobile PC to compare with Apple's MacBook Air. Fast with with a great Display screen resolution 1600x900 pictures and games are crisp and clear. With the Intel Core i5 processor there is plenty of power to do moderate gamming and any business job like e-mail, internet, and on-line confrenceing with the built in camera and microphone.The instant ON feature is awsome I can open the laptop and be running in 1-2 seconds. WIFI seems to be good but I'm surprised that the wifi won't connect to my home wifi at 5Ghz only 2.4Ghz wireless spectrum.I love the huge mouse pad,and the aluminum skin on the entire laptop is great. I was worried about fingerprrints on the aluminum case , but was surprised that the case didn't track fingerprints that were visible, keeping the skin looking nice at all times.I would deffinetly suggest anyone that was looking at a MacBook Air to seriously take a look at the ASUS ZenBook. so far it's been great, even the battery liffe I got 6.5 hours of run time watching a couple of movies.
computer|I was very excited about this laptop but after the first use I found lot of issues. Mainly the sound system and the Keypad.The Keys aren't very comfortable to type either.It's not worth the money. I'm stuck with this product since the Seller "Adorama Camera" isn't ready to refund the product or exchange it with a new one.I would say Do not buy this. Even you really are interested like i was initially buy it either from the best buy stores or wherever they have a full refund policy.I'm 100% sure you won't be satisfied by the product too.
computer|The lcd screen came with trouble. It has a terrible resolution (with stripes on the left and right side) and it freezes when i move the computer. Some buttons also started to fell off. It's a new computer, but it came broken! Amazon.com and asus are terrible!ASUS Zenbook UX31E-DH52 13.3-Inch Thin and Light Ultrabook (Silver Aluminum)
computer|First off, I want to say I do like the aesthetics of this laptop. It's got pretty much what I need and I think its design is impressive.BUT here are the problems, both of which are going to make me return this. Asus, I hope you're listening because this is going to keep happening unless you truly address this issue with your customers.1. Wireless is nearly useless. I did SEVERAL tests on this. I have three laptops: an old Dell inspiron, the new Acer Inspire Ultrabook, and this Asus UX13E. I have 6 computers in my house all hard wired into my fiber optic broadband line via a router. My computers vary from 3 macs, Macbook, Dell, custom made rigs, and of course tablets. I have some serious stuff wired in my house and I did both wired and wireless tests, Asus UX13E against everything I have. Results: ASUS UX31E was the WORST in all download categories. The other laptops blew it away on wireless download speeds, even a 5 year old Dell. What I noticed was that it would seem like the UX31e would burst initially with a strong download rate and then within a matter of 10 seconds, you could literally watch the bits/sec crawl to something you would expect on a 44kbps modem. A 150 meg file would take upwards of 40 minutes if you wanted to wait that long. And an MP3 file that was 7 megs would take at times nearly ten minutes. The rate would just keep falling and falling to where you had no choice but to cancel the download. This is unacceptable. I flashed the BIOS to the latest version from the ASUS website, downloaded the latest driver from their website, got rid of their Power4Hybrid utilities that manage power settings, turned power to the wireless adapter to max even while on battery only, and the results were the same regardless of the various combinations. It's just not practical. Could you imagine trying to stream Amazon HD to this laptop? You couldn't unless you walked away for several hours to let it download. I also ran DSLReports speed tests to and from servers from Los Angeles, New Jersey, and Texas. Download rates were consistently less than 250kbytes on a burst and I have a 20megabyte pipe. And again, all the other machines hooked up performed within their expected ranges consistently (and no I didn't run the tests all at once, I ran tests one unit at a time so the bandwidth was 100% available to the computer being tested).2. The touchpad is way too big. I don't know who's brilliant idea this was but it doesn't need to be that big because it gets in the way constantly. Yes, I turned on the function where you type and the touchpad won't react to accidental palm swipes. Yes, I adjusted the sensitivity area to reactivate it. And I played with every setting known to man and yes, I did use the latest driver. Still, it didn't live up to the experience that that Macbook has for touchpad ergonomics. Period.For an otherwise beautiful machine, it blows my mind that ASUS went with the cheapest components for arguably the most important features of an ultrabook. People who buy these things are going to have a certain standard they expect companies to achieve. Apple gets it right time and time again, and while I am a Windows 7 fan, it just makes me mad as **** that none of these PC manufacturers can get it right.As a side note: the ACER ultrabook has an even worse touchpad. I mean it does feel like someone just glued a piece of plastic there and it wobbles and you get this false sense that you've clicked when you haven't. So it's going back too.So I am very disappointed because I have been waiting forever for this laptop. Had ASUS put in a good touchpad and not gone with a piece of crap wireless adapter, they would have done great. But because of reviewers like me, who demand better from the garbage that's being produced for PC users, reviews like this will become more common place.And yes, I tried to call ASUS. Has anyone gone to their website lately? When you try to get US phone numbers to contact them, they have a link that says "click here" and when you do, it goes to a page with an error. And yes, i tried it from three different web browsers, IE, Firefox, and Chrome, so the link it just dead from ASUS's own corporate website.So in conclusion, it's a new product with faults and if you can wait, just wait until they have been out for 6 - 8 months and let others mess with it and work out the bugs.I'm going to get my money back and throw it at the new Lenovo ultrabooks and see how they compare.Hope this saves at least one person the 5 hours of hell I went through trying to trouble shoot this thing to the standards it should have out of the box.Good luck.***UPDATE: 10/29/11 @ 5:25PM EST***I returned the first ASUS UX31E and ACER Ultrabooks this morning. They had one UX31E left in stock so I decided to give it another shot and exchange the one I got yesterday for another brand new ASUS UX31E. Perhaps I just had a defective one (just got my money back on the Acer Inspire; didn't even want to try another one from them). So I get home and unpack another UX31E and guess what?SAME PROBLEM. This time I got smart and bought a wireless D-Link USB WiFi adapter (DWA-131) and told myself I would only use this if I could not get the internal wireless to work. Folks, I tried and tired, and it was actually worse than the first UX31E I had gotten yesterday.I installed the drivers for the external USB WiFi adapter, plugged it into the USB port, disabled the internal WiFi adapter, and now.....I have great Wifi.So, in order to use the UX31E, there is a strong chance that there is a fundamental hardware problem with the internal wifi adapter (software updates do NOT resolve this and if they do, it is a temporizing effect that does not withstand prolonged wifi use) and you will have to get a USB WiFi adapter in order to use this ultrabook.Am I going to keep it?I would LOVE to because it is a gorgeous laptop, I love the keyboard, touchpad still leaves a lot to be desired but it's working better now, but at the end of the day, the beauty of this laptop gets ruined by an ugly USB WiFi adapter taking up one out of its two USB ports. So you lose a USB port because you will need to take it up with an external USB WiFi adapter, lose internal Wifi, and lose the attractiveness, and form factor of what would otherwise be a nice ultrabook.So for my money, I can't keep a natively defective item and keep worrying if its going to crash and have to worry about a USB WiFi adapter that I now have to carry with me. Isn't the point of an ultrabook to be ultra simple and easy to carry without having a bunch of ancillary items to worry about? And knowing my luck, I'll lose the USB WiFi adapter and then I'll just cuss myself out.Come Monday, it's going back. Asus clearly did not test these laptops adequately and I think because the holiday season is coming, they just wanted to get this in the market place. But they just screwed themselves because now all these justified bad REAL WORLD reviews are hitting the web so people will think twice before buying one. Just stupid on their part for trying to make a buck at the expense of doing quality work. FYI: CNET, ENGADGET, all those other pro-sites don't use it like you and I would. I have always found that real world users have MUCH better and more authentic reviews than those paid-for reviewers. I just sunk over 2 grand of my own money (Asus and Acer Ultrabooks) and hope to help you not make this mistake. That's just my opinion.To those of you who's Asus UX31E is working "well" I hope it continues to live up to your standards. If there is defect in a batch of laptops, then you may have gotten a lucky break and got one without this issue, but I wouldn't bet on it. Time will tell because the more you use it, the more chances you have to uncover the flaws. Too many people on too many forums have had this issue and now for me, I had this problem with two brand new UX31E. Buyer beware.I don't know if Asus Corporate ever reads this stuff but I hope you guys get your act together. Asus makes great motherboards, yes, but you have not shown that same level of sophistication with you laptops. This is the THIRD Asus laptop product I have owned in just over a year (I had an ASUS gaming laptop last September that I had to send back due to heat/locking up issues) and this will be the last. No matter how bright, shiny, and dazzling your laptops may look a wise man once said...All that glitters isn't gold.*** UPDATE 10/30/11 @ 10:34PM EST ***I have gotten the Lenovo U300s Ultrabook (i7, 256GB) and posted my review on Amazon. After having used the Lenovo U300s, there is no way I would ever get another Asus ultrabook. Please go to the Lenovo u300s customer review to see the comparison.Thanks to everyone for following along on this ultrabook roller coaster!
computer|I bought my ASUS UX31E Zenbook in November, used it four weeks and then it began to fail. Online techs from ASUS were not knowledgeable. Finally the computer died and had to be shipped across the country to their CA facility. The ASUS service site states that they are waiting for a part. Two weeks now and the customer service reps can't tell me when the part will be in nor will they let me talk to a service technician. The machine is fragile and poorly built. I wish I had bought a MacAir. What a mistake this was. I've used their Escalation Service, no reply except for an automated one. They must be having a ton of problems with many customers otherwise why the delay in responding to me? Think twice before buying this very delicate machine.
computer|DO NOT BUY THIS COMPUTER. I write this review as I am sitting on the phone with tech support for at least the 15th time. My computer has broken down four times - first the battery, then the mother board, then the lcd display, and then the computer simply wouldn't turn on. Each time I sent it in for repairs I haggled on the phone with the uniformly mentally deficient tech support staff, needing to speak with a supervisor to get any details on the repair process. And clearly, they weren't capable of fixing the computer. I feel sorry for everyone else that fell for this computer.
computer|I wish to add a few words here to the conversation on this most interesting bit of hardware. For the past several days I've been a happy owner of the UX31 Zenbook, powered by the 1.60 gigahertz Intel Core i5-2467M version CPU and sporting the SanDisk SSD U100 128GB. I will leave the technical evaluations to more informed contributors, and for this review I'll limit myself to a more visceral evaluation. In short, I love it.For years now, I have admired the hardware of the Apple Air Books and I have lamented that the Windows systems have failed to keep pace. Finally, with the UX31, a competitive laptop exist in the market place. I would say that any consumer who has a preference for Windows systems, should seriously consider the Zenbook. Without any further ado, here is my short list of its advantages and disadvantages:AdvantagesIt is aesthetically pleasing and feels very solid in the hands. Personally, I think it is the best looking laptop on the market today.The lid and hinge are well manufactured.The screen is nothing short of beautiful, and 1600 x 900 stands in front of the class.Although I'm not a huge fan of trackpads in general, the Elan pad that came with my unit works very well and with no flaws.The keyboard is a mixed affair (see below) but it looks good and the spacing is nice, even for a large-pawed human being such as myself.Nice sound for a laptop.Fan is quiet, although not beyond notice.My primary tasks is writing while using voice recognition software, and the system has the power and ability to deliver.While I think that the Apple products are great, they cost several hundred dollars more especially if you add in the Windows operating system.I can't tell you how sick I am of finding small laptops that include a massive power bricks. Thank you, thank you, thank you Asus for respecting the customer enough to include a power cord with a low profile aspect and a long cord.Good battery.DisadvantagesThe keyboard is pretty good overall, but considering that the chassis is this beautiful aluminum, one would expect the keys have a bit more heft and substance to them. They just feel too hollow for my taste. Still, it's perfectly acceptable, just not perfect.By far my least favorite thing about the hardware is the placement of the power button. For 30 years or more, I've been trained to hit the delete key -- as opposed to the backspace key -- in the upper right-hand corner. Why Asus would violate this law of keyboard layout and replace that spot with a power key is a deep mystery. Now when I type, I instinctively hit that spot, and instead of deleting an unwanted character or line I get an enigmatic power window that pops up on my screen and for the life of me I don't know how to get rid of the screen without going through the Windows task manager. It's just rude.The "Asus" branding above the keyboard is far too prominent.The power cord connection looks feeble and I wonder how it would survive a modest bump.There is a bit too much bloatware, but it is not so bad and I've seen worse.The USB port is too close to the power port, meaning that some USB connections will interfere with the power connector. A few more millimeters would've been welcome. Also, I know that an elbow power connection has advantages, and here it's nicely paired with a power indicator, but even so, I think that a straight connection answers better and it would fix the spacing issue.
computer|After completing the setup on my brand new zenbook, I noticed the camera would occasionally "disappear" and for no reason it would "reappear". After a couple days, the camera failed to work completely. I knew it was a hardware problem, but it took 3 phone calls with ASUS support, and a complete reset to factory state before they would acknowledge a hardware defect.At this point, ASUS issued an RMA and I shipped the machine to ASUS for repair or replacement. I should have just returned to the vendor for an exchange, but they were out of stock at the time and I felt ASUS should be responsible anyways.As of the writing of this review, ASUS has had my machine for OVER ONE MONTH, and they are unable to give me any estimate of when I will get my machine back. Each time I call they tell me that I will get an update within 24-48 hours, but I have yet, in a full month, to be contacted even once by anyone from ASUS.ASUS will not replace my defective machine, and they are unable to repair it. This is the last time I will buy an ASUS product.I strongly advise against depending on the ASUS warranty for anything. Dealing with their service department has been a nightmare.
computer|I bought this ultrabook as a replacement for my laptop back in January. My old laptop was a Core 2 Duo 2.2 ghz with an nVidia 9800m GT video card, and it cost $1600, which was a steal at the time.The zenbook absolutely blows it out of the water. I expected there to be issues playing video games since the video card isn't dedicated, but it significantly outperforms my old machine. I moved down from 15.4" to 13" with this upgrade, which took a bit of getting used to, but I'm glad I have the smaller screen now.Pros: + Fantastic performance + Great price + Very impressive battery life (slightly less than is advertised, but still very solid) + Surprisingly good build quality + Ridiculous boot speed. I'm powered on and logged on in under 15 seconds. + Very light, thin profile, but by no means fragileCons: + The trackpad behaves a bit strangely and took some getting used to. Once I got used to the multitouch functionality it improved, but I think there may be a design issue here + The keyboard sometimes does not recognize input if you don't press the middle of the key solidly. Annoying sometimes, but not painful by any meansI would and have recommended this laptop others: for the quality, performance, and price, you cannot do much better. I will be purchasing Asus products every chance I get from now on.
computer|I've had my UX31 for about a week, and I'm so far having a very positive experience. I'm surprised about the trackpad complaints. Mine works very well. It's big, precise, and has a nice click surface. As I learn the extended gestures, they turn out to very useful (not just fancy gestures for their own sake).I understand the complaints about the keyboard which has a light touch and takes a bit of getting used to. However, after some use, I think more keyboards should be like this. Just type a little softer. Remember how hard you had to press the keys on the old manual typewriters? Maybe this is the keyboard of the future. (I think ASUS has made improvements to the trackpad and keyboard, and if it was Apple people would think these were brilliant innovations.)This computer has a fantastic screen. It's not just the specs (1600 X 900 resolution, 450 nits), but it is just plain pleasant on the eyes. There are a number of ways to modify screen settings. Besides the Control Panel, there is an Intel Graphics application and an ASUS application named Splendid. For simplicity and convenience, you can just press fn + C and it will scroll through various color presets--very similar to preset colors on an HDTV. These include Normal, Gamma Correction, Vivid, Theater, and Soft. Pretty cool!And like the screen presets, you can also scroll through various power presets with hot key combination fn + space bar. Power presets include High Performance, Entertainment, Quiet Office and Battery Saving modes. Again, these are convenience pre-sets, and you can access more detailed power settings via the control panel or an icon in the system tray. (I have mine set for High Performance when it's plugged in and Battery Saving when it's not.)The claims about the UX31's performance are not exaggerated. Mine powers up in fewer than 15 seconds, and the 2-second resume from sleep is for real. Everything is very snappy even though I have Norton 360 running in the background monitoring every file and process.A negative for me is that it only came with 128 gigabytes of storage. After installing my required applications, I'm only left with 69 gigabytes of free space. I like the speed and durability of a solid state drive and I definitely make use of cloud storage, but not having the space available is an inconvenience. Another negative is that the face recognition software doesn't work very well. I'll give it time to "learn" and see how it goes.The ASUS engineers really put a lot into the design of the Zenbook. I really like my new Ultrabook, and I will keep an eye on other ASUS products.UPDATE 12/2012Got to admit, the keyboard is irritating. I think that it's the large track pad. Thumbs and the inside of the hands keep hitting the trackpad causing havoc in the application. It's simple to remedy by keeping the thumb sides of your hands turned a little upward, but because I use other computers for work, I'm inconsistent. Slight pain. No other problems.I installed Windows 8. Of course, this computer doesn't have a touch screen, but it still works pretty well with the mouse. Takes a little practice. No problems with Windows 8 upgrade except that ASUS isn't yet providing any updates to it's utilities to make them Windows 8 apps. You have to run them on the Windows 7 desktop. I guess there's no profit in making older models current.I've been watching movies in HD on the 13 inch screen. Very good quality. I've watched some very fast-paced action movies, and everything was perfectly smooth. Sound quality is also good, but I prefer to plug in a headset. Bluetooth headsets also work.
computer|I was looking forward to getting this laptop for a very long time because I really liked the Air form factor but really dislike the closed nature of the Apple ecosystem. The Asus is definitely a beautiful laptop and I liked its design a lot, but I think they got the basics wrong, which is shocking: wireless, touchpad, keyboard, and customer service.First and foremost the wireless did not function correctly. At first I noticed that it went in and out even though I was sitting right in front of the router and none of the other people in the room with laptops experienced the same problem. Alone, I could live with this, but if you plan to stream a lot of content, be forewarned. Second, when I opened up my laptop after closing it for a bit, it couldn't find ANY wireless networks. I had to troubleshoot, at which point it told me that the network adapter had been turned off and asked me if I wanted to turn it back on again. This happened EVERY time I opened the lid - so, so much for your instant connect. I really just can't imagine any good reason for why any computer manufacturer would ever default the computer to disable the wireless without the user asking for that. I updated the WLAN driver, updated the BIOS, and also changed the power settings so that wireless would never be turned off to conserve power. I did everything, and nothing fixed these issues for me. I should add that I have a very nice, relatively new $160 router - it's not the router!Second, even though I updated the driver for the touchpad, I kept experiencing problems with it. Scroll worked ok, but not as smoothly as on an Air. However, the special gestures just didn't work properly. I'd try to zoom in or out and it would zoom too much or too little and when I tried to rein it back, it just kept overshooting and it just wasn't usable. Likewise, every zoom in or out took a while to actually update, so you'd just be sitting in front of a frozen page while it tried to change the size of the page - it wasn't an instant experience like on the iPhone or the Air. I ended up disabling those features. Likewise, the touchpad insisted on zooming even when all I was trying to do was scroll. So....it's livable, but it's no improvement on the standard touch pad if the gestures are basically unusable.Third, the keyboard just wasn't great. I'd type and it would miss every 5th key or so. I'd have to go back and retype everything. I feel like this is something I could probably get used to after a while and train myself to type harder, but it just seemed strange to be having such a basic issue on a very expensive, top of the line laptop, when even the cheapest netbooks had better keyboards.Fourth, I called Asus customer support. I had registered my laptop and had become a member with the support stuff, but they insisted on taking my name and email and machine number, making me respell everything three or four times. I'm really not kidding - it took them 10 minutes just to get that info down and I don't know what the point of registering with the site was if I was going to be asked all this stuff again. I told them I had wireless issues and they didn't suggest changing power saver settings or getting the new WLAN driver (I read about that online), instead they suggested updating the BIOS. They sent me a link to their updates page and that was it. So, first of all, I feel like they didn't offer all available fixes. Second, when I went to the page there were three BIOS options and I had no idea which one I needed. I got all three, but then I couldn't open and install them! My friend figured out you had to go to a utility on the computer to get them updated. NOWHERE did it say how to implement these updates. We did use the utility, but then there was no feedback to say that anything had been updated, so who knows if it even worked. I called support back and they insisted that I give them all of that personal info again, even though I had a service number from the last time I called. So I had to repeat my name 5 times yet again! Don't they have all that info on file from the last call?? Why give a service number if you're going to spend 10 minutes asking me basic info AGAIN? So I gave him all that info and he started doing something and I was on hold for a while and we got disconnected. I called a third time, and they asked me for all of my info AGAIN. I told the person that I had already given info twice in the last hour and I didn't want to do it again, since clearly it was in front of him now that I had provided a service number and the info twice before. He insisted three times that he couldn't help me without me "verifying" that the info was correct. So, I gave up and hung up.So, be forewarned, trying to get service is both unhelpful and frustrating.In the end, I decided to send this back and I'm typing this review from an Air. Trust me, I waited for over a year to replace my laptop just so that I wouldn't have to buy an Apple, but dealing with the Asus truly drove me into Apple's arms. With the Air, none of those issues are a problem. If you ever need tech support, you show up at an Apple store and someone helps you instantly - no calls to Bangalore with people who are just reading from a script. Everything just works. There's no bloatware. In the Asus, you had both Asus and Windows utilities that seemed to conflict- like more than one manager for power and wireless. You might have fixed a problem in one and not the other. Plus, you get a nice backlit keyboard and pretty amazing gestures. Sure, it's more expensive, but if you're going to shell out over $1000 for a laptop anyway, don't you expect the most fundamental things to work?As an aside for Asus's benefit, since you guys read this site, I think you sunk not just the Zenbook, but the entire ultrabook campaign. People really thought they'd finally get an Air alternative and then were sorely disappointed. Guess what? They did what I did - returned your computer and got an Air. Guess who won't be buying another laptop for another 2 years or so? All of the people who were disappointed with yours! But, that's not just bad news for the Zenbook, it's bad news for you because those of us whose first intro to Asus was the Zenbook now believe that you make half baked products. Likewise, you've proven yet again that no one can do it as well as Apple. This is all very unfortunate because many of us were rooting for an Apple competitor and many of us truly do believe that the more open approach to software development and platforms is the right way to go. But, by creating yet another crappy product, I think you're driving many people to believe otherwise. Problem is that once Apple gets you into their ecosystem with one product, they really make it appealing to then add other products or services to that ecosystem and the more people do that, the harder it will be for you to ever get them out of it. I think you missed a real opportunity to turn things around for yourselves.
computer|I waited for this notebook for ages, something I never do. I even preordered it through amazon and got fantastically fast shipping.The UX31 is as beautiful as I thought it would be, but the performance doesn't match.The good:Stunning chassis, just beautiful, solid and lovely to hold.Resolution is amazing, it's really lovely to look atScreen tilts back a long wayThe bad:The keyboard! You really have to smack those keys otherwise you just miss keystrokes.The trackpad! Asus has already made 2 updates to this, and apparently a third is due out soon. It kind of feels like swirling around on ice, it's smooth for big motions but not the small.Too much bass on the sound for my liking, the whole machine rattles...Wireless is actually pretty good, in spite of other people's comments. It outperforms my 2009 macbook air.I don't think I'll be keeping this sadly. It just doesn't meet my expectations for a $1000+ computer.I am a PC user that has tried to love Macbook Airs but I just couldn't get used to the keyboard layout. After two months I would still be hitting the wrong keys (they're all in the wrong place!). After being disappointed with my UX31, I went back to my old MBA and installed keyremap4macbook. It's a great free program that has preset key remap settings for PC users, or set your own, and suddenly I could type comfortably on the old MBA. Best discovery ever! Only works in OSX but I was quite enjoying it.
computer|I actually purchased both the Toshiba Z830 and the Asus UX31 so I could decide for myself which one I liked the best. Both come with a 128GB solid-state hard drive and 4GB RAM. The Asus has an i5 processor while the Toshiba (which costs $100-200 less) has an i3 processor. Here's what I liked and what I didn't like:AppearanceThe Asus with its spiral design is gorgeous. The Toshiba is boring gun-metal gray with sharp corners.Winner: AsusWeightThe Asus is heavier than the Toshiba by a half-pound. As a result, the Toshiba's display has some flex to it and will wobble if the laptop is bumped. In the end, however, I can deal with this. That half-pound is something I can really feel when I'm carrying the laptop around.Winner: ToshibaSpeedThe i5 processor in the Asus easily beats the i3 processor in the Toshiba I purchased. Of course, you always have the option of purchasing a Toshiba online with the faster processor.Winner: AsusTouchpadThe Asus I purchased came with a Sentelic touchpad. The latest driver (ver. 9177) stinks and results in the mouse jumping all over the place. I finally had to uninstall it and rely on the built-in Windows 7 touchpad driver (which meant I had to give up gestures like scrolling). Newer versions of the UX31 apparently ship with a far improved Elan touchpad. The touchpad on my Toshiba is significantly smaller with shiny chrome buttons that pick up fingerprints but it's so far superior to the Sentelic in terms of its functionality. Furthermore, there's a button just about the Toshiba touchpad that allows you to enable or disable it.Winner: ToshibaKeyboardToo many times, I found I had to hit keys on the Asus multiple times before I got them to register. Not so on the Toshiba. Furthermore, the Toshiba's keyboard is wider which allows it to have dedicated Home, End, PgUp, and PgDn keys on the far right. On the Asus, I have to hold down the FN key. Finally, the Toshiba's keyboard is backlit, a very nice touch.Winner: ToshibaDisplayThe Asus has a gorgeous 1600x900 resolution screen. The Toshiba comes with a commonplace 1366x768 display.Winner: AsusPortsThe Toshiba has built-in connections for Ethernet, external VGA monitor, and HDMI. The Asus ships with dongles for Ethernet and VGA but requires you to purchase a micro-HDMI adapter separately. Furthermore, the Toshiba has 1 USB3 port and 2 USB2 ports while the Asus only has 1 and 1. Obviously, the Toshiba wins hands down for its plentiful built-in ports.Winner: ToshibaAC AdapterThe Asus AC adapter is small and lovingly designed. The Toshiba adapter is bulky and unwieldy by comparison.Winner: AsusSystem indicator lightsThe Toshiba has an entire array of useful indicator lights just below the touchpad. The Asus has a couple spread across the keyboard.Winner: ToshibaAccessoriesThe Asus ships with a padded sleeve. The Toshiba doesn't.Winner: AsusHeat and Fan NoiseWith an updated BIOS in each machine, heat and fan noise was not a problem for me.Winner: TieSpeakersBoth sets of speakers are nice and loud, but the Asus Bang & Olufsen speakers sound better.Winner: AsusBatteryThe Toshiba edged out the Asus by about an hour or so.Winner: ToshibaThe Toshiba Z830/Z835 is easily my laptop of choice. Granted, it's slower than the Asus, but not noticeably considering how I plan to use it.
computer|I almost returned this laptop for a macbook air (boot camp and run Windows7, it's only $200 more).I decided to keep the UX31, but the problems that other users commented are accurate.In the end, the pros outweigh the cons for me, but I can see why so many ppl have returned it.Pros -1) form factor/thin (I travel a lot, so this is important to me)2) 2 sec resume (yes, it works as advertised), system also cold boots under 20 secs3) 1600x900 Resolution (movies look great on it)4) performance - it's fastCons -1) trackpad2) TRACKPAD!! Asus seriously? All my custom computers have Asus motherboards. Makes me look @ Gigabyte/MSI/EVGA motherboards after purchasing this.3) wireless adapter sucks - read anandtech.com's review on it[..]Here's how I tamed my UX31E- uninstalled all Asus crapware except instant on. I'm stable after un-installing all Asus software. Not sure why ppl have problems uninstalling all of Asus's power management software.- disabled all trackpad gestures- Updated BIOS to v207 and all drivers- set wireless power settings to "maximum performance" for balance and high performance profiles
computer|(UPDATED ON 2/13/12, SEE BELOW)I feel like the UX31 models have been unfairly reviewed by many Amazon users and thought I'd throw my two cents in. I just received my UX31-DH52 yesterday, so this is mostly a "first impressions" review; I will be sure to add more later on.There's not much to say about the design that hasn't already been said, this machine is stunning. The aluminum finish feels very solid, yet the device remains incredibly thin and lightweight. The port selection is so so, with the two major complaints being no standard HDMI out (only a micro HDMI out, you can buy micro HDMI to HDMI cables for very cheap) and no native ethernet port. However, ASUS was smart to package an ethernet dongle with the laptop. One of the reasons I was attracted to the Zenbook was the 1600x900 display, and it doesn't disappoint. The screen is beautiful and bright. The machine boots up really fast, even the first time it was turned on. Some reviewers were critical of ASUS for shipping out Zenbooks with different hardware configurations (Elan/Sentallic track pads), but I believe this was only the case for the first couple of batches sold in October/November 2011, and ASUS has since only used the Elan track pad. I could be wrong about that, however. The track pad has been condemned in the reviews, but so far I haven't had any issues. Perhaps my expectations were extremely low, but I actually quite like the track pad. The single biggest issue with the machine is the keyboard, but I don't think this is an isolated problem with the Zenbook. It takes time to get used to a new keyboard, and I think it's disingenuous to give a poor review solely due to a keyboard that you haven't gotten used to yet. I also have a netbook, and the small keyboard was incredibly hard to get used to, but now I can type on it with no problem. I honestly feel I will have the same results with the Zenbook keyboard after extended use. Performance wise, the computer is very snappy and responsive, but I will have to test it out more before I can accurately go into detail.Overall, I'm incredibly impressed with the UX31 in my admittedly limited use. I will be sure to add to this review down the road, but my first impressions of the machine blew me away.** UPDATE ON 2/13/12 **After a few more days of use, I thought I'd add a few more things to this review. Just as I had expected, the more I use the keyboard the easier it is to type on it. I still have a few more unregistered key strokes than I would like, however it's only been a few days and I'm confident that after a week or so I won't have such problems. The track pad continues to impress me, I'm shocked at the negative backlash it received in earlier reviews. My guess is people had one of two problems... a) didn't install the most recent track pad drivers, or b) keep one finger rested on the left click button while scrolling. The two finger scrolling works extremely well, although I have noticed if you attempt to use the two finger scrolling while watching a YouTube video or listening to a song (I was on the Google Music web page), the computer will think the scrolling gesture means to jump to the end of said video/song (or go to the next song if listening to a playlist, in my case). I will investigate further on this to see if this option can be disabled, however this wasn't a big deal for me. The battery life has been great thus far, as I'm able to get over 6 and 1/2 hours with moderate use and low/medium brightness settings. Performance has been great, I haven't seen the computer skip a beat yet. Not only that, but the PC runs incredibly cool and quiet, even when under heavy CPU stress. The fans run out near the top hinge, which keeps the bottom nice and cool for anyone who likes to place the computer on their lap. The sound is simply amazing for a laptop, very pleasantly surprised with that. Overall the more I use this laptop, the more I love it.
computer|11/02/2011 review.I will only address the issues as most already knew how beautiful the physical of it is. 1- Keyboard: The key stroke is short, so the bouncy feeling weird which results in missing a few keys at first. I personally think it will become a second nature once I get used to it. It's bad compare to Macbook Air. 2- Touch pad: When I opened the box and used it, I noticed it acts normal similar to my desktop. My desktop has a wheel, so it's normal to me. But it is totally unacceptable comparing to the Macbook Air, which is very smooth. After touchpad driver, it's abit smooth, but still need some more work. 3- Wireless LAN: Out of the box, I have no issue. Really, till now I have no issue. But I update the driver anyway.Conclusion: I'll keep it. Asus rushed it out, period. I took it a part to see if I can change the internal, heck no. most of the parts are built to spec. Look at the photo I uploaded.11/15/2011 Review.I observed that when I plug the adapter to the computer I see " Spark ". This is no good. I tried to play around and see what's the cause. My assumption is that the plug(tip to the laptop) is a bit small, so it moves more than it should. Let see if it can fry the laptop.03/23/2012 Review.Updated SBIOS to 211 and it kept getting blue screen. Revert back to 210 and it is stable. Stay away from 211 BIOS for now.04/01/2012*****************Wifi problem solved.********************The wifi card is Atheros AR9485WB, kept losing internet(still connect to router). Even I clicked disconnected, and reconnected the problem still there. Very annoying. I had to restart the computer to make it works again. The new driver is out(driver date: 02/23/2012), but not yet on Asus website yet. If you want the driver, leave your email add, I will send out as request.
computer|First off, this thing is gorgeous. It truly makes the prototype computer in the category, the MacAir, look frumpy. The feel of the laptop is first rate too; the computer feels very solid and perfect to the touch. Asus did a great job packaging the UX31: it's really nicely boxed with an attractive and functional sleeve, as well as a matching pouch for accessories. I don't plan on using mine as a presentation laptop, but a direct mini HDMI and VGA port adapter are included. Two USB ports, one of them USB 3.0, are available. I think a USB 3.0 port is far more useful at this point than a Thunderbolt connector except in a very few cases (1. You have a Thunderbolt jack on your monitor, 2. You have one of the rare and very overpriced Thunderbolt connectivity external hard drives).The screen is sensational. If your UX31 is closed, people can't help but notice the sleek design. If it's open, they'll be wowed by the screen. The 1600 x 900 resolution is class leading, and the brightness is as well. It's one of the few laptops you can use outside if you want. Some have complained about the off angle viewing being sub-par. In normal usage this is not an issue. How often do you use your laptop while looking at the screen from 45 degrees off to the side? If you are buying a laptop to watch movies with a group of friends, this is probably the wrong computer for you. But then, any laptop is probably the wrong computer for you.Like all computers with a solid state drive, boot up is amazingly fast. Also like all thin SSD laptops, storage space is limited compared to a traditional hard drive. This should be taken into consideration if this is intended as your sole computer. I bought the 128 GB model, and will use my desktop as the primary storage site for data, photos, videos long term. I think the UX31 will have enough space for my mobile needs, especially since I'm storing most of my music in the cloud with Google Music these days.Battery life, even with the screen brightness cranked up, is quite good. Charging is also fast with the well designed AC adapter. Unfortunately, in keeping with Asus tradition, the charging pin is small and feels inadequate compared to the rest of the device. The charging light on the plug that attaches to the computer will occasionally blink back and forth between red and green with the slightest of touches, indicating a so-so connection. It gets the job done, but should be better.The touchpad on my unit was initially overly touchy and somewhat erratic, as others have reported. Asus responded promptly with an update, however, and that has resulted in good functionality for me. I think most people would not think anything of it, pro or con, compared to other laptops.The facial recognition hardly worked at all when I first got my computer, but Asus has also promptly updated the drivers for that. Since the update, it works most of the time. It's a little gimmicky, but I've been having fun with logging on using facial recognition mode instead of a password (you can always use a password instead, of course).I think the biggest potential drawback to the UX31 is the keyboard. It is low profile, as necessitated by the overall design, and the keys can take some adjusting to. I have found it fine for my purposes, but it could be better. If I was using my laptop primarily for intensive keyboard sessions like typing a PhD dissertation, or the like, I don't think I would recommend this laptop. For most general users, though, I think adaptation to the keyboard will occur fairly quickly. If you're not sure, you should try a test run, but keep in mind that it may take a day or two to totally get used to it. I find that's true with most mobile keyboards I use.Overall, I love this laptop. The outstanding design and build, stellar screen, and excellent performance greatly outweigh it's shortcomings. Especially for someone who wants to primarily run Win7, this is THE thin laptop to get right now. Even Mac users will be seriously reconsidering their commitment to OS X; we have three Macbooks and an HP laptop in the family. My wife uses a Macbook, and has been jealously eyeing my UX31 since it's arrival. I am kind of glad they're in short supply right now--I really like having the coolest laptop in the house.
computer|I've been waiting forever for Windows laptops to finally catch up with the form factor/design of the Macbook Air. This time Intel and its partners deliver!I've owned a Macbook Air for the last 2 years and I definitely prefer this laptop to that Macbook Air (to be fair I don't have the current generation Macbook Air).The Asus Zenbook which looks like a macbook air Clone online does not look like a clone of the mac air except for the form factor. The brushed metal look is definitely classier in person than it looks online. As far as performance goes -- so far it's been great. The instant on actually works (finally Microsoft!), the audio BLOWS away the audio on macs and is wonderful. The laptop does not seem to heat up while on my lap or on the sofa -- but I've only had it for 2 days.My only criticism of the laptop is the keyboard and mouse. The keyboard is not backlit and is definitely not as nice to type on as the Macbook air. The trackpad was initially somewhat unresponsive, but when I called asus they suggested that i download new drivers from the asus website and voila the trackpad is working great now.EDIT: GT's review is accurate in that Asus shipped these with different components some better than others. I was lucky enough to get the ADATA SSD but had the Syntellic trackpad.I had to ship my laptop to asus a few times regarding trackpad, and eventually I simply asked them to replace the trackpad with the elantech pad and everything has been better since. The customer support was pretty good and the repair time was great. BUt it really should've have been shipped to me in the condition it is in now. 1 year later -- this is a better product today than it was when I bought it.
computer|I received my zenbook yesterday. I am generally very happy with its looks and everything. It does look amazing and the sound is very good. The keyboard will take some getting used to. It does miss the occasional keystroke, but maybe with time I can get used to it.The ELAN touchpad that came with my unit initially performed pretty bad. But after running ASUS live update and updating the driver, it works much better now. So my advice to everyone is to definitely update your drivers upon receiving your units.The real unfortunate part is the SSD. Mine shipped with the Sandisk U100 SSD, and what they say about the performance difference is very true.see this link for the SSD comparison between the ADATA Sandforce and the Sandisk U100. When I ran CrystalDiskMark, I got even worse performance than what the website below indicated. Just terrible in terms of small data size transfers.[...]in case Amazon doesn't allow linking to external reviews, just google "Zenbook SSD Performance"We are talking about a more than 20-times performance difference for smaller file writes! As I am playing with my ultrabook right now, I am noticing more and more brief pauses/hangs as I navigate the system, this is very likely due to the fact that the laptop is performing some small file writes that is taking a noticeable time to complete. What I am trying to say is that this is not just a benchmark difference... It does affect normal use.I used to have an old Dell mini-9 with 16GB SSD. The system pauses on that unit was unbearable because the write performances on those old SSDs were so terrible. Of course the Sandisk U100 is nowhere near as bad on this ultrabook, but these brief pauses I am seeing now reminds me of those bad times...Really, how can ASUS use the Sandforce ADATA and Sandisk U100 interchangeably in this ultrabook? They are clearly in different performance classes, and shouldn't be sold with the same Product ASIN so customers can clearly pick which SSD option they want when making a buying decision.It is too bad with purchases form Amazon, we couldn't specify which SSD version we can wish to get. At least ASUS now places the SSD stickers on the box, so if purchased from a retail location, one can look for the Sandforce SSD instead of the Sandisk. But for online purchases, we have no visibility. I have a feeling that perhaps all the Sandisk SSD units are getting distributed to online retailers since the end users wouldn't know ahead of time.I really wanted to give this product 5 stars. But for the abysmal Sandisk U100 SSD performance, I can only give it 3 at best. Maybe even a 2 since I feel I was misled about the potential performance of this laptop's SSD.ASUS should really address this issue and start shipping ultrabooks with different SSDs with different product IDs, and also offer to existing customers with the U100 SSDs an option to replace theirs with units with the ADATA Sandforce. I am very disappointed.
computer|Researched this unit from release date.. Had a Mac Air, and my son at Purdue decided he needed it for his Nuclear Eng class more than i did... LOLFirst of all, i liked the looks, and feel. It was sturdy and very elegant,. Wide bezel around the screen, was a bit much. The Touch pad was a bit quirky as it seemed to have hiccups at times and would not respond for several seconds the was fine until i let it set for a min or two. Not impressed with the screen as i still had to lower the resolution to be able to read the type on screen. Viewing angle not too bad,, for a laptop.HOWEVER: I returned mine because of missed key strokes... There is no way anyone could type 100wpm on the one i had.,. The keys would rock on the corners, and tilt unless hit in the middle. Maybe one of the problems with mine is that i used it as a lap top,, not a desktop unit. If i wanted to sit at a table to type, would have just bought a tower.. The worst keys were the A C L,, and forget the period key... try typing "Best of luck" with a key board that misses the "L" half the time... I got some heated response from a couple of friends, because i did not notice the problem when i first got the unit, and their emails were quite cryptic. Slow?? really bad for speed. I could actually play [...] faster my Galaxy tab and Acer 722 than on the Zenbook,, Surfing the web seemed slow also.. New chips due out soon,, Maybe they will help,, but get that keypad fixed.I don't care for the Mac OS. but will probably get another and install windows. It's like buying a Lexus to haul firewood,
computer|I received the Zenbook a week ago and have the following to report, addressing most buyers concerns (including myself) when wanting to purchase the Zenbook:I do hope you find it useful - please vote this up if you did, to inform prospective buyers. Thanks!Physical outlook:The Zenbook largely resembles the MacBook Air in terms of svelteness. Even the tapering of the chasis 17mm-3mm is the same as the MacBook. This is a good thing because the Zenbook looks better than the MacBook air. The edges look more clean cut, more industrial looking. Definitely something for the corporate board.Keyboard:This is a hit and miss issue with many users. You either love it or hate it. I found the keyboard better than the MacBook because I could actually type faster on this laptop.1. The keys have much lesser travel than the MacBook Air.2. They are well spaced.Some people were complaining about how unresponsive the keys would be. I had found that to be true when I first used the laptop, but adapted to the typing style, applying a little more pressure with each keystroke. Now I can type faster than I can with my iMac wireless keyboard!It's just a matter of getting used to.Poor Trackpad:This is perhaps one of my most pertinent gripes about the Zenbook. The trackpad, like the keyboard is a matter of getting used to. Asus did a poor job in this aspect because they did not standardize the parts used in their Zenbook series. Some Zenbooks came with the Elan touchpad. Others came with the more inferior Sentallics branded touchpad. Both touchpads had different drivers - and performance. The sentallics version performed poorly even with updated drivers and felt like using a year 20000-esque trackpad. There was very poor control over the trackpad, it seemed to have a mind of it's own - especially when using multitouch gestures.I managed to get the Elan trackpad, and my experience was not better off. When using two fingers on the trackpad in Opera (one finger on left click, the other to move the cursor around) the Zenbook did not recognize this even though my other finger was on the left click BUTTON. It kept recognizing this as a pinch and zoom, resizing the page I was browsing. This is irritating as I have to adapt to using the laptop with one finger. MacBook Airs don't even have a specific left click button and they don't accidentally recgnize my gestures as pinch to zoom. In this aspect, Asus has tragically failed in one of the key aspects of interaction with a laptop - the touchpad.Slow SSD:As with the trackpad, the Zenbook shipped with two 128GB SSD variants, the slower Sandisk u100 and the faster, more superior ADATA SANDFORCE. I received the Sandisk variant and I'm seriously having buyers remorse on the purchase. Major reviewers (engadget, anandtech, pocketlint, ars technica) somehow received the superior ADATA variants as their test units, and based their judgement on the drive they received. Most buyers purchase because of the positive reviews made by them. Their reviews would have been much different with the SANDISK SSD.What Asus did was misleading, and very inappropriate. Advertising the faster ADATA SSD's then shipping other units with the lousier Sandisk units.The benchmarks I done using Crystal Disk Mark showed the vast difference in speeds. Below:SANDISKSize Read Write4K 16.92 12.49512K 253.2 21.81******1GB 460.2 247.1ADATA (Data from notebookcheck.net)SIZE Read Write4K 26.38 51.15512K 374.7 131.7*****1GB 429.6 132.8As you can see, the speeds on the ADATA is easily 6 times faster on write speeds. The 1GB is similar but for day to day usage like surfing and microsoft office, the most commonly used size is below 512K. Thus, the ADATA offers a tremendous speed increase compared to the Sandisk.As a consumer paying the same amount for a laptop, it is only fair that we receive what we expect. There should be no deviation from what Asus advertises and what we receive.In this instance, getting a perfect Zenbook combination was like striking the lottery given the amount of permutations given. We only have a 1 in 4 chance of getting both the Elan touchpad and ADATA SSD.Wireless Problem:Many users were facing problems with their Wireless card receiving slow speeds. An updated driver would solve the problem. I did not experience the Wifi problem and the Zenbook worked fine out of the box.I found that the weak wireless problem may be attributed to the Power Options settings. Goto power options -> change plan settings -> changed advanced power settings -> Wireless Adapter settings -> Power saving mode -> MAXIMUM PERFORMANCE.Audio Hissing Sound:Some users complained (in the UX21 reviews) that they heard very loud hissing sounds coming out of their earphone port with earphones. I did not hear it on my unit. Perhaps he received a lemon?In conculsion:Truth be said, I am not an Apple fan and was very happy to see such a good looking ultraportable that trumps the MacBook Air's air of sexiness. The zenbook is downright awesome to look at. The full aluminium chasis offers the kind of durability no other laptop can offer in it's class.But with further comparison, the Apple ships with same compenents across the board. We appreciate this reliablility because we KNOW what components we are getting.We aren't playing the lottery Asus, and this Zenbook certainly isn't my idea of a $1000 lottery ticket.
computer|This is a great notebook with awsome battery life (5+ hours of standward def video with 20% battery left), good keyboard (not as good as Lenovo's), good trackpad (after driver upgrade), good scren and great look. I do wish that I can find a place to purchase another power supply as I usually have one charger at work and one at home. Although the power supply is thin and small, I would love to have 2, but I cannot find any retailer's online that sells the power supply for this notebook. I also wish there is some soft of port aggregator for this notebook. On the right side of the notebook, you have power, USB3, mini VGA and mini HDMI port. ASUS could easily make an psudo dock that plugs into all 4 port then you have in instant notebook dock. Coming from a T series Lenovo, I miss the docking feature and not having to plug 3 things in everything I goto my desk (power, USB 3, and mini HDMI).Warning: DO NOT UNINSTALL Instant on, PowerWiz and Power4Gear. When I did so, my computer begin to blue screen. I believe it has to do with how the hardware operates in sleep mode and how Windows expect it to behave in sleep mode. Those 3 software bridge the gap between what Windows expect and how the hardware behaves. Without it, don't expect a stable notebook.HINT: I've had some wireless stability problem earlier, but that was solved by disabling MIMO power save in the advance setting of the wireless adaptor by going to Network and Sharing Center, Change Adaptor setting, right click the adaptor, properties, configure, Advanced, and set Dynamic MIMO power save to disabled.
computer|
computer|I've been using the Asus UX31 for almost 2 weeks now and I have to say that I love it.My reasons for purchasing this specific model were for 2 reasons.First, screen resolution. I have perfect eyesight and for me "screen real estate" is based on how many pixels there are, not how big the screen is physically. 1600x900 at 13" is the best you can do unless you want to shell out $3000 for a top of the line Sony VIAO.My second reason for purchasing this laptop was build quality. I am preparing for a 2 year service in the Peace Corps. I wanted something small, powerful, and most importantly, physically strong. This baby has a solid aluminum frame with no "give". And with no moving parts (thanks to the SSD) I won't mind if it takes a few knocks whether it's powered on or off.Keyboard: It's fine for work on the go, but this external: ([...]) fits nicely into my bag for setting up a mobile workspace.Trackpad: Pain in the ass with settings as shipped. If you've read many other reviews you'll understand. I found that the best solution is to disable the ASUS SmartSense settings entirely and use this program instead: TouchFreeze - [...] Using TouchFreeze has been a wonderful solution for me but I'd still like to see ASUS fix the issue with a driver update so that I don't have to use a separate application.Storage: If you think that 128GB is not enough, than you need to learn to use an external hard drive effectively. Your media (music, videos, full res photos) don't need to be stored locally. Even large programs and games can be installed to an external drive. A small portable USB powered 1TB external does the trick for me.Graphics: The other day I plugged my UX31 up to a giant 1920x1080 display and ran an extended desktop with no problems. I don't play very many modern games, but I have been able to run Civilization IV with full specs even using the battery saver power configuration.All the other reviews should cover everything else you need to know, so read them! I'm a software developer and a hardware snob as well. This machine is meeting all my current demands except one: the 4GB RAM cannot be upgraded. To be in the ultrabook category, you must compromise there.One last thing you should know: I was initially overly zealous about uninstalling the bloatware that ASUS included. There are a few programs that need to be kept running to keep things stable. Those are Power4Gear Hybrid, PowerWiz, InstantOn, PWR Option, ATK Package, WinFlash, Wireless Console 3, and ASUS Splendid Vid ET. Those are the ones I decided to keep, uninstall them at your own risk.
computer|To start with, I consider myself to be very tech-saavy and tech-educated. I don't discriminate on brand but rather on form and function. I've owned iPhones and Androids...I've used macbooks, laptops, and desktops and have built them (desktops) from scratch, etc. etc. When it comes to a machine like this, it is a whole different ballpark. At first, I was hesitant at purchasing the Zenbook. I wasn't sure if I wanted to purchase this or the Lenovo U300s or the Macbook Air (13 inch). I read reviews about how people hated the keyboard and the touchpad, how there were issues with the touchpad along with the wireless card and this scared me. Of course, the saying goes, an unhappy customer is louder than a happy one. Besides these issues, which I will address later, the specs on paper looked extremely good. The Zenbook is significantly faster than the Lenovo U300s and is neck in neck with the Macbook Air with a smaller price tag. The Macbook Air has better battery life but I think in this case, it is an operating system thing because if you bootcamp Windows 7 on a 13 inch Macbook Air, the battery life goes down to 4-5 hours compared to the Zenbook's 6-7 hr battery life (I haven't reversed it and installed Mac OS on the Zenbook so I can't give you details on that). So on paper, the Zenbook seemed to be the winner. As for looks, I personally prefer the Zenbook. I think it is one of the most beautiful laptop computers ever made. The Macbook Air looks bland next to the Zenbook and several of my coworkers fell in love with the design when they saw it and not knowing that it was mine, started talking about it behind my back. Looks and specs aside, user interactions are one of the most critical aspects of a good computer. I am currently typing this review on my Zenbook. Coming from Lenovo keyboards, my personal favorite the Logitech DiNovo Edge, and MacBook keyboards, there is a bit of stretch (maybe a couple days max) of getting comfortable with the keyboard but I wouldn't say it was a bad experience, it was a nice change and typing on the keyboard feels nice now. The trackpad, I have had no issues with. After reading the reviews stating that the trackpad was horrible and that it was okay after driver updates, I immediately updated drivers and the bios when I got the Zenbook and have no problems whatsoever.Right now, if this were to be my review, this product would have 5 out of 5 stars however...this is actually my 2nd Zenbook. The first one I returned after noticing wifi problems. I uninstalled and updated drivers, I checked forums, I did tweaks but the wifi thing was killer for me. It would go from one bar to five even though I hadn't moved. Speed fluctuations all the time, I just couldn't take it and so I returned it and gave the Zenbook another chance. The one I have now has been smooth since day 1. No issues at all but because of inconsistency in production because I believe the wifi issue is a hardware issue and not a software issue that's a full star down.Now for the more definite pros and cons list + comparisons.PROS---------------------1. Number 1 on the list has got the be the screen and the screen resolution. Macbook Air has a screen resolution of 1440 x 900. Lenovo U300s, 1366 x 768. The Zenbook trumps them all with a screen resolution of 1600 x 900. In my opinion, 1366 x 768 does not look good. Everything is huge and it's difficult to do work in. The Macbook Air has a slightly better resolution but the Zenbook really hits the spot. I can have two documents side by side or a browser on one side and my thesis work on the other...having a larger screen resolution, without breaking the bank, is crucial. Zenbook has got that hands down. As for the quality, it is a glossy screen and doesn't have as much pop in colors as the Macbook Air but it is still beautiful.2. Speed. The solid state drive makes life so much faster! I've used solid state drives for years now and they make bootups and regular activity faster and snappier. The Zenbook boots up in about 25 seconds (that's loading up Windows and every random program that is in startup like the iTunes stuff, antivirus, etc.) It also wakes up from sleep in about 2 seconds, which makes resuming activity smooth and seamless. Also, gotta give credit to the Intel 2nd gen Sandy Bridge processor powering this thing. Works like a charm.On a more technical note, the Zenbook comes equipped with a 128 GB ADATA Sandforce solid state drive. Read/write speeds are 550/500 MB/s. This is way faster than the solid state drive in the Macbook Air, which is a Toshiba SSD with read/write speeds of 200/190 MB/s (Mid 2011 Macbook Air).3. Quiet &lt;=== says it all. Very little heat produced too.4. Lightweight (but you already knew that) but not plasticky (it's made out of aluminum I think). Has a good heft to it that makes it feel good to hold.5. Speakers are surprisingly good for a laptop. Asus spent some extra time on the speakers and they sure show.6. Ports. USB 3.0 and 2.0, micro-HDMI (micro-HDMI cord to HDMI or the adapter costs like $3 max), micro-VGA (dongle provided), SD card slot, USB-to-Ethernet dongle, beats the Macbook Air out of the skies if you ask me.7. Battery life. Can work pretty much all day and not have to worry about plugging in. 6-7 hours doing document work and surfing the web with Wifi and Bluetooth on. Maybe around 4-5 watching movies and videos.8. Form. Sleek, beautiful, sometimes I just want to look at it and not even use it. Can't say the same for the Lenovo or the Macbook Air. The Air just looks like a smaller Macbook Pro :/CONS--------------1. First Zenbook that I got had wifi issues. Honestly, I think it was either karma or I was unlucky. Amazon has a very easy returns process so just don't throw away the packaging. Regardless though, having a machine that doesn't work well is quite a hassle, which is why a star was deducted.2. Keyboard learning curve. Isn't really a con for me but the keyboard has a different feel.3. Watch out for those corners. They're pretty intense but what can you do? The device tapers down to nothing, its going to be rough regardless.CONCLUSIONIf you are in the market for an ultrabook, you can't go wrong with the Zenbook. You may go unlucky but it is unlikely. The Asus Zenbook is a wonderful laptop.
computer|First, I'm going to mention all the amazing things about this laptop.1. 1600x900 display. This screen is awesome; I don't think I could ever go back to using any other laptop's screen. Although it isn't IPS, I haven't had any problems with viewing angles...not that I've allowed this laptop to escape my grasp for the past two days.2. Full range of ports. USB 3.0, micro HDMI, mini VGA, card reader, there's really everything I'm ever going to use on a daily basis. If I'm buying an ultraportable, I don't want bulky ports that I'm not going to use.3. Metal chassis. I love how solid and luxurious this computer feels. I thought I was going to hate the spun finish on the front, but it actually looks great (it's much more subdued than all the pictures online led me to believe)! Believe me, this ultrabook is a showstopper. I had tons of compliments when I was using it in class the other day.4. i5 processor + 128 GB SSD. The i5-2557M that powers this Zenbook is more than enough for everyday computing. Combined with the SSD, this is one of the fastest computers I've ever used. Also, out of the 103 GBs available in the SSD, I have 67 remaining. That's after installing a few browsers, Skype, iTunes, Office 2010, and antivirus software. Since it starts up so quickly, I can load everything I don't want cluttering up my SSD into Dropbox.5. Instant On. The Zenbook does indeed start up from sleep in two seconds, and it takes around 15 to start from a cold reset.6. Sound quality. When I tried out the speakers, I was just blown away. These are by far the best speakers I have ever heard on a laptop, especially one this small. They're really loud, but the quality is amazing - I heard no crackling or anything when I turned the volume up.7. Free case, mini VGA, and Ethernet adapter. Asus really pulled out all the stops for accessories here. I have an EEE Pad Transformer, and I thought the charger was going to be as ugly as the Transformer's is, but I was wrong. Asus created the same spun finish on the sides of the charger as it did for the front of the laptop. I was really impressed.8. Warranties included! One good thing about buying from Amazon is that Asus includes a 1 year global warranty and a 1 year accidental damage warranty. If you buy this computer from any of several brick and mortar stores in the US, the warranties aren't included. Since some credit cards add a year on to any manufacturer's warranty, for me, this was a free two-year warranty!9. Design elements. I love the wedge profile of this computer. If I'm going to spend over a grand on a laptop, I want something that stands out, which this certainly does. As I mentioned, the body feels very strong, but it's still quite light. I can slip it into my backpack without even noticing its weight.When I bought this computer, I had heard about the negative reviews. My biggest concerns were:1. Bad/slow wirelessActually, my reception has been fine. I've used this in my apartment and in class, and I haven't had any problems whatsoever. I didn't have to adjust my wireless settings to full power or anything like that.2. Unusable touchpadI admit, when I first started using the UX31, I was furious. The touchpad was skittish and nonreceptive. However, the update helped a huge amount. I'm still not completely used to the fact that the touchpad stays nonreceptive for a second or so after typing (as to not move the cursor with my wrists), but I'll learn to manage. Although it's a little disappointing for such an expensive product, I can live with it.Furthermore, it took me a little while to realize this, but the bottom "button" area of the touchpad isn't designed to be used as a touchpad. It's more or less just a built in button. Now that I know that, it's not annoying when my fingers don't register movement on the bottom of the touchpad.3. Shallow keysThe keyboard on this machine is high quality. I really like typing with it, and even though it took me a little while to get used to the position and feel of the keys, it's just as easy to type on as my desktop (or, almost as easy).After using this machine for around two days now, I've decided that I'm definitely keeping it. While the touchpad isn't as stellar as I would like it to be, the shape, sound, and other physical attributes of the UX31 more than make up for it. Well done, Asus. The MacBook Air has a real competitor now.
computer|You can add my name to the list of people who was disappointed with this laptop that I ended up returning it. But before I get into what bothered me, I'll start off with what was great:1) Design- it is beautiful laptop. Compare it the Macbook Air if you want, but I think it is nicer. The aluminum brush, the tapered edges all make for a nice machine.2) Weight- very light, although with the aluminum it was still a bit heavier than it could have been. I guess it gives a solid feel to it.3) Battery life- I barely even need to charge this thing. It lasts for 6+ hours, and on standby, i never needed to plug it in.4) Screen- 1600x900 is certainly the best in its class, and the screen is very bright. I'll get into the problems later on.5) Adapters- I was pleasantly surprised to learn that asus provided a VGA and ethernet adapter. Just another thing to brag about when you talk to your apple buddies who pay an extra $60 for adapters.6) Case- also, something Asus didn't have to include, but did anyways. Very nice, professional case, with matching bag for adapters7) Power adapter- Compact!The bad:1) The trackpad- ok, maybe I haven't used enough touchpads in a while, but I never realized that touchpads could be so problematic. I thought they were one of those components that "just worked". I don't need any of the jitteryness or the overshooting with the touchpad. I should just be able to swipe my finger and go where I need to go. This was not the case with the UX31. Yes, I tried to optimize it with software, new drivers and bios, but still it was not perfect.2) The keyboard- again, I did not think you can screw up a keyboard! But lo and behold, I was missing keys left and right. I guess I wasn't pressing down hard enough, or not pressing in the center. Whatever the case may be, I shouldn't have to think so hard about typing- I should be able to just sit down and type.3) Wireless/Internet- With the max performance power setting, my signal was still inferior to my four year old laptop. A worse signal, lower speeds, and very fluctuant. And it doesn't have a 5 GHz channel. And it didn't even seem to connect at 300. And it doesn't have any modern features (like WiDi). Not very promising for a computer I plan on keeping for multiple years. While I'm talking about internet, just want to say that while its great they included the ethernet adapter, it won't be able to do gigabit internet. Kind of a step down, when my 4 year old laptop can...4) Screen- While the screen resolution was impressive, I'm not a big fan of reflections. Also, the vertical viewing angle was disappointing, although I have read that these viewing angles are pretty good compared to other machines in its class. Maybe my expectations were too high. Perhaps its unreasonable, but I don't think its acceptable to actually have to tilt your screen slightly so you can read the white clock in the windows 7 taskbar.5) Power connector- it was so thin that jiggling it a bit lost the power connection. Not something I expect to last in the long term.So those were the things that forced me to return the laptop. I really wanted to like it. But when the really basic, everyday interactions (ie, the touchpad, keyboard, internet, and screen) are all subpar, its just not worth it.
computer|First let me say this is the best computer I have ever had....ever...and I am a computer geek. However one problem surfaced right away. If you are a fast typist and aren't looking at the screen you will miss that much of the time the cursor jumps to another location and you are typing on the wrong line. Often the entire line will highlight and you will type the next key and it will entirely delete the line. This computer has the worst case of keyboard jump I have seen in laptops in over 8 years. Just horrendous. I was considering returning it but decided to hook an external keyboard to it instead. It worked perfectly (but of course you don't want to carry around one of those}. That told me, however, it was the ASUS keyboard and not something inherent in the computer itself. So, I started to play with some settings. Here is the problem: Multitouch. Here is the fix: Go into the windows control panel (in icon mode), click the mouse choice, select "Elan" (rightmost tab),click the Options button and go to the multifinger tab. work through all of the choices on the left: zooming, scrolling etc and UNCHECK all the enables.Click Apply and OK. Problem solved. Of course you won't have multitouch but who cares?
computer|The laptops design - top notch. I returned my air last week after I saw this laptop. The metal finish is really amazing and the laptop is built very sturdily. It's got a nicer metal finish than the air and it does not leave nearly as many fingerprints. It's a grey shiny steel that really gives the laptop a unique appearance.I got the UX-31E because I don't really think it makes sense to get an i-7 in this laptop. The i-5 is blazingly fast already - the computer loads up programs faster than my overclocked i-7 4.2Ghz (Overclocked). I know part of it is the "new computer effect", but the speed it reboots and starts up is amazing and audio and movies are smooth. Here are the major things I've noticed:Sound: Better than my MacBook pro. Thank Harmon Kardon -- those guys are genius. When you hear it, you will be like wow, that is pretty amazing.(4.5 - 5)Trackpad: When I first got the laptop, I almost chucked it against the wall. Then I installed, reinstalled, deleted, installed, and finally downloaded the Sentelic drivers -- tried the Elantech ones at first. Now it works, scrolls, and is pretty much an average windows trackpad with the Mac things built in. You gotta give it to apple, they made the trackpad magical. This trackpad is kind of like the Ryan Leaf of trackpads -- it looks nice and large so that you could paint on it -- its designed well with a nice piece of glass -- but its a giant bust. The left button sometimes does not click -- I still have one week to return so I may return and see if its a defect on my laptop or just the model. I have not had many reports of it online, so it could just be me. At the same time, you can always tap to click o ntrackpad which is what ive been doing anyway. So trackpad rating now: 3 out of 5. There is an update in the works, and most people have been saying that it will improve much of what is currently not working.Screen: Blows the air out of the water - brighter colors, darker blacks and vivid. Also higher res -- And I do a lot of photography, and the glare screen hasnt killed me yet -- i do wish it was Matte but c'est la vie. (4.5-5 == only because I have a very nice monitor for my desktop -- laptop wise its excellent)Speed: 5-5 (I am amazed at how fast this thing is. Just did some adobe photoshop rendering with blazing fast speeds)Battery: 6.4 hours and going with intermittent use over 4 days. Still says 30% remaining. (Continuous use with Wifi 6 hours 14 minutes)WiFi: Whoever keeps whining about his wifi, I think you guys need better routers. It picks up every signal perfectly fine -- update your drivers (This is true for the whole thing -- just do it, everything gets better. Its windows -- all about the drivers!) (4-5) Download speeds have been quick for me and I have not had any real issues here.SD Reader: Rare in these kinds of ultrabooks but awesome -- If im not mistaken, the Air doesn't have that.Overall 4 (maybe 5 if the trackpad drivers are updated well) --- because yes, the trackpad is not perfect -- I may / may not get an external mouse. Haven't decided.Otherwise, this thing is faster, lighter, thinner and better than the Air. I own Mac's, I know some of you will whine, but it is true. It improves on a lot of things and it's windows which means I can finally use Office without it crashing every 5 seconds on a Mac, or Excel that runs Macros.
computer|At long last, PC users finally have a strong alternative to the Macbook Air in the ultrathin, ultralight category. The ASUS UX31 meets or exceeds the technical specifications of the base model 13" Macbook Air, while starting many hundreds of dollars less expensive. Kudos to ASUS for throwing in the VGA and ethernet dongles rather than nickel-and-dime-ing you like Apple with extra charges for these standard accessories. The included sleeve will do a fine job protecting the laptop, but it seems like rather cheap synthetic materials to me- can't complain at this price, though.In particular, I was happy to see ASUS put a high-resolution 1600x900 13" display, unlike the recently announced Acer ultrabook which has a standard 1366x768 resolution. More time with Adobe Creative Suite will be needed for a final verdict, but the display seems high-quality enough for most consumers.I found the keyboard to require a bit more pressure on keys to type with than the Macbook Air, resulting in some missed keystrokes, but that will probably change over time. Also, the trackpad does not have a high-quality feel to it- the front is split into two "clickable" regions, but the touchpad layer itself feels like a brittle, thin film of plastic that FEELS like it will break after a while- only time will tell.Thank goodness for the other reviewer who mentioned downloading new drivers for the trackpad- the "Sentelic Finger Sensing Pad" has HORRIBLE response out of the box- often not recognizing taps and gestures, jumpy tracking, and choppy scrolling. I wouldn't have noticed since the Asus LiveUpdate utility did not report any new software. It turns out that the drivers on the support site are labeled as "Beta" and won't be automatically downloaded until they are considered "final". Do yourself a favor, though, and download them anyway. Still not as smooth and accurate as on the Macbook Air, but a big improvement.To answer a comment on the previous review, this laptop uses WiFi/Bluetooth hardware from Atheros, not Intel, so WiDi is not supported. I've had some flakiness with the WiFi- not sure how good the reception is, as I'm very close (i.e. at the same desk) to the base station and often not getting more than 3/5 bars in the indicator.Thankfully, the laptop comes without too much additional software. Trend Micro antivirus software is included, but I didn't activate it and simply downloaded the free Microsoft Security Essentials instead so it will be easily updated with Windows Update- oh, and be prepared for the usual many waves of Windows Updates to install, with one batch causing the laptop to freeze and hang after reboot for me, forcing a hard reset. Not a great first experience, but one I'll blame Microsoft for rather than ASUS. Finally, ASUS and Intel have a bunch of annoying gadgets installed to show you various battery and CPU status, but they seem easily uninstalled.The one thing I'm confused about is the so-called "ASUS Instant On" feature. Honestly, I don't know what turning "Instant On" ON does other than change the default Start menu button from "Shutdown" to "Sleep". Sleep mode with automatic Hibernation when the battery gets low has already been part of Windows 7, so is it really doing something different that requires me to keep yet ANOTHER utility open and running all the time? Seems like just marketing- except if so, this marketing spin adds yet another cr@plet running on the desktop...?
