computer|I have never felt like it was necessary to write a review before, but since I have purchased this piece of worthless junk I feel like the world should be made aware of it. I bought this for my son who basically surfs the web and plays games. First of all, you can't play games, at least not through the google play store. You cannot download apps like you can onto a kindle. So basically you have a web browser with very bad customer service. You have a 15 day return window and then absolutely no recourse after that. You can even call for help and they will hang up on you. Very rude customer service. Buy a kindle fire - great customer service, great price, you can surf the web and download apps. No, I don't work for amazon. I would be proud if I did. Kindle fire price is way better too! Stay away from "chromebooks" - aka junk.
computer|Okay, so I bought this thinking, "hey, I do almost all my stuff through a browser and I like Google stuff". Too bad I didn't say, "this thing is underpowered, slow, and a really bad OS". I opened it. Turned it on, and within 15 minutes it was back in the box and I was figuring out how to return. And by the way, Google charges a 15% restocking fee on this thing. They should pay me for the time wasted. Spend an extra 100 or 200 and get a real budget laptop. This thing can't play games, can't play iTunes, can't do almost all thing you would think a laptop should do. No MS Office. No JAVA. Good grief. What a waste of a machine. If you are only doing e-mail and Google searches, you might get away with it. Otherwise, forget it. My kids don't even want it. And I will never buy another Google product again after the restocking fee charge. So Goodbye to Google.
computer|I am so sorry I purchased this thing. I wish I had looked up more on it. But I read the reviews, thinking it must be a good one. MAN was I wrong.
computer|The chromebook was perfectly fine fast and easy to use, the only thing I dont like was the screen resolution..pixels are to big, is not good
computer|Santa (aka the wife) brought me one for Christmas.My Chromebook has the portability to travel with me to work, the in-laws, hotels and really anywhere I need to have access to a computer.Many will tell you that functionality is limited without the internet via WI-FI or a wired connection. And this can be true in some cases, but honestly in this day and age, where do you go that doesn't have access to a wireless connection in some form? And on those rare instances that you are actually in no-mans land as it were, there are many offline applications available from the Chrome Web Store to help you still get work done.Larger then most tablets and with an actual physical keyboard, my Chromebook fills a need for a speedy personal computer device that uses all the Google services that I already need and love. Plus, with a growing library of apps available, this is a great item for every member of your family and a cost effective one too.And finally, the Chrome OS is always improving. The user experience is stress free and quite easy for even everyone to grasp. Updates are free and virus threats are NIL.Why would you not want all this?
computer|Love this little computer. It is a netbook people it is not a pc. The netbook is light weight and is easy for homework and lite gaming. But tue computer ment to do normal things like writing a doc or surfing the web. If you are looking for a heavy gaming computer then go with a alienware ok. But over all it is a great netbook for you money.
computer|I am having a Problem with my computer it wont carge to 100% and 2 nights ago it lost all charge now it wont charge at all no Blue light and no Orange light will come on i am so upset with this problem i have taken the battery off several times still no good Please tell me what to do i just got it jan 15 aint had it no mth Yet do i need to send it Back and yall send me another Computer Or What!!!!!!Please send me some info ASAP there is nothing in the Booklet that tells me what to do if it dosent charge. Thanks Kaitlyn Roof.
computer|perfect for what my family and I were looking for. Easy access to internet and available to everyone in the family. Easy to carry around.
computer|I bought this for my daughter. She was less than impressed with Google's OS, but is slowly figuring out how to download apps and make it more useable. Maybe not a good device for someone's first netbook.
computer|Got this about 4 months ago. The display died for no apparent reason (no trauma to the device, no slamming it shut, no spilled beverages...nothing). When I called Acer they said the screen had cracked internally and that I would have to pay $99 + tax + shipping to get it repaired. Now, if I had damaged the thing I would agree. But I didn't. I believe that shoddy workmanship internally led to the problem, so I will just replace. But not with another Chrome book (due to the product limitations already discussed in other reviews) AND I certainly wouldn't buy another Acer product cince I am now convinced they do not stand behind their products.
computer|We just bought this for our eight-year old daughter. We love the price, and love that it can support her educational web-based classes. I was trying to download Zoodles for her, and it seems that Adobe Flash is not supported on this device. Either it is not supported, or way to complicated for me. Either way, this knocks it down from five stars for me.AdjustmentI've adjusted my review. I would say google's error message could be revised, saving a newbie like myself some confusion. I'm a bit disappointed that she can't do Zoodles, but that is not a deal breaker for us. I think this a a fabulous product at a great price point. I'm a bit jealous of my eight year old!
computer|Best product u have ever owned and very resonable price. I recommended to anyone with high school age kids.Best
computer|This is a steal for 200 bucks . love the quality just remember it is a Chrome Notebook not a laptop so no windows or word but you can get similar apps to write a paper ect.... My daughter uses it for home work to search the Wed for research and write a paper. 200.00 dollors, Love it
computer|It was good and fast delivery but the fact the power cord is only suitable for America and I had to pay additional costs to get a converter to Australian standards which was hard to find was the only disappointing thing and I probably wouldnt have purchased it if I knew this fact. Also I got a too bad so sad reply when I ask the seller regarding this point.
computer|The Acer is perfect for our needs. Light weight, great picture. It arrived sooner than expected, and my husband has enjoyed surfing the web ever since.
computer|I wanted to try out the Google laptop and finally I am able to thanks to Amazon. I am still learning and have yet to figure out the hard drive storage but all-in-all I am happy with it. Especially since my Windows 8 PC have begun rebooting inexplicably now.
computer|It does exactly what it says it does. Not as good as a typical laptop but amazingly good for The price. Very happy.
computer|I got this for free at points2shop ( sign up here [...] )Anyways, this is a very good laptop. It has high speed internet and gives all I personally need, which is the internet and a sort of open office program (in this case google drive)It has 1 click shortcuts to places like youtube, gmail, google serach, etcAnother benefit is the massive hard drive.. so you have a lot of space.I would advise anyone to buy this laptop. 5 out of 5 stars!:)It really is great for anyone that wants just an affordable, good quality, laptop.
computer|I'm a tech idiot and I was so suprised at how easy it is to use. I'm an old codger and have been able to master this thing in just a couple days.
computer|I think someone told me that I would only be able to benefit from this Chromebook for two years. What happens after that? Do I have to pay more money? Id idn't know that when I bought it and don't like the idea if it's true. Otherwise, It's light and doesn't get bogged down like my other computers.
computer|Haven't used this much yet; however, so far it is great. Google OS, keyboard, and touch pad function well and are easy to use.
computer|Like I said in the title, this was a great gift for a Google lover. The boot time of the Chromebook is excellent and its performance is above average in terms of speed. You have to get used to its layout if you are used to Windows or Mac OSx
computer|This is a gift for my grandson. He picked the laptop. He seems very happy.xx x x x x x x x
computer|I am just writing to let you know of my complete disappointment in the Acer Chromebook. This product is just aweful all around and stopped working completely within 1 month of use. I called the support number given with the warranty and was told I had to pay the postage to return the device and could only expect repairs no credit or refund. As this computer is used for business we are now down one computer for a week and have no plans to continue using it when it is returned as it is very limited in its functions. We are going to Best Buy right now to buy a HP laptop for $50 more the the cost of the Acer Chromebook and have plans to buy more laptops for our office in the near future. Given the poor quality and poor response of the Acer Chromebook we will not be making any future purchases of Acer products.
computer|Was not what I was expecting doesn't load half the sites I try and takes long time to load the other half
computer|Forget using this for work or anything productive. THis is only going to work for a moron who just wants to check facebook and play Angry Birds or grandma whose whole life can be run through one email.YOU CAN NOT ACCESS IMAP EMAILS. AT ALL Forget working remotely, forget taking this on vacation. There isn't even the most basic of word processors. This machine embodies everything wrong with computers: geared to time wasting and not work.
computer|I know computers but I don't know what to look for when buying a computer. I don't know what things I should need and honestly I don't really know what any of the details about the computers mean. Anyways, I needed a new laptop for school, this one has pretty good reviews so I bought it. Chromebooks cannot open other programs. I have to have a lockdown program for an online class and chromebooks cannot open other files. It has an app store that you can download apps to your computer. Its a nice computer and all but i'm pretty disappointed that I can't use it at all for school. Youre pretty much skrewed if you want any other program on here.
computer|I ordered one just to see how it worked and why it sold out at Christmas. You can rest assured its going back tomorrow. The keyboard is too small and even the extra large font strains you eyes. The display is not good and there is no way to enlarge apps. I tried to get AOL from Google as an app but forget it. If you Facebook you can enlarge using their screen but everything else is so small. And, its slow as can be! I won't go on an on. This is a good machine for a child or someone who just wants to surf the internet and has good eyes. I suspect the Samsung model is similar and that neither one is a worthwhile investment even though they are cheap. You get what you pay for.
computer|I love everything about this computer, from its size and light weight to its speed and keyboard feel, this lap-top is a winner. And, now, kids can say: "The Cloud ate my homework!"
computer|When I bought this, I was really excited because my current laptop is on it's last leg, the CB was cheap, and the guys at the store told me it worked like any old laptop. I told them that I just wanted three things: AIM, Netflix, and a word processor. While it can take all three, it is hardly friendly. Honestly, I didn't even bother trying Netflix and returned this within an hour of purchasing it.There was no "app" just for AIM (or Pidgin, which is what I use now) and the apps I could find literally just opened up new tabs in the browser window. That's highly inconvenient because I like to chat while reading what webpage I'm on. Plus the music player was awkward, the scrolling barely worked, and the interface was sometimes confusing (though that last bit would be taken care of with just getting used to it).I was going to give it a day, but then ads just started to randomly play -- even with no browser open. Nope! Brought that back faster than anything in my life.
computer|I just wasted 200+ on a computer that won't run JAVA. I am a single mom, so I didn't really have money to waste.
computer|The specs list appears to contain errors. The USB ports seem to be 2.0 rather than 3.0 as stated. The cpu is Intel rather than AMD Phenom.P.S. I put in a star rating because Amazon requires it. I have not even used this item. I just happen to know that the specs differ from those listed in reviews elsewhere (and I have confirmed the information elsewhere to be correct by visiting the Acer website --see [...] ). If one expected USB 3.0 ports & got USB 2.0 ports instead it would be a source of disappointment so it seemed more appropriate to give one star rather than 4. I am posting this because if I were considering buying this I would like to know this information.
computer|New Acer C7 C710-2847 Chromebook 11.6" Intel Dual Core B847 1.1 GHz 2GB DDR3 320GB 5400RPM HDD Wifi HDMI USB3.0 VGA Card Reader is the most total worthless piece of junk I ave ever encountered and google should be sued and forced to recall everyone of them ever sold it will not stay connect to your web page for more than 15 minutes at a time then it goes into invalid URL mode that can only sometimes be fixed by doing a complete factory reset on the device it decides to just randomly opening files on it its own such as any pictures you have stored in it. It also does not like its own built in apps and informs you that opening the app will damage the device and will not open anything it is way over priced and my iphone 3gs works better than this thing does. Do yourself a huge favor and do not buy this.
computer|La mini lapto llego a Venezuela despues de 25 dias de haberla comprado, despues de revisarla es todo un exito! no tengo ninguna de quejas sobre el producto, es estupendo!
computer|very good i really like it there is nothing bad to say about it everybody should get one .. .
computer|This thing is a pretty sweet little computer. Bought for 199, paid 20 bucks for a 4 gig SO-DIMM and now have 6 total ram with a low power consumption celeron processor. For a sub 12 in screen, this thing works fairly well. Understand what youre getting into. If you want to do simple word processing and spreadsheet editing and use google products, then chrome os is a good alternative to something like a tablet. Battery life is what it is. The screen looks good for what it is. Ill be dual booting ubuntu here in a couple of days, and if this goes as planned, ill be a happy little camper.
computer|For its size/ price, it's a great little web book to tool around the internet. Chrome browser is great.I have a vacation home in the boonies with limited internet. As the Chromebook has an HDMI port and will support Amazon Prime movies, I had hoped to download movies in the city, bring the Chromebook to the hills, plug it into my TV, and watch movies. Not so.The movies must be streamed. You can't download movies to the Chromebook without jumping through hoops. You can't even down load movies from Google, the Chromebook guys.
computer|I wanted a chromebook since introduction and the price point was very attractive. On the plus side this unit is very fast with boot times and web page access. On the bad side: No Netflix access out of the box. They claim a fix is coming for this issue but so far nothing. Perhaps later this year. Rating goes to 4 star when Netflix becomes available.
computer|My Aunt love it!!!! She really does! I am so happy I found this in time for christmas! She now has a laptop!
computer|Bought this for my tween daughter and she absolutely loves it. I think it's perfect for her, and it came on time for Christmas. She still thanks me to this day. I would definitely order from this person again.
computer|This product is amazing, does everything i wanted it too do. except minecraft and skype -_-so now im just going to write random words, popcorn, chips, misery, cool, hysteria, mitosis
computer|I have been researching laptops for months trying to find the perfect one for our family needs. We are on a budget so I was mostly trying to find one that would allow for fast Internet surfing and my children to use their on-line programs they use for school. This little machine fits the bill! It was super easy to set-up and since I have a Samsung Galaxy phone I was already used to using apps. The only thing I don't love about laptops is the mouse so I bought a wireless Logitech mouse. I find it much easier than using the mouse on the keyboard.The kids have already watched some movies on Netflix and it worked perfectly. The battery will last about four hours but I'm mostly keeping it plugged in so that doesn't bother me. If you are looking for a simple budget friendly laptop I don't think you can go wrong with this one. I am very happy with the purchase. I would recommend checking to see if Best Buy has it before you buy it from here, though. They are selling them for $199 when you can find them in stock.February 2013 Update:I've had it for a month now and it is still running great! I took a class at work on Google Drive and have fallen in love with the concept. Google Docs are great for collaboration. I can share information with my co-workers and instantly see feedback. We are actually using them quite a bit in the school I teach in. I find they do work a lot like Microsoft Office. I'm a resource teacher and got approval for five of these in my classroom. I can't wait to start using them with the kids. Also, there is Remote Access App. you can use to connect to other PC's. If I really want to use Excel or Word I can remote access to my home PC and use it on the Chromebook. I have no regrets purchasing this and can't believe how useful it has been for the price.
computer|I had the cr48 and to be honest, it wasn't opened that much. In the past I've considered myself a power user and have always used my $1600 thinkpad x220 for most of my work. So what's the deal with this thing>-Great form factor-Brilliant screen-ChromeOS still has no support for google apps domains with SSO enabled (SecureAuth, Ping Federate, etc)-Chicklet keys on this device take some getting used to as they are very light-No back lighting on keys-Chrome now has a desktop which is bauce as hellAll in all, the experience is so much better than the cr48, Google is getting there and this type of device is a huge step in the right direction. If anyone from the Chrome team reads this, please add support for domains with SSO enabled (this means I need to be able to add an account from a domain with SSO enabled) and Smartcard/CAC support for the public sector. Acer has done a great job with this device, hats off to them for this!
computer|Best computer on the market for the price. Lightning quick. Access to chrome store - similar to Google app store but apps for your chrome book.Its got everything my lap top does besides a CD drive. I highly recommend it. Haven't run into any problems yet. Got it for my wife for Christmas.A+ - good job Google!!!
computer|Installed Linux Ubuntu on it. Installation went well and functions great on Ubuntu 12.04. Everything works great except for the mousepad. You can't turn off the touchpad so mouse moves around when you're typing on the keyboard. There are no buttons on the touchpad and works by just touching the pad. No pressure, just a touch. Your palm moves the pointer and it clicks on things when you don't want it to. Not being able to turn off the mousepad is a big problem. Drag and drop is also difficult.
computer|had it up and running in less than five minutes. So far, so good. Wanted an inexpensive machine for just web browsing and e-mail. Small, light-weight and no surprises yet. Still learning its features but am happy with purchase.
computer|Rebooting takes a wopping 30 seconds!Everything is super fast and runs efficiently. You have to get used to doing everything using the google apps and google drive.The chromebook doesn't do audio streaming very well as it hiccups and pauses every minute or so.
computer|Purchased as a gift for my husband to be a replacement for his very old lap top and an addition to his Nook. It arrived when specified and came packaged so that I would've known if there had been any tampering with the product. My husband loves the Chromebook and has used it to surf the internet as well as enjoy the features of the chrome store. I personally do not like the small size as the screen is difficult to see for me (who is blind as a bat). It also would not be super for a productivity tool in that the design is mainly to surf, blog, etc. but, it is very light and compact. My husband loves it!
computer|I got this laptop for my daughter for Christmas. She absolutely loves it. I read a bunch about people saying it's hard to navigate on this operating system. My 10 year old daughter didn't have any problems with it at all. She had the computer completely set up in 5 minutes. Love the fact that you can download apps just like an ipod. This is definitely a great laptop!
computer|Meets all my demands for hassle-free computer and then some. Turns on quickly, easy to learn, great keyboard, easy to personalize. I highly recommend it.
computer|great product exceeded expectations as it was light portable and very easy to use any where. Amazing fast and easy to operate
computer|For the price the chromebook is perfect. It's OS is easy to figure out and navigate. Also the screen size is much better than my last netbook that was a 10.1.
computer|Very good computer for school! Excellent company to purchase from. My girls love this computer and so does their teacher!
computer|I did not like it at all, i returned the item. Was unable to use a hotspot. Very unhappy with this product.
computer|It didn't let me add things to it. It froze on me. I also need some more option and it didn't have windows what I needed for school.
computer|muy buena el producto llego en la fecha acordada el vendedor responsable llego sellada y sin detalle 100% se lo recomiendo
computer|Its not like a laptop and I can;t download or transfer from my other laptop that I do have stuff on. I haven't figured out how to download and for me its very difficult. Thank yoju.
computer|I am a driver. I rely on my internet stick. This product does not take a internet stick of any kind. The reason Google chrome doesn't support this platform.
computer|I bought one of these from the Google Play Store under the mistaken assumption that this was a laptop capable of doing what other laptops do. If you want to have a computer that can edit documents, play video or music while offline, this is not the product for you. If you want a smartphone with a bigger screen and full keyboard, buy it.
computer|just got my new acer computer, purchased 2 of them. One works and one doesn't. The one that won't work has an error message that says chrome os is missing or damaged. Amazon told me to call Acer. ACER SAID I HAVE TO GO AND PURCHASE A FLASH DRIVE AND GET ANOTHER COMPUTER TO DOWNLOAD THE OPERATING SYSTEM ONTO SO THAT I CAN UPLOAD IT ONTO THE BRAND NEW COMPUTER. BECAUSE ACER FAILED TO DO THEIR JOB AND SOLD ME A COMPUTER THAT HAS NO OPERATING SYSTEM INSTALLED, OR IT IS DAMAGED, I GUESS THEY DON'T BELIEVE IN QUALITY CONTROL AND CHECKING THEIR PRODUCT BEFORE SELLING/SHIPPING.....EXCUSE ME, BUT I DON'T THINK SO. PURE PIECE OF CRAP....WILL NEVER SPEND A WHITTLE OF SPIT ON ANYTHING WITH THE NAME ACER ON IT...........SAVE YOURSELF THE HEADACHE
computer|I bought this primarily for my Mom to use hooked up to a large screen television. It worked for about ten days.The resolution 1024x768 enabled you use the computer fine but with a nice 37" monitor. There was also 720p and 1080p available, but they all managed to cut off the top, bottom or side of the web browser making it very frustrating to use, if not useless.Then after about 10 days the 1024x768 resolution was no longer available. I found a way to cycle through the available resolution(s) Ctrl-F4, but now the only two available are 720p and 1080p. Again this extremely frustrating for me an experienced user. It is impossible for my Mom to use. So let me see I paid over $213 for the Chromebook, another $80 for a wireless keyboard and mouse. And several hundred dollars for a large screen TV. (I won't count that as a loss as it still has other uses.) But I have sunk $300 on this piece of crap, not to mention countless hours of scouring forums looking for solutions and developing carpotunnel from clicking the mouse to try and find the hidden controls off screen.
computer|Okay so I'm traveling and decided I needed a small computer to take with me for business and the Acer was on sale and within my budget, so I thought it would be perfect, great reviews and everything. That's all bull*&%#! It's difficult to manage and every time I go to upload some pictures from my camera it lets me review them, fix them, and the to top it all off it deletes them without saving anything! I can't even access them on my camera now it completely wiped out all memory of them! I can't access my documents offline, and it keeps giving me a file incompatible message whenever I try to use a GOOGLE app! Hello its a freaking GOOGLE CHROMEBOOK! At least make something compatible with your own company! Never again will I buy an ACER or a CHROMEBOOK!
computer|I just got the laptop its great at first, but the google cloud print sucks, Webpages dont load after awhile major issuesAnd you ca only use chrome.... dont but it
computer|The title describes it all. Its a nice looking chromebook. Starts up really fast, the picture quality is good. everything is great I give it three stars but it lacks bluetooth. I've also been having trouble finding accessories that are compatible
computer|This chrome book is the easiest fastest startup I have ever had for any personal computing device. Literally 5 minutes to set up. It surfs quickly, is incredibly user-friendly, and so easy to use that both my mother and son have no problems whatsoever running it. Love it!
computer|Things are changing ,especially in hardware, and Chromebooks are an excellent example of this. Like the "netbooks" before it, the Acer is small, thin, light and extremely portable. Unlike those netbooks however, the Acer is very focused in it's mission and not trying to be a traditional laptop. It knows exactly who it is.It is wireless and depends on a wireless network to preform much of it's functions, so you need to be online to do much of anything on this machine. Much of what it does is in the cloud . It doesn't run java but don't confuse that with javascript which is much of what is deployed on the web.This machine is fast and economical. It comes with the fastest browser available (Chrome). It is NOT a windows machine. But I haven't missed windows once.Great machine IMHO. Price point is perfect. The ACER is nicely built, works exactly as expected.Addition- Want to modify a bit? Check this out... [...]
computer|Ive never had any problems with anything ... if it was damaged they send new.. if it is missing they replace it.
computer|I have bought 2 other net books and was very happy with both of them, I bought this one because of the price, as it was cheaper than my other 2 netbooks and was just as happy with this one. The only negative thing I have found with the acer chromebook is from the first day when you want to move the side bar down to move the frame down, I have to try 3 or 4 times before it catches to be able to move it almost every time. However it is very quick and very smooth to work with. I can say for the price that I payed I am happy with this product
computer|I am really enjoying this device. The C7 has the Hard Drive so I can store a grip of my Pics and Music locally. It browses the web Quick. Connects to my Android Tablet/Hotspot(4G). And is great for intended use. I do a lot of research and Teach Technology Classes. So something simple that Works is very well appreciated.I have heard the Battery life was not so good. However I get at least 3.5 to 4.25 Hours of use on a full charge, depending on use. All Around I think its Great. However I would like to see Skype work on this platform and the ability to attach to Network Storage/Network Shares. Or have a Media Center Software Compliment. I will work around that soon though myself :D
computer|You know, a Chromebook is a combination of software and hardware.Software: Google Chrome OS works better than I expected. It is fast and responsive. It starts up and opens websites really really fast. Comparing to other browsers running on Windows, it is at least 1 time faster than Chrome itself, 2 - 3 times faster than Firefox, 5 times faster than IE. So far I found 95% of apps that I need in google webstore. The missing ones is: media player like QQ Player that is compatible with all type of media.Hardware: It is solid, light weight, and looks good. Comparing to APPLE MacAir and ACER S3, it weights about the same but a bit thicker. The screen is clear and can be viewed at any angle. The flip joint is steady. The speaker is a bit low but sounds great with a pair of ear bud. The touchpad, once you learn how to use it from &#8220;Get Started&#8221;, you will love it. The built-in HDMI port works flawlessly with my 56-inch LCD TV. The USB port recognizes my wireless keyboard so I can play YouTube videos in the bed. If Google WebStore provided the Media Player like those in Android phone, I could throw away the Roku box. The battery lasts about 4 hours. My only complain is the keyboard layout. I don&#8217;t know why they make all navigation keys (up,down,left,right,pgup,pgdn) so tiny, squeezed in the same space as one huge right SHIFT key. Here I want to say: all keys are born equal and subject to the size of normal human figures. Also the HOME and END keys are positioned awkwardly on the top, inside of INS and DEL key.Over all, I am quite satisfied with the product. I can use it to accomplish most things, for both fun and business. At the price, it is the best value in the market. I would recommend it to anyone.
computer|I bought this for a friend at work and he seemed happy with it so i will have to say all good so far! Thanks.
computer|I absolutely love my new Acer C7 Chromebook. I am a college student and couldnt be more happy. Great buy, you can hook it up to ur hdtv and it looks amazing. ITS FAST, alot of usb imports, great size.
computer|I've been using this computer for two months or so and I LOVE IT! I have a macbook pro 13 inch for my regular computer and i use this for basic web surfing and streaming video online. It has great battery life, great screen resolution, and great portability. I would recommend this to anyone who does not know how to use a computer well and just needs a basic computer for websurfing, word processing, and video streaming. It has a lot for the price tag, which best buy sells it a bit cheaper for $199, that is where i purchased mine but I guess with tax would come out to the same price here if you aren't under the new state law tax. I love it!
computer|I got this baby at bestbuy for $199 03/13. I also got a 1yr warranty for $50, and a $10 laptop case with wireless mouse at Ross. In total it was around $270. Great buy. I needed it to do some light browsing and making websites on godaddy etc.Its's NOT a PC, Windows, Mac it is Chrome OS. It uses web browsers(internet) to download useful apps. Note: You will NEED internet to fully enjoy the internet supported apps. It has everything you need to do school work like writing papers to making slideshows. It has so many apps for games, music, video, photo etc.You can't download software like Minecraft, Itunes, Photoshop, etc.Performance is pretty good (bumming off wifi from neighbors ;p) It has built in antivirus! So don't worry about buying expensive software! All apps are free and tons to choose from!Have fun with your chtomebook!Espanol-Spanish: Muy buena compu. Tiene antevirus. Es rapida. Perfecto para estudiantes. Muy barrata. Buena marca. Yo lo recommendo para todos. :)
computer|So I went into this whole Chrome book thing reticently as I was new to it, and I always had this notion in my head that things that are generally &#34;cheap&#34; equal crap. However, I just felt compelled to purchase this because of my father, and from reading all the outstanding reviews about this Acer. And I won't keep blathering on: it's an amazing computer.First off, the build quality of this Acer, for 200 dollars blows me away. Now, it's not a svelte unibody aluminum enclosure, backlit, super powerful laptop. But it is a very solid laptop with a great keyboard (writing this review on it now), great screen, and the overall feel of it is just nice and sturdy. With some laptops you feel like you'll break them, but with this it is not only light and portable, but also a bit rugged. I used to own a Macbook Pro Retina, so you'd think it'd be hell for me to switch, but for the limited things I do, this Acer does it perfectly at like 2000 bucks cheaper.Secondly, Chrome OS is a really cool OS. Now, I will say it takes a bit of getting used to, as all new things require. However, once you're up and running, just about everything that can be done in Windows can be done in this neat little OS by Google. I know Google is going to continually expand Chrome OS, and the app selection is only growing, so I am actually excited about the future of this device and OS.All in all I am very happy with my purchase. For $200 you get a great little laptop, perfect for a student like me, that emulates a lot of the functions in either OSX or Windows via their Google Docs and Google Drive. It may not be as extensive in the amount it can do compared to those other OS's, but really, it's perfect if you already have a desktop and need a portable machine for those times you're out of the house.TLDR: Great machine, solidly built. Chrome OS is awesome. I highly recommend this laptop!
computer|i wanted a cheap and simple computer and this did it, i named mine pablo and my girlfriend is jealous
computer|This chromebook is now my main laptop. Fast easy to set up plus no security to worry about since its done for you. Great price !
computer|I absolutely love this laptop. Its small and light enough to carry in my bag and easy to get my work done.
computer|bought it for my 12 year old grandson. It does everything he needs it to. It is just the right size for him to carry around!!!
computer|really good price but so different from most computers i use am still tring to figure out a lot of stuff like printing, copy and paste am always having to look up how to do thids or that some i find answers to others i find answers to but still can't figure out all in all don't expect it to do alot but is great for surfing
computer|Bought it for my son. I have not used it but he loves it. Great price compared to other laptops.
computer|This product offers a lot for the money.I was interested in installing Ubuntu. I found the link below providing detailed information of the shortcomings and difficulties in making such an installation. Has anyone else successfully performed such a test and happy with the installation?[...]
computer|Google Chrome is a streamlined operating system, and is definately not Windows. If you just want to get on the internet, this is a good choice. The keyboard is very nice, and the unit is light. It is slightly bigger than a 10 inch tablet, which would be an obvious competitor. Chrome is much closer to Android than Windows. It is good to have choices.
computer|After my netbook broke, I sent my husband out to buy a replacement laptop immediately. He suggested the Chromebook and after checking out a couple reviews and videos we decided that this would satisfy my needs perfectly.At $199, it is the right price to perform regular tasks: browsing the web, checking email, word processing, and organizing.I almost exclusively use Google for emailing, calendar / task management, and word processing. I have not yet had any difficulty opening .doc attachments in google docs, as long as you choose "view" rather than "download." Viewing allows you to edit the document online and save it in google docs format, rather than having to do a conversion later on. This is really not a big deal and I've not experienced formatting issues.Another thing I prefer to a windows computer is the google drive setup. I could not be happier knowing that all of my electronic files are saved in the cloud! I had previously used dropbox to save important documents for convenience and safety. When my laptop crashed, I was able to load everything onto my google drive in minutes.Finally, because I'm a graduate student with a short fuse, I wanted my new laptop to be setup by the time I got home in the evening. With a windows computer, I would be installing programs and fooling around with setting up my preferences for way too long. When I got home, my husband had already entered my Google username and password and this thing was ready to use! I was sending emails and looking at all of my bookmarks like nothing had ever changed.For someone who is already a Google email/calendar user, this is the ultimate convenience!My only drawback is that I cannot install other programs, like SPSS, but I have a desktop and access to other computers where I can use this program. For $200, I can deal with this.
computer|What I love about it:-super fast start up (20 seconds or less)-fast surfing and it WILL NEVER SLOW DOWN-light and thin-doesn't heat up-at all-portable with a 3-4 hour battery (not as long as my iPad 2), but not too shabby-has an attached keyboard (yay!)-usb ports-HDMI port-doesn't lose Netflix connection (sorry iPad, you stink in this area)-access to Google documents and other Google online applications-no viruses, no malware, no updates, no crashing-Surf the web like on a computer, not a tablet, so you don't need those mobile apps to go to web pages.-Flash works-Intuitive, even though it's browser based, it's not hard to figure out, small learning curve-Good size screen (much bigger than my sloooooow netbook)-Price! Price! Price! $200 at Best BuyWhat I don't love about it:-Google needs to develop more apps-Microsoft word can work if you use the Microsoft SkyDrive with the free Microsft Word Web App (you have to be connected to the Internet) but it doesn't sync with Dropbox automatically. You have to download the document onto your Chromebook and then sync it by uploading the file to Dropbox. A bit of a pain, but not a deal breaker for most.-The speakers are meh, but so are most speakers on small devices.
computer|I needed something lightweight and portable that I could use to browse/surf the internet while on my couch or in bed.I tried an Asus Transformer Infinity but I returned it because the software would stutter and was laggy, and I found that I prefer having a keyboard so I can type.The Samsung Chromebook is about $100 more expensive right now on Prime, so I figured I would save some money and try the Acer, and if I didn't like it, I'd just return it.So far I've been very impressed. The computer boots up quickly and it is very fast. I love the Chrome OS and the battery life is actually pretty good.I'm very happy with the purchase. I also think it will be very useful for listening to music, browsing the web, and watching movies while on airplanes and on vacation.
computer|I bought this to replace my two-year old toshiba laptop running windows. I rarely use the programs on my toshiba and use it primarily to run pandora, netflix, email, and other online accounts. Unfortunately, my toshiba is just plain slow. I have had to restore it several times and I believe windows and anti-virus software to be the real culprits. I bought the Acer partially because it seems to suit all of my needs and at a great price (best buy for 199 and free shipping). The build quality seems to be very decent, time will tell. picture clarity is on par with my toshiba. What is best is the speed. I was initially worried because the previous versions on netbooks were notoriously slow running the atom processor. With this Acer, No issues whatsoever with multiple windows and streaming netflix at the same time. not even a hiccup. worth every penny. would highly recommend to anyone looking for a simple computer that easily performs all of the tasks today's average user actually uses.
computer|I purchased the Acer C7 about 3 weeks ago. It has exceeded my expectations. The battery life is not that important to me as I am always near an outlet. The performance and qualify is great. It is amazing at how quickly it loads up on startup. Netflicks and all website seem to work fine. I have had no problems.I have a tablet, but I hardly ever use it. I use the Acer C7 all the time probably because it has a built-in keyboard. I think tablets are only useful for playing games that require touch screen.One thing I would recommend is to increase the zoom size to at least 125% as at 100% the print is really small. This is an easy adjustment.Overall, I highly recommend this product.
computer|The Acer C7 Chromebook is most excellent ! It's made rugged, the keyboard layout and materials are great. Chrome OS is easy to use, clean and simple like all Google products. The C7 has an open RAM slot and it can handle up to 16GB, the max for the Celeron. But adding ram will break the warranty seal. They said changing hardware by yourself will disable the automatic updates. But I changed ram on a new one then on first power up the OS was updated fine. It has a SD card slot on front edge and can make a rescue SD disk. I bought 2 of them at $290 from qvc, seems like no one can keep them in stock, boy do they sell out fast.
computer|Good laptop but not from asavings. Ordered 12/26/12 an as of 1/5/13 have not received it yet. Paid $50 less at Googleplay and got it in two days.
computer|I bought this for my daughter for Christmas. It is light weight and easy to use. I also love that it updatesitself automatically. I liked it so well that I bought one for myself and I would reccommend this to anyone!
computer|my macbook died and i needed something to replace it. this did the trick. i need web browsing, simple spreadsheets and docs, some fun apps and portability. it's great!
computer|wow this thing has impressed me comming from a huge technological background this just is unreal i carry it everywhere the wifi does connect so far away and the browser speed is unreal. i am writing this review on it.!!
computer|This is a very fast computer as long as you keep it cool. If it heats up it starts to run slower. The only thing I am not happy with us that I can not put iTunes on this computed. Thankfully we have another computer in the house for me to do this. Overall, this is a excellent computer. I love being able to put game and apps on it to give me more things I can do
computer|I bought the chromebook cause it was $199. you cant go wrong! I really like the laptop, its portable and overall convenient. The only thing i REALLY HATE is that i cant go on Oovoo, which is a big MUST HAVE for me. So if you just wanna play games, watch tv, listen to music, and search the web this is for you. If you wanna download itunes, skype, Oovoo, etc. Buy something else :)
computer|Bought this computer for my 16 year old son. At first he was not interested in it because of the size. Smaller than your average sized laptop. But after using it, everytime I pass his room he is using this computer. It won him over.
computer|The HD Screen is great for viewing movies, reading or playing ebooks, and wireless set-up only takes minutes to complete. Battery life is a little short. Windows 7 Home Edition does not work well with the Chromebook, but you can off set some of the problems with Chrome Cloud to store your movies, books, and music. Great low price and a very good purchase.
computer|We like the fact that it is easy to use for kids with smaller hands/fingers, is light to carry around the ranch, and the instructions with is are easy to understand! (Even I can read it!) The fact that it goes right on almost instantly compared to more complicated computers we have is excellent! Easy does it! Their Mom does a lot of work on the computer she has on the kitchen desk and the kids being elsewhere on the Acer is a blessing in mamy ways! She knows where they are and what they are doing! Seems like these days that kids all keep in touch via facebook between school days and weekend and it allows to daily practice the communication skills they are learning at school! (We hope! LOL!) Living in a rural ranch/farm, the lap top puts them back in touch with neighbors and friends that really helps in multitude different ways! Mom loves it, the kids love, it and we love it and we got a very sincere thanks from the recipients!
computer|I tried to hook-up a logitec wireless mouse. I can't get it to work and can't find enough info on fixing.When I try to hook-up my 1080p TV, I get the wallpaper but when I go anywhere the wallpaper stays on the TV screen even though the Acer shows where I am
computer|Despite being a chrome-only device I have found that installing chrome remote desktop turns this already great second computer into a thin client that allows you to access your other chrome-running pcs remotely. If you are accessing windows hosts, it will even stream live audio from the remote system.
computer|The whole idea of the device is great for people like me who grew up pre-tech (phones had cords etc.) but find themselves needing an inexpensive laptop that works without all the fuss and jargon. In other words you need e-mail, look at some documents, and internet access that works like t.v. - plug it in and use it. The Chromebook is all that and more.I think it would also work well for a teen or pre-teen that HAS to have a laptop, but you want to keep the costs down. However if you need a machine to run all the latest software and gadgets - then you have to look elsewhere and spend a lot more. This machine would probably not serve as a primary computer if you intend to do a lot of heavy computing.For most software you have to use Google apps, so you should try these out to see if you like them (most are free on the web and work with Google Chrome - so you can check them out on your desktop). It also runs on Wi-Fi, so make sure you are going to be using it in a Wi-Fi enabled environment. Those caveats aside for $200 it does everything I need without a glitch. Very happy with the product.
computer|...then it crashed. The power button light indicates that the computer is on, but it isn't. I press the power button, and it won't turn off or on. So far, I'm quite unimpressed.
computer|I have been "living" with the C7 for about a month now and can say that I am more than satisfied. I am typing this review on the C7. For a small computer the keyboard works very well. You can do serious typing on this machine. It is not a toy. The mousepad is taking a little longer to get used to. I have always been used to a standard mousepad and this one is a bit different, not bad just different. Using the included google apps through the familiar chrome browser interface is quite intuitive. It is nice not having to purchase additional software to make the netbook useful. There are also a number of helpful and free apps available through the web store... and additional purchase apps should you require them. I have made my C7 a dual boot (Ubuntu). The hard drive allows both Chrome and Ubuntu to exist side by side, so that one can use whatever OS they desire. In order to make the c7 run even better I have upgraded the memory. I installed an additional 8gb memory card which brings the total available memory to 10gb. The way Chrome uses memory, even as a 32 bit system, allows the full use of the 10gb (as does Ubuntu). The CPU is quite adequate for all tasks. The only concern is that the machine seems to become quite warm when full-time streaming video.. a very intense task. Streaming, however, is very fluid and does not limp. The onboard graphics and display are also very nice. All in all, what is not to love? A great netbook for a little over 200 and for about 30 more, a 10gb netbook! Although some berate the looks, I think it is not a bad looking device. It is not too heavy to carry around, though a little heavier than some netbooks. Battery life has been about 4 hours, but I am usually around an outlet before that becomes a concern. Someone in the not too distant future will probably offer a better battery for this, but even then I doubt that I'll need to buy one. Be aware that increasing the memory does require opening the case and voids the warranty. Still for the price, when it dies, buy another one that is newer. Also, thanks Google for including the 100gb online cloud drive for 2 years (a $120 value at current pricing).
computer|It to small for me I am not able to use my Clear Internet on it so I cant even use it I tried giving it to my daughter and she wouldnt take it. I have wasted my Money and I am very un happy.
computer|i recently purchase this product and although i was impressed for the prices for a good size laptop; i was bit worried to why the prices was so low. when i finally got the laptop and took a tour of it i decided to download some apps, to my surprise this laptop didnt have java...for most off the app that i wanted or needed, i could not get because chromebook7 doesnt offer java software/apps. The second is the battery life majority of people (including myself) spends up to 4 hrs online...so to have that count in have is a big conern... i dont recommend this buy if your video chatting or spend 4hr and up (like i do)..best idea is to save and buy a proper laptop that has everything you want
computer|i was so afraid at first being not able to find the right click button... well first of all there's none... but if you wanna access that you will use 2 finger tap... that's where you can find delete,rename,new folder, and some more of the commands on your right click window...google chrome os operating system is totally different from windows vista,xp the 7 N D 8th... and i wouldn't compare it also to apple... they made chrome as should be a very simple operating system which, that if your used to using regular windows its would be a pain in the butt to start with... just like playing cassette tape and you are used to on using blue-ray with a remote control... it's really basic, maybe for some it would be nice but with a regular windows user in my opinion i rather spend another $150 to get a window base laptop...settings... i love setting up my laptop or my desktop i always edit pictures and videos playing my music vids as mp3-mp4's and all of that...the windows media player is gone no vlc no gom players anymore it just have a download folder location using your hard drive and one local media player which (you cant play your playlist) just one song or video at a time... all your pictures music and videos will be all mixed up there in that download folder... not unless you will make an individual folder for them to organized it...and just a folder only no icons or other stuff to choose from...another thing no java applet yet that supports chrome os... and i used java on one of my favorite site and i cant get it to function right without that java plug-ins and some more plug ins i came across with that it need it to be and cant find it yet... anyway 80% of the things i do online is well taking care of... like browsing the net facebooking youtubing online games or facebook games checking emails. all of that is no problem... and it did a great job on doing it and have that speed also... i think that's what really it design to do, just getting online...now... lets talk about the better stuff...Its cheap 200+ the 11.6 HD acer c7 chrome laptop is even cheaper than a 10.1'netbook.ram is also up-gradable to up to 16gig but i wouldn't recommend it cause 2gig right now is working just fine... you got a 320 hardrive STORAGE compare to any tablet or other Samsung chrome os that has flash drive 8-16gig storage (which they said it runs 20% faster) "thats the down side of having hard drive compare to of having flash drive". the screen is nice and glossy and base on youtube reviews the screen is better than what samsung has... Its a dual core 1.1GHz speed honestly i dont have a problem streaming videos on it... a.k.a. netflix youtube and other video streaming site... not unless you are playing 1080p HD stuff... but lower than that i dont have any problem with it... remember DVD QUALITY videos is just 480p which for this size of screen 11.6' the 480p would look HD already...hehehe... so its still a winner choice... I also heard that it could work on ubuntu and or up-gradable to win-7 but that's a geek job already so im passing on that... and oh battery works only 3.5hrs as they said it is and if you are streaming or watching videos more often then probably it will go down to 2 - 2.5hrs battery life... And what can you loose on that? reg. laptops are like that... although it always better to have 4-7hrs of battery life... and i dont mind... there's always a power outlet on where im bringing this baby...but still i'm going back to windows maybe after 6 months... but for now i'll give my self a chance to learn it more... im not worried much about the other settings or stuff i do off line, because i still got a nice desktop to work on... a.k.a editing videos and stuffs music and recordings...
computer|DO NOT BUY!!! This is a horrible little laptop, & plus it breaks way to easily. The whole layout for the laptop it dumb.
computer|Printer selection is limited. Skype does not work or has not yet upgraded the software. Manual is almost useless. However, it is lightweight and speedy for the moderate user.
computer|Great computer for anyone who needs to go on the web and check emails. It's not capable of downloading itunes for your music and the speakers aren't that great but I only need it for web stuff.
computer|Head phone audio outlet does not work nor does the microphone. I gave it two stars because other than that you can type and find information, like any basic computer.
computer|[...][...]You can read this, or check out the link above, or both. I was rather disapointed in this device. Don't know what I was expecting. I guess if I thought about it, and google itself I shouldn't be surprised. However, it isn't what I wanted. It is like a phone with out the ability to call anyone. You can access plenty of countless apps and that it does well, and looks good doing it...I guess I wanted a real laptop, and this is what I got instead.
computer|I love Acer products. But are you kidding? a Chrome operating system and it doesn't support Remote Desktop??? i bought one for my mother. i am not local to her and often help her out and troubleshoot remotely. I found out quickly that i couldn't access the device remotely. Google says nothing about providing future support for this though they have had countless queries. i will toss this and send her another laptop. then at least i can go back to using logmein.
computer|Bought two of these for my grandkids for Christmas. (Ten and eleven years old) They almost immediately, (Within a week), sold one back to me so they could get a Kindle Fire. They tried, they really did, bless them, but there is almost nothing they want to do. No Minecraft, and the Google Play store has all kinds of apps for Android, but next to nothing for the Chrome. Absurd! One would think one would be able to use Google apps on one of the newer Google device offerings.That said. I bought one back from the kids, they got their Kindle Fire HD, and I am stuck with this POS! Sigh.I originally thought, that's okay, it seems a decent little device for internet, maybe hooking up to the tv for Netflix, or just to have as a backup.After two months, the Chromebook is proving to be junk.I never did like the mouse pad, but I adjusted, mostly. Now the mousepad is breaking. It doesn't always do what it is supposed to, scrolling, etc. It will click on things I don't want it to, often randomly. The screen 'slips', kind of drops, when I click on things often.Now, It is starting to freeze up regularly, starting this last week.Last night, it overheated big time, I couldn't escape, turn it off, nothing.All I've used it for so far is Internet access.It's only been two months.Was going to call Google today, and start the return process, only to find out it only has a 15 day warranty! FIFTEEN DAYS!I feel stupid, burned, and ripped off.Another reason to HATE Google!At least the kids got a Kindle Fire HD that they LOVE!!! (No, I don't work for Amazon, either.)
computer|I got a acer chromebook this Christmas. Sadly, I asked for the samsung version, but I took the laptop anyways, and I love it. It's easy to use, it's fast, and the perfect size. My only con would be that the keyboard is almost hard to type on, but I probably just need the keys to loosen up over time. Over all, I would recommend this product.
computer|Got my Acer C7 about a week ago and think (so far) that it is a good buy for the price (only $199 if you buy one from Google Play directly).Pros - very quick boot (usually less than 10 seconds) - reasonable selection of apps for Chrome OS (including the various Google apps for word processing and the like) - 100 GBytes of free storage for 2 years (Google Drive) - easy to use (almost no learning curve) and easy to maintain (no software updates on the device itself other than those related to the Chrome browser) - WiFi works fine - Very light (around 3 lbs.) with a decent sized display - Reasonable battery life (around 4 hours)Cons - highly Google-centric (even more so than an Android device). Everything runs within one instance of a Chrome browser. As far as I can tell, there is no possibility to use another browser. To be clear, if it is not a Chrome-based app, there is no way run the application on the Chromebook (I know - someone will comment that there is an elaborate way around this but I am not a sophisticated user). - (minor) the mouse-pad is (at least for me) awkward to use but you can plug-in your own external mouse into the USB port - No file manager that I could find. All your files need to be on Google Drive, which I don't like much (tried using Google Drive on two different occasions on my desktop PC and it did not work well in terms of synchronizing files (kept running into what seemed to be unnecessary re-synchronization loops). Getting off topic, but ... would give Google Drive a D compared to SugarSync (which I would give an A). But the way, there is a SugarSync app on Chrome (perhaps a way around using Google Drive on my Chromebook but I have not tested this yet).
computer|I bought this early February so I can have a laptop to work on coding and just use the internet. And it does all that, and just that, which is why I bought it. So what if I can't download games on it, the world is not going to end, and this is coming from a gamer. Also the fact that the web browser is Chrome shouldn't be a problem with anyone, in my 20 years of using 10+ internet browsers, Chrome is the most stable all across the board. Most of the complaints that people have with this computer are things that Google didn't create this computer for. If you want something like Microsoft Word, use Google Docs, it also covers a few other Microsoft Office products as well. The fact that people get this computer and then complain that it doesn't have a cd/dvd player, if you actually read the specs about this computer it tells you that. And in my almost 2 months of owning this computer I have yet to find a reason to shove a cd/dvd in it, if you want something from a audio cd, copy it onto a flash drive and stick it in, this computer has an audio player, and I'm sure it also has a video player.For everyone else that is bitching shut up, if you don't know how to properly find a laptop, something tells me you shouldn't have a computer.
computer|It's been a week or so since I got this Chromebook thought I got this at Best Buy.Some of you looking at this review but there is some things this Chromebook can do better then the Samsung can.DesignAlthough the design on the Samsung Chromebook does look kinda sleek,the Acer Chromebook isn't that ugly.Sure the Samsung is slimmer and lighter but this Chromebook is better suited for home use or somewhere where you won't move it around much.The screen is nice displays video and text quite nice.Also the edges of this Chromebook is glossy but it doesn't really have much glare if there is light near the display.PerformanceThe Samsung Chromebook runs on a low power processor based on a ARM chip.A ARM chip is the same processor that is on the iPhone and iPad and on smart phones.The Acer Chromebook processor is a Intel Celeron and is quite fast.The disvantage is that it does provide great battery life.I think the Samsung Chromebook is slightly underpowered then the Acer Chromebook because Flash works better on the Acer Chromebook.The Chromebooks also boot up in less then 25 seconds.The Samsung Chromebooks boot up in 10 seconds and the Acer Chromebooks boot up in 20 secondsOperating SystemGoogle Chrome OS is unlike any other operating system.It can not run popular programs like iTunes or other browsers.The OS is entirely based on Google Chrome.That's it.These people who are writing 1 star reviews don't know what they're saying.You can access popular Google services like Youtube or Google+.If you are thinking of buying this computer for things like iTunes,DO NOT BUY THIS COMPUTER.If you are mostly a person who only browses the web and uses Google's services this is the computer for you.ConclusionOverall,this computer is a fantastic value and I would recommend this computer.This is fast,easy to use and no more stupid updates to wait for you.This is the computer for everybody.
computer|I should note that I purchased this directly from Google rather than pay the higher prices here. You really shouldn't pay more than $199 and it's an amazing little machine for that price. If you need to load iTunes and other windows programs, don't buy it. This is not a Windows or Mac machine. On the other hand, because of its spacious hard drive, you can install Ubuntu or other Linux(Google how to do this.) I was prepared to do just that thinking I would need to be able to work offline, but to my surprise, found that everything I needed to work on- and offline was more than covered by ChromeOS and a variety of apps. Ironically, the complaints of those who complain about needing access to the Internet for this machine to work need to examine how they use their Windows and Mac computers as I would bet that 95% of their activities on those require being online. Plenty of nice apps to replace the rather lame native mp3 player (which does work.) The touchpad is a little different but one gets used to the two-finger-for-right-click quickly.Nevertheless, ChromeOS has enough offline tools to cover most ever situation and I was easily able to move files to and from a USB flash drive. As an experiment, I copied several mp4 movies and videos, photos, and Word documents from a USB drive to my Acer C7. You just have to get used to how they are organized (all under the main folder called "downloads". All of those files were then recognized and played and were editable using ChromeOs native tools.Light, boots very quickly, reasonably good battery life obviously dependent on what you will be doing; this will become my traveling companion. I have found no need to load ChrUbuntu. With SSD drives dropping in price I always have the option of replacing the HD with one of those. For the time being, it's plenty fast and I see no need to do that.
computer|So I went to the store to try out this machine and the Samsung one. Lucky for me, both of them were on display side by side.Price didn't matter to me, so I had both of them on hold.Right off the bat, the battery life on this is pretty weak. 3 hrs vs 6 hrs on the Samsung one.But other than that, this machine beats the Samsung one in my book. Please, go to the store and test them out yourself. The sound volume in both is identical, the weight is just a few ounces more, barely notice any difference, but the screen on this thing is what sold me. Clear, Vivid colors, as compared to the Samsung one that has washed out, pale colors.With the best buy associate, we played the same video on both and the clarity on this one blew the Samsung away. And this one looks so much better than the Samsung one. Not cheap looking AT ALL! Au contraire, I like the look of this way better; and I'm one of those gals that's into fashion, and beautiful items. I dress men as well as I dress women. And I have no problem shelling out the money for something that's worth it for me. I mean I first bought the Asus Transformer Prime ($600) when it came out, tried the IPAD, the Touchpad, etc, then realized that tablets are not for me.I mean if they're supposed to be smaller, lighter versions of laptops, then they should do everything that laptops do, at least internet wise. But they don't. Skimmed web pages, extra bucks for extra keyboard and mouse, some websites not working properly on those OS, etc.So I figured; everywhere now you can find a power outlet. Even in bathrooms. So what the heck? Most movies I watch are not that long, and I never surf the net for 3 hours straight. So this thing has been staying charged for 3 days easily. Close the lid, and it goes to power saving mode automatically. Come back, and it starts right where you left off.And at $200 at BB, SOLD!If I had just gone by the pseudo "expert" reviews online, I would have gotten the Samsung on Ebay for over $300.Yesterday, I downloaded Ubuntu on my Acer C7, and lord it even got better! Now I have Bluetooth, and the sound has gone up twice as high as just using the Chrome OS. Unbelievable!I have office suites already there, can work on pictures and download Linux compatible programs; And I can switch from Ubuntu to Chrome OS within 2 mins, without having to "root" or break my warranty. But why would I switch back to Chrome OS? I can use the Chrome browser within Ubuntu. I lost no speed, no battery power, NOTHING.I have to talk about the sound again, because I almost got speakers for this thing. After I installed Ubuntu on it, I was blown away.So go on youtube, there's a simple step by step guide to download Ubuntu. The whole thing took less than an hour and was simple and straightforward.PS: This Acer C7 is also 40% faster than the Samsung one, in all tests around the net. You can also increase the Ram on this one, not on the Samsung.
computer|I'm not going to lie, i was skeptical about getting this item . However after doing some research i found that this might just be what i'm looking for, portable, decent battery (better than my heavy duty computer). You see i needed something i could take to work with me so i could do some work on the train since i have almost a two hour commute. My current Laptop was just not cutting it and well i found this little thing. While this might not be the top of the line netbook, it is a pretty decent one for the price, not to mention there is some room for upgrades, and Chrome OS is not that bad, and if you don't like it then you can always install Ubuntu Linux, something i did from the start, just because i needed some tools that were just not available on Chrome OS, mainly developer tools. One thing i've seen is that most people can't seem to install Linux, so a quick suggestion, just go to youtube and search &#34;install ubuntu on Acer c7 Chromebook&#34; you will find some good tutorials and simple ones.Now for the Pros and ConsPros-Decent Battery Life up to 5 hours depending on what you are doing (not as much as i wanted but it will do the job)-the only Chromebook with a specious HD of 320 GB-2GB of DDR3 but I've heard you can upgrade it to 4GB66X and DDR3 is dirt cheap-1366X768 resolution-decent Video card so any videos you watch don't lag-Love how they spaced out the keys on the keyboard, i can actually type!-hardly gets hot, runs pretty coolCons-Battery life, again can run up to 5 hours however i would have loved more-Touchpad, not sure if its mine only but it sometimes lags.-Wifi, again not sure if ts just me but i seem to have an issue connecting to my phone's hotspot unless its unprotected.So for 200 bucks you can't beat the price, but just keep i mind that Chrome OS is more of a cloud OS. This is a great computer to take with you on the go and browse the net, watch a few videos, chat and some some word processing. Or if your like me, a developer then its great write some code and use shell. If you don't like the OS then you can always install Ubuntu plus you have the generous 320 GB of had disk space.I hope this helps people who are not sure about this computer.
computer|. . . this morning when I could not get it to turn on.But I was able to get it to turn on after finding this information from Acer Support and following the instructions:If the computer is not able to power on you may find it helpful to perform a power reset. This discharges any electrical build up which may prevent your notebook from powering on correctly.To perform a power reset:1.Unplug the AC adapter from your notebook.2.Turn the notebook over to remove the battery. Slide the lock tab to the unlock position first then slide and hold the release tab. While holding the release tab remove the battery.Note: There are 2 tabs holding the battery in place. One is the lock tab and the other is the release tab.3.Turn the notebook back over and open it.4.Hold down the power button for 30 seconds, then release the power button.5.Turn the notebook back over and slide the battery back into place.6.Slide the lock tab back into the lock position.7.Turn over the notebook one last time and plug in your AC adapter.8.Turn on your notebook.So if you ever encounter this type of problem, I hope this helps.One other thing: This problem I had only happened after I used a wireless mouse with this Acer Chromebook. Before that I never had any trouble getting it to turn on within seconds. I think I will hold off on using the wireless mouse with this Chromebook, in case that is what caused the problem.My husband bought me this Chromebook for Christmas from Staples. So I've only had it for a few months. It's working fine now. I would have given this 5 stars, but I took it down to 4 stars because this information on how to fix the problem should have been included in the users manual that came with the Chromebook. Not everyone who encounters this problem might be able to find the answer online like I did. It took a bit of searching. They might give up and be totally frustrated. So I am sharing the information here.Other than that, I like this machine very much in that it boots up in a few seconds and loads pages FAST, way faster than the Toshiba Netbook I still have and use. That Toshiba Netbook is what I used to go online and find the answer on how to get this Chromebook to work again by performing the power reset.~ Jean
computer|I did buy this Item to take it with me on my trips to south east Asia. I love its simplicity and the fact that it is very small and light and therefore easy to take with you.Not a very powerful machine but perfect to surf the web, write some mails and stay in touch with our loved ones by skype.
computer|My hsuband and i have been looking at laptops for a while we needed something with an HDMI output to hook up to our samsung 32&#34; LCD tv we just bought we wanted to be able to use that since our outdated PC only had VGA output and we wanted to be able to use a bigger screen to watch netflix and play games the chrome book is perfect for it. Battery life is good for such a small device screen images are clear and bright it is easy to use even for someone now technologically inclined and even though it is thin and light it is sturdy and over all i am completely happy with my purchase
computer|I've had this for 3 weeks and have just found out I can make and receive calls w/ Google Voice on it. They're free to the US and Canada. I actually bought an Obi100 to hook my home phone up w/ GV and found out while setting that up. I'm sure this isn't news to some, but it was a pleasant surprise to me. You could pay for this just by making calls. I've bought two of these. 1 here and 1 at BBuy. Their's was MSRP. This one is silent running, but the other one has some fan noise that goes away if you flex the base a little or after it warms up sufficiently. I've had one freeze up. I pulled the batt. and it was OK. Which is another reason for the Acer, pullable battery. The biggest hook for me was free automatic updates and no extra virus software. I didn't even know about the free phone service. You can't wrong with this.
computer|It's hard to beat a quick booting computer for $199 as long as your primary purpose is web surfing. I have had mine for about 1 month and love it! I have had some minor issues watching videos from Amazon, but this may be related to bandwidth restrictions where I was streaming the video. The HDMI connects to my 48" flatscreen with no problems. If you are a gamer or needing to write lengthy college/work papers, this may not be for you. My use is purely recreational. The internal speakers are lacking but I bought a Phillips USB sound bar and it works awesome! Although the battery life is only about 3.5 hours, the power supply is VERY compact and not a burden when traveling. I JUST LOVE THIS THING!
computer|This is a very nice, inexpensive device for typing documents (via Google Drive or similar web based office suite), browsing the web and using "web apps". Please research Chromebooks if you don"t know what they are.My son was using an old, heavy, "brick" Laptop, where ALL he would run was a Chrome browser for Google Docs, YouTube and Flash Games. Plus Google to research for School. We got him this Chromebook and he couldn't be happier.What I like: very fast boot-up, Intel processor (so Hulu and other flash stuff works fine), and a fantastic form factor (perfect screen size, large enough to be able to see stuff at a decent size but small enough to keep the device small, light and thin body).What I don't like: kind of short battery life of around 3.5 hs, and a plastic frame that really looks a bit on the cheap side. However, given the price of this thing ($199 plus shipping in most places as of this writing), I am more than happy with the value I got.
computer|Bought the Acer C7 yesterday not from Amazon (unusual for me). Overall impression Very Good. Just what I was looking for and expected. My main use of the C7 will be as a remote client to my larger systems. Most of the limitations of a "Nothing by Net" machine are overcome if you are remotely accessing another Windows based system anyway.PROS compared to Samsung:1. Beefy power plug going into C7. The Samsung has one of the tiny tiny plugs. We have broken 2 of these on other laptops and won't go there again.2. Battery is replaceable (and maybe larger in future).3. Memory is upgradeable (I've heard).4. It has a delete key.5. It has a Caps Lock key.6. It has a VGA out connector.CONS:1. Can't turn off mousepad (don't know about Samsung).2. Can't Widen Scroll Bars.3. Can't change size of cursor pointer.4. Haven't found a way to change screen resolution. Chars now are too tiny for my old eyes.5. Mouse speed too slow for me, even at fastest setting.5. Speakers are weak.Life is a compromise, these a small ones.
computer|Needed a new machine to replace my ten-year old desktop. As I pretty much only use a home computer for email/web, the Chromebook platform is very appealing. Was able to test drive the Acer and Samsung side-by-side at a retail store, and went with the C7. Here are some of the comparisons that led to my decision:Design: Samsung. The sleeker and better-looking, with a style that reflects the fact it is a purpose-built Chromebook. The Acer is a bit more pedestrian, looking more like a regular laptop (I believe it uses the same chassis as other Acer machines). Anyway, the design is perfectly acceptable. The Acer is a little thicker and heavier, but ultra-portability is not an issue for me.Network: Acer. If like me you'll mostly be using your Chromebook at home, the ethernet connection is a definite plus. You would need a USB dongle for the Samsung. Both of course have Wi-Fi.Display: Acer. The Samsung has a matte display that unfortunately looked washed out. The Acer has a gloss display that I found vibrant and pleasing to the eye.Keyboard: Samsung. Definitely the better of the two, but more so in terms of layout, not key feel. Acer was just as comfortable when typing.Track Pad: Acer. More solid feel. The Samsung was a little "springy" and had more click noise. Both worked well with tapping (one and two finger), and two-finger scrolling.Boot time: Samsung. Both machines start up from stand-by almost instantly. But when turned off, the Samsung boots in half the time of the Acer. We're talking something like 10 seconds v. 20 seconds here, so in real-world terms the difference will probably be irrelevant for most users. It certainly is for me.Performance: Acer. Played a number of identical YouTube videos on both machines. Not only did they look much better on the Acer, the C7 launched every video faster without exception. Hardly lab conditions, but a real-world test using the in-store Wi-Fi. The built-in speakers are unimpressive on both machines and sound very tinny. Both have a headphone socket.Hard Drive: Samsung. I really wanted the Acer to come with a 16GB SSD like the Samsung, as the installed 320GB "spinning" drive seems at odds with whole Chrome OS/cloud concept. But in the end it wasn't a deal-breaker. And in any case, swapping the drive for SSD is always an option for the future.Summary: Both are capable machines, but I found the Samsung to have a little more style than substance. The display and performance advantage of the Acer are what sold me; after all, that's what I'll notice most when I'm using it. And at $199, the Acer C7 is a phenomenal buy.
computer|I bought this (elsewhere) and love it. It can be hacked by following the instructions at the following YouTube site to run Chrubuntu Linux, a complete operating system. The speakers are a bit tinny and the keypad is a bit balky, but for about $200 you can have a very usable computer. Chrome is okay when you have internet access. By putting Ubuntu on as a dual boot, you have a full (free to download and install) operating system. When updating the Chrubuntu, DO NOT INSTALL GRUB bootloader.How to install Ubuntu is below:[...]
computer|I bought this with the full intention of turning it into a cheap Linux machine using ChrUbautu. I haveused the Chrome OS for about a week now to put the machine through its paces and make sure everything works before I opened it up and void the warranty. Chrome OS is an interesting concept but definitely has its limitations. Web based applications can be slow and annoying, and if you want to do anything other than edit a document or watch a movie (that is loaded on your hard drive), you need an internet connection. The 2gb memory is not near enough, streaming youtube videos even cant keep up sometimes. No buttons on the touch pad is annoying; the two finger gestures are sometimes hard to execute, especially if you have been using buttons for years. I am having a difficult time getting used to the keyboard; I am constantly not hitting the space bar hard enough. I do love how compact it is; it fits right in a briefcase or book bag, and the charger plug/cord is a nice setup too. I'm pleased with the monitor and surprisingly pleased with the speakers; although not loud, they do have very good dynamic range. It boots up in a couple of seconds, and wakes up from being closed in a milisecond.I would see this being useful for a kid who could stuff it in thier book bag and you wouldn't worry as much when the $200 chromebook is left at the library or dropped down the stairs, as opposed to an $800 iSomething. Also for someone like a parent who only needs to use the web and write an occasional letter.Installing Chrubuntu linux was fairly simple (there are blogs andeven a youtube video to walk you through it). I bought 8gb additional memory for about $50, and now have a machine that can do everything I need it to (mostly sound editing and internet) for an investment of about $250; the Acer AO725 is basically the same machine running Windows 7 costs better than 300 (with only the 2gb of memory).Two last notes, 1- despite what the specs say... it DOES have bluetooth; I discovered it after installing Ubuntu, I have paired a microphone with it, but have not been able to pair my phone yet. 2- all the blogs about chrubuntu say that the touchpad doesnt work well under ubuntu, but I have found this not to be the case.I reccomend this product for which ever of the 2 ways suits your usage needs better.
computer|Small and easily portable. Does all the basics of a regular laptop. Easy use, surfing, youtube, etc. Perfect if you need internet but don't want bulky laptop or a smart phone.
computer|Different operation than a notebook and skype doesn't work on it, but there are many features to love about this unit and it does much more than expected. Very happy with it.
computer|Great chrome book for $199 from Acer. DO NOT PAY THE 249 THAT IT'S SOLD FOR HERE! You can get a better price elsewhere.
computer|This is not a computer for people who need a full fledged laptop. But if you live on the internet, like I do, this is perfect for you. I compared this to the sleeker Samsung Series 3 Chromebook, but decided on this one. The dual core Intel processor handles video far better than the ARM processor in the Samsung. Web pages load nearly instantly, videos aren't choppy even at high quality, and boot time even with a regular hard drive (as compared to a solid slate drive) is still only 15-20 seconds. Plus you can expand the RAM.Build quality is absolutely fantastic for a $200 computer. I've seen computers for $500 and up that have creaky corners and shoddy keyboards. You're not getting anything premium here, but for the money it should blow your expectations away. Even websites that are ad heavy and have a lot going on populate within a few seconds.Trackpad and keyboard are quite good. Two finger scrolling is actually pretty smooth on the trackpad, but pressing down with two fingers to "right click" rarely gets the results I want. Not a huge deal. The screen is great for the price point. But the speakers? Wow, talk about abysmal. Battery life is on par with most laptops nowadays - Not as good as Ultrabooks and nowhere near Macbooks.Setup is easy if you have a Google account. Google docs and some limited offline features are nice, but this is an operating system that thrives on WiFi. That will change as time goes by, but know what you're buying. I will say that editing documents on Office.com on this machine has been decent. So, yes - you can create and edit Microsoft documents on a Chromebook.Hope this helps!
computer|My wife loves to surf the web, shop, Facebook, and play games. Until the addition of this little gem she tied up my souped up gaming PC for her needs. Now I can't peel it off her. The price point of this wonder is great and the Chrome OS is easy to navigate for novicelikes. The keyboard is adequate for most hands and the 11.6&#34; display looks great. The audio is lacking but is a small con for the money spent. Battery life is normal at 31/2 Hrs video streaming for those Netflex movies you have to finish. All in all it is a very good buy for anyone who needs an additional computer in the house if just for the convenience of web browsing without the mallware threats knocking at your door.Buy it you'll like it !.
computer|First off, I'm not a power user. My top 3 uses for computers are Netflix, Amazon and checking email, so I figured I didn't need an $800 Ultrabook. Outta the box I initially had trouble getting started cuz I incorrectly entered my wifi password and no matter what I tried I could not get the password prompt to recall, it just kept in a "trying to connect" mode. To correct this, I thought I'd have to return the C-7 but figured how to get connect to chat support on the chrome website using my xoom tablet. Short story is that the tech showed me how to reset the OS and it booted up as new and got connected to my network. Now onto the review:Pluses:*Fire sale price of $200*setup to my google account was a snap.*keyboard layout and response is pretty good IMO vs non-existent hard-keys on my tablet.*320gb hard drive is an amazing thing to have at this price.*I mostly like the built in Google OS and the zoom option tabs under tools icon is a nice feature.*For my uses, it's fast enough. Very few, minor stutters running Netflix for 2 hours.*Screen looks great to my eyes.*Excellent live chat support if you have trouble.Minuses:* Battery life is about 2.5 hours running Netflix. My xoom tablet runs Netfix for about 5 hrs on full charge. Can't comment on battery life using other apps.* A little heavy at just under 3 pounds. But footprint is nice and compact.* Resetting the time was more of a PITA than anything else, but now I know where to find it.Conclusion:At this price, very little compares. Having this size screen and hard-keys on a tablet for $200 does not exist. I only chose this unit over the Samsung because the latter was out of stock at BB. I figured I could return the C-7 if not happy. If you don't need marathon battery performance, it's a winner.
computer|A friend of mine recently purchased one of these computers and showed it to me. I have stayed away from netbooks because of the terrible performance of my old one, however this Acer really impressed me, especially given the price. After reading into Chrome OS a bit more, I decided to give it a try. Turns out that this is exactly the kind of computer I wanted. I have little need for an expensive laptop or ultrabook as I have a nice desktop if I need a powerful machine. The Acer C7 is simple, very affordable, and powerful enough for my needs.In some ways, the slightly more expensive Samsung Series 5 550 is a better machine, however I chose the Acer for several reasons. The port selection is a bit more flexible, I liked the fact that the hard drive and RAM are easily upgradeable, although you do have to break the warranty seal to get to them. I also wanted the Intel processor over the ARM for added flexibility when using an alternate operating system. The battery life is not as good as the Samsung, only lasting 4 hours or so. That figure goes down quite a bit when using another OS. The keyboard is adequate - it's no Lenovo keyboard - and the trackpad works well. It's not going to win any awards for build quality, obviously being built to the low price with cheaper plastics. With that said, it doesn't look or feel like it will fall apart. The hinges are solid and the whole unit exhibits minimal flex.I won't write a novel here, as others have already gone into a lot of detail. This laptop far exceeded my expectations for a $200 computer and I am absolutely thrilled with it. I have also taken a liking to the simplicity and minimalism of Chrome OS. If you're looking for a laptop that can replace the functionality of a desktop computer, definitely look elsewhere. If you are looking for something you can use as a simple secondary computer for light tasks such as browsing the web and editing documents, this is a fantastic machine.
computer|For the price, it's a great piece of hardware, however, you better take care because the exact same chromebook is been sold on Google's Play Store for 199 bucks. Unfortunately, I did only see this after I had already purchased this unit.Also, one must consider that this is a great product regarding its hardware, however, ChromeOS, despite been a well structured OS, it lacks many features from a conventional computer or tablet. ChromeOS fully relies on web services to work. Actually, there are some offline apps that can be installed from chrome's web store, but they are just worthless (things like clock, games). In my case, the only thing I really missed was the lack of a decent text processor. Google Drive and Zoho have really good web-based word processor, but they are really limited when it comes to a more sophisticated text formatting and compatibility with MS-Word. I've made a lot of tests using a richly formatted document and both Google Drive and Zoho failed to export it correctly when I chose to use .doc or docx output formats. When reading those documents is MS-Word they were really messed up.Finally, I end up installing Ubuntu in it and now I am pretty satisfied with it. For those who intend to do the same, here's the guide I've followed: [...]
computer|When the cell phone arrived it changed a phone from a place to place device to a person to person device. The Chromebook is a device that executes functions not programs. Traditional PC software was bloatware that had more function than any one person could ever use and had a learning curve that could be extreme like Photoshop. The thousands of web apps in Chrome OS are functions that are narrow in scope that have a very short and self teaching learning curve. Instead of having to learn a complex OS this one is very simple and is dead reliable and has the highest security now available due to that very same simplicity. The central user theme of having all customization and data in the cloud adds to simplicity and reliability as well as recovery should a chromebook fail; you just get another one and sign on and you are back where you started.Operationally I find it is fast and snappy in response and will never slow down with use like Windows with those thousands of files any one of which can bring the house of cards to the floor. The function available will handle 90% of the normal users needs unless you must have MS Office and there you can use the online version of Office 365 just fine. The touchpad allowing four direction scolling is a dream for me; the screen much better than the washed out Samsung version. This is the perfect PC for students and public use libraries with little or no maintenance or anti virus needed.At first Chrome OS seemed a bridge to far to cross for most users but it has matured to the point where it is becoming my favorite PC and the inherent benefits of cloud computing are very compelling for most users once you ween yourself off Windows habits.
computer|I'm using the Chromebook now, to write this review. This little laptop is pretty much exactly what I need. I'm not on that much during the day. I do have a life that includes two small children. I get on the internet, check my emails, tweet, & my daughter loves the google apps for playing games. My children have also taken a liking to Netflix, which works perfectly fine. Granted I've only had the laptop for about four days, I will in the near future update this review & let people know how's it going. I'm satisfied with my Chromebook. It's simple & I have no worries, at the moment.
computer|Well, I have 2 other lap tops but wanted a third. I will admit, even though I was given the dimensions before I bought it, when I did finally get this laptop, I almost cried, then I laughed hysterically. This thing was small as heck! But, within hours, I leaned to absolutely love this thing. Then I remembered also the last time I had to travel and lug my large laptop and my service dog and how much of a drag that was. This thing is small enough to put into a small carry-on and even a back pack without weighing you down or bulging. I can lay in my bed and rest this comfortably on my chest and cruise Facebook or Twitter and listen to music while I fall asleep! I love this little thing and if you love music like I do, with a decent pair of headphones, the music sounds awesome! The only complaint I have is that the operating system is neither windows nor a Mac so I can't download iTunes nor many other programs on here but otherwise love it!
computer|There are a few apps that you can add to work with this computer off-line, but I wanted a little more functionality, so I partitioned most of the hard drive over to ubuntu software, which has a good office suite (LibreOffice). I still use chrome and the chrome apps within ubuntu. I am not tech-savvy, but there are several place on the Internet that explain how to download ubuntu to this computer. It took only a half hour or so of following explicit instructions. So far I am very happy with this computer, which is an incredible deal.
computer|I bought mine for $199 (not sure why it's $240-ish now in most places, including amazon.com). That's the starting point...it's a bargain at $199. It's light, runs very cool, has a clean sharp display, a comfortable and efficient keyboard. Battery life is short, but that's not a problem for me. Love the fast start-up and love not having to worry about viruses.I have a Windows laptop, an iPad, and other devices. During my time away from work, when I'm on a computer, I'm on the Chromebook 90% of the time. It works fine for everything web- and cloud-based. It's ideal for general writing...using Google Docs or any of a number of other web apps. Great for email. Great for general web-surfing. It's got pretty standard capabilities for peripherals. Ethernet port. 2 USB ports. VGA out. HDMI out. I use a wireless mouse..works fine.I have some issues with it. Some of the issues are inherent to Chrome. Others are related to the hardware. First, really terrible speakers. Really just basically unusable. Bad quality and placed in about the worst place I can imagine, on the bottom, muffled by my lap.Chrome needs some work. The file manager system is primitive. If you delete a file, or a folder on the hardrive, which I recently did by accident, there's no possibility of recovering. It's got this big hard drive, which is really not useful for much of anything in such a cloud-based system.Anyway, I'd absolutely buy it again, although probably not for $240. It's not everything and I wouldn't want to have this as my only computer. My suggestion, if you're considering this machine, is that you really focus on what a Chromebook can and can't do for you. That's the main thing. I think if you decide you can work with a Chrome device, you'll be happy with this one.Edited to add: Based on a couple of questions I've received, I would just reiterate that it is important for prospective buyers of a Chromebook to understand what it is and isn't. Someone wrote and asked if you can download and run any kind of software. No, you can't run Windows or Mac programs. You can only run the Chrome browser...that's what this thing is. A browser in laptop form. Now, you can run Chrome apps and it's useful to browse through the Chrome apps website to get an idea of what's available.
computer|Executive summary: $199 is a great price. Chrome OS is quite an interesting and enjoyable computing environment which serves a wide range of needs (close to all of my family's computer use for sure). The Acer C7's performance is noticeably better than that of the $249 Samsung ARM Chromebook for certain things, notably 720p video and Flash games. Plus, the Acer can be opened up and upgraded, unlike the Samsung. Along with "cheaper" those are basically the only areas in which the Acer beats the Samsung, but those made my decision for me. The major flaws of the Acer C7 are the tiny hard-to-use cursor keys, and the downright horrible speakers; the major flaws of Chrome OS, for me, are local network file access and limited supported media formats. Those are significant problems, but for $199 they are not showstoppers.I'm quite fond of my Acer C7 Chromebook. The overwhelming feature is the price. $199!Chrome OS offers a zero-maintenance solution to having a second computer around for family members who essentially only need a web browser anyway. I've come to really enjoy using it. I enjoy knowing that I will never need to provide much tech support for it.A potential buyer of the Acer C7 might also be considering the $249 Samsung ARM Chromebook. I think the Samsung Chromebook is substantially more beautiful, has no fan or spinning hard drive, and has a much better keyboard and speaker. However, it is underpowered. At Best Buy I was able to try them side by side. The Acer was able to handle 720p video from YouTube almost (though not quite) perfectly; on the Samsung dropped frames were much more noticeable. I also tried a Flash game, Bloons Tower Defense 5, which I've noticed is surprisingly stressful for my older laptops. It runs fine on the Acer C7, but is very choppy on the Samsung. Finally, it is easy (if potentially warranty-breaking) to expand the RAM on the Acer C7 up to 16GB (!), and even to replace the silly hard drive with an SSD. The Samsung ARM Chromebook is essentially impossible to upgrade. That, for me, was the clincher.The Acer C7, though not actually ugly, is not a particularly pretty machine. The plastic around the display has a particularly cheap look-and-feel. The hinge at least feels strong. The display itself is reasonably nice, with a decent viewing angle. It's glossy.I do not like the keyboard. I think overall it's not a great keyboard (especially compared to the Samsung ARM Chromebook which has a lovely pleasant-to-use keyboard). The really awful thing is the cursor keys, which are startlingly small and also scrunched up with the page up and down keys. It is really, really unpleasant to use the cursor keys on this keyboard. There are other oddities, if not real problems. The Enter key is oddly shaped for no apparent reason other than gratuitous ugliness. The keyboard has a Caps Lock key (usually replaced by Search on Chrome OS keyboards), and also a Fn key, the only purpose of which is to have a Wifi-Disable keypress Fn-F11 (did anyone really need that?) and to send function keys over Chrome Remote Desktop (I suppose someone might need that---but I regret having a whole key for it in prime territory). This keyboard puts the Chrome OS Search key down with the Control and Alt keys, which is unusual in Chrome OS devices, but it does work to my benefit as it sends Command to Macs over Chrome Remote Desktop. In case it helps anyone, right-Control also sends Command.I like the Chrome OS keys for back, forward, refresh, full screen, and next window.The touchpad is quite a bit more resistant to clicking than I would like. I use tap-to-click instead, but there's no tap-only variant of click-and-drag. (I want the 3-finger drag from Apple.)I often use this Chromebook attached to an external display (and keyboard and mouse... think of it as a desktop replacement!). When I first posted this review I mentioned some issues with this configuration. A Chrome OS update in mid-February 2013 fully resolved these issues for me. The OS auto-update feature is delightful, by the way, automatic and non-intrusive.With an external Mac keyboard, Command sends Control, which is great for someone whose hands are used to Mac key shortcuts.The absolute worst thing about the Acer C7 is the speakers. They are bad. Really, really, bad. They're quiet and tinny and I can hardly stand to listen to them. I'm no audiophile, either---I think almost anyone who uses this machine will cringe a little bit at the sound quality. Was this really necessary to hit this price point? Be prepared to use headphones or external speakers. (And not Bluetooth external speakers... I'm told they are not supported in Chrome OS at all, and this machine doesn't have Bluetooth anyway.)The fan is audible. Not awful, but this is no silent machine. I can't really tell which sounds are the fan and which are the spinning hard drive.The Acer C7 comes with a 320GB hard drive. The question here is... why? As far as I can tell the only filesystem access you get is your Downloads folder. Which the OS is allowed to clear at will to free up space! Chrome OS was designed for minimal local storage, and frankly I don't see how this space will ever be that useful. I suppose there's the "load it up with movies before the car trip" argument. I'll probably even do that myself when I go to visit my family this holiday season. But I'd prefer to have a silent, fast, tiny SSD for normal use, and bring my movies on an external hard drive.I wish it had USB 3.0. Oh well. (Another point in favor of the Samsung ARM Chromebook, there.)On to software. You can use the Web. You can get a terminal with Control-Alt-T and use ssh (but no real local shell). Chrome Remote Desktop is entirely usable. Google Cloud Print seems to work fine, for those of us who have an always-on computer around anyway. Offline Gmail and Google Docs are great if you sometimes lack internet access. Flash games work fine. Google Hangouts has a dumb name but is a fantastic videoconferencing product (the camera and microphone are fine).While I'm on Chrome Remote Desktop: You'll want to right-click the app icon to get it to "open as window", because if it opens as a tab Chrome itself will consume keypresses like control-N and control-W instead of sending them to the remote host.One thing that is lacking is the ability is access network file storage. We have an always-on computer filled with video and audio and I'd like to be able to access those files conveniently. What I've done that's workable is started an FTP server on that machine. But it's not a great interface, and each file has to be downloaded before playing, rather than being streamed. "Sneakernet" via USB drive works fine too of course. I think there is pay software, like TVersity, that will set up a media server for you with a nice HTTP interface, but I haven't tried it. And I wish this was built in.Media playing is a mixed bag. This is irritating... why can't every computer just come with a player as nearly universal as VLC? I haven't had trouble with audio; it seems to play my various mp3, m4a, flac, and wav files just fine. Video is trickier. It seems to play mp4 files happily. It will play some avi files, but not others. Wmv files don't work. For the somewhat technically proficient: you can convert to Chromebook-playable MP4 using various products, like Handbrake or VLC, or the command-line tool ffmpeg: "ffmpeg -i file.avi -c copy file.mp4", "ffmpeg -i file.avi -qscale 5 -strict -2 file.mp4", and "ffmpeg -i file.wmv -qscale 2 file.mp4" are three simple sets of options I've found useful. Frankly having to learn about ffmpeg is, again, irritating; this should just work.You can enter Developer Mode using a particular keystroke during bootup. This gives you a root shell which potentially allows all kinds of fun. It also wipes all storage in your "stateful partition", so don't do this after filling up your silly 320GB hard drive with things you want. The wiping also happens on leaving Developer Mode. Developer Mode also makes Netflix stop working. After playing with this for a bit I decided I didn't really need it. I like that it's there... the principle of the device being unlocked is pleasing to me. But in the end the clean, minimal, just-works built-in Chrome OS is essentially what I want from this machine.Conclusion: At $500+ Chrome OS is an oddball. At $200 Chrome OS is a remarkable new paradigm in computing. It's pleasant to use, and for $200, the various hardware and software flaws aren't bad enough to give me much pause. In fact, for $200, if you're at all tempted, you might as well buy it and see for yourself. A reason to pause would be to consider the $250 Samsung ARM Chromebook, which has significantly better aesthetics and might be a better choice for some people. For me, the Acer C7's better performance for 720p video and Flash gaming, plus the ability to upgrade memory and hard drive, makes it the winner.
computer|First of all, I didn't purchase this from Amazon, since the only sellers here are selling it at absurd prices, there are plenty of places selling it for the $199 price. Because of the low price, I wasn't sure what I was going to get. I was quite surprised to see that although it is hardly a premium build, it is quite attractive for the price. Basically, this is about a $300 machine (if it ran Windows) being sold for $199.I am getting about 4 hours of battery life, which is more than I expected. Since unlike the Samsung unit the battery is removable, I am sure that extra batteries and batteries with a longer life will soon be available.Compared to the Samsung model this unit costs about $50 less. What you give up is (a) battery life (but the Samsung battery is not removable); bluetooth, some weight and size, and you get a 320gb hard drive instead of the Samsung's 16gb ssd. What you gain is a slighty bigger keyboard, a slightly better screen, and the ability to play Netflix (since the Acer uses an Intel processor). Although there isn't too much use for a large drive in ChromeOS, it is a huge benefit if you want to install Ubuntu - which is easy to do on the Acer if you want a "real" OS on it along with ChromeOS. You can also easily expand the RAM and swap the hard drive out if you want, although it will void your warranty.My big worry was that the hard drive would result in slow boot up times, but honestly this thing boots up from off in about 15 seconds and is extremely quick while surfing, so it hasn't been an issue.What this thing is NOT is a Windows computer that will allow you to download programs like Office or iTunes. I am amazed at the number of people bitching about this when it is so easy to read and find out what ChromeOS is.What this excels at is web surfing, not having to worry about viruses, and having automatic updates. WHen I use my Windows and Apple systems I seem to spend most of my time updating, worrying about viruses, etc. For the times when you are watching netflix, hulu or amazon video, catching up on emails, surfing, using goole+ hangout for video chats or doing light weight work with Goggle docs this Acer is quick, cheap and maintenance free. What more could you want for this price?
computer|I researched the chromebook prior to my purchase and was worried that I had made a 200 dollar mistake. Many blog reviews mentioned the poor design or cheap materials. So I pictured this very ugly and flimsy laptop showing up. I opened the box and was delighted by what I found inside. I thought the Acer Chromebook really looked good. It passed the preverbal test of I would not be ashamed of being seen with the device. To me it seemed too many reviewers had taken the smallest things and made them seem like critical defects. In my opinion from an appearance perspective the Chrome book holds it own in the economy laptop world.Performance on the Chromebook has been pretty good. The battery life seems low with only 3.5 to 4 hours. I cant stress enough that it is a different world working with a Chromebook. Not a bad world - just a different world. I really like the simplicity of the device. I was not a big google product user so that has been the biggest part of the learning curve. After two weeks I have found that I am really learning to let go of a Windows universe. Life after Windows has been refreshing.I picked the Acer due to the cost and tasks i typically use my iPad for. For example, I wanted to watch Netflix and other video streaming and the other Chromebook with the SSD seems to be unable to do that at this time.Some reviews have mentioned the fan noise but I have not had any issues with that. It does turn on but it is not a distraction. I think much of the really detailed criticism is more for people who are very refined in what they expect for a laptop. For 200 dollars this is a great machine to surf the net, watch movies, do social media, and do homework on. It has build in virus protection and no other software is needed. The apps/ browser extensions allow for a great deal of variety in how you use the device. Add a ten dollar wireless mouse and this little machine is good for a casual evening of digital consumption or the typical homework assignment.I would buy it again.
computer|First off, I gotta get it out there... I am absolutely IN LOVE with this thing! I have been a Googlephile since joining Gmail in 2005, so obviously this is right up my alley. But you don't have to use all the Google services to appreciate this revolutionary piece of machine.Anyone thinking about switching to the Chrome OS needs to know what it can and can not do. In a nutshell, if you can do it with a web browser in Windows, you can do it here. There are a few rare exceptions, but those are disappearing. If you are willing to rethink how you do things, I've found that the Chromebook can do about anything you would want to do. I am a heavy computer user, fix PCs for a living, and I have not once had to use my Windows 7 desktop since purchasing this Chromebook on 12/21/2012.Now you won't be able to use a lot of peripheral devices with it, but most of the standards work. Keyboards, mice and external storage devices will work fine. Things like cameras, phones, etc will not (though they will still work for charging of course). This does not mean you can't accomplish your task though. The Chromebooks still have SD card slots, so for something like a camera, rather than plugging the camera in to dump pictures, you just take the SD card out and plug that in. Same task done, just in a different way. It also will not interface directly with printers, but with Google Cloud Print, that's not a problem, and you'll still be able to print from it just fine.As far as this particular Chromebook, I don't have much to say or to compare against other models. This review is mostly about the Chrome OS itself, which is certainly the shining feature.As someone who spends most of his days cleaning up viruses, re-installing software, etc, the Chrome OS is a HUGE breath of fresh air. It simply works exactly how it is supposed to, and it works the same every single time. I haven't had to install a single bit of software or wait for a single update. All the software you need comes from the cloud through the browser, and all the updates are done silently in the background, and at MOST will make your boot up take an extra 30 seconds. I have not once had to restart the Chromebook because of an odd glitch, though that's not to say it's impossible. Just hasn't happened to me at all through a month and half of heavy use. My Windows machine surely would of done it many times in that month and a half.The other really great thing about living a cloud-based computing life is never worrying about losing your stuff. Services like Google Docs are constantly saving your work in the cloud. I can in theory (and have once just for fun) stop in the middle of working, go sign into my sister's Chromebook and pick right up where I left off. Fantastic. Gone are the days of losing everything you've done simply because your computer died.The Chrome OS is also GREAT for people who share a computer. All information is kept private between accounts, unlike Windows where some security exists, but most files are still open for everyone by default. Someone could use my Chromebook to look at all sorts of awful things, and I would never know. The guest mode is also great for the security minded. Anyone who's ever owned a laptop knows that people are CONSTANTLY asking "Hey can I use your laptop real quick? I gotta check XYZ". Well in the Chrome OS, they can just use the Guest account so that they will not mess up any of your stuff, and unlike Windows' guest mode, Chrome OS will delete everything the guest downloaded/viewed as soon as they log out. It's a beautiful thing.I feel like I could keep going on and on about how much I love this thing, but I bet hardly anyone will read it, so I won't bother. So, on to the wrap up... Oh and did I mention, like everyone else has, just how quickly this thing boots?! Less than 20 seconds. Jesus...The Chrome OS is not for everyone, but actually it pretty much is. And it is constantly getting better and adding even more features. If you're ready to give up all the frustrations you normally have with a computer, and want to spend your computer time actually DOING stuff rather than working to keep the thing running, then get a Chromebook. If you just spent 10 minutes waiting for your computer to boot up because it had 20 updates to install, and it sent you into a fit of rage, get a Chromebook. If you're tired of paying $50 a year for virus protection that slows things way down and ultimately still lets a virus through, get a Chromebook. If you simply want to be cool like me, then get a Chromebook.
computer|This is a fantastic little unit. Bought this back in November. For 199.00 you can't beat it. It's like an 11" tablet without the touch screen but with a keyboard, which I prefer simply because all the fingerprints on a touchscreen get to be annoying after a while.I'm surprised at the price gouging. You shouldn't pay more than $199.00 for this little gem. You can also get it NOW for $199.00 from Googles Play store.
computer|I bought this Acer C7 Chromebook in November for $199.00, so please don't pay more then that for this device. I am having fun playing around with my chromebook and I am loving it alot, but you also get what you paid for. The pixel resolution is adequate but not impressively bright in color and richness. It'S good enough for web browsing and basic apps but pictures and movies don't look all that impressive. I bought two games from the app store, but they downloaded so choppily I don't even play them. However I have downloaded tons of movies and they show pretty ok. The chromes web store sell apps, but they really web apps, some of them helps you with some offline coaching for some functions on the chromebook. The speaker convey fair enough volume. The webcam is good enough for skype and basic google hangouts video chat, which is easy to initate from with in G mail. The touch pad works well with one finger navigation, but for two finger scrolling or multifinger not so good. I find that the tap and drag moves were also hard to pull of consistently. The keyboard is raised island style with chiclet keys but typing feels comfortable. The only different with the chrome keyboard is that the search key marked with a magnifying glass icon is installed between the ALT and FN keys, but the function buttons all work directly to raise and lower volume or change screen brightness, a nice plus. The battery life suck's on this it last for about 2 hours and half.The Acer C7 Chromebook comes with a 320gb internal storage hard drive, Wi-Fi,HDMI, Sd card slot for additional storage flexibility. There are three USB 2.0 ports, and all your other basic ports into a very portable gadget that can surf the web. You can take it with you on the go and work online, also check your email, skype, play games and even edit some document. It comes with a Ethernet jack and even VGA, but bluetooth isn't included.The Good: [1]. Very affordable plenty of ports and a large hard drive. [2]. It boots up quickly and is simple use. [3]. Small enough to put in your purse and AC charger plug is pretty small to.The Bad: [1]. Biggest drawback is the battery life. [2]. Ugly design [3]. Finicky touch pad.I give it a 5 stars because I thinks it's serve it purpose and it is right for the price. I recommend this for anybody who want to surf the web, play online games, checking email and nonthing to major and heavy.
computer|I just received my Acer chromebook, I love the simplicity. Its basically dummy proof. For the price it is a phenominal value. I was impressed with the build quality for that price. Most people just use the computer for email, surfing the web, music and photo management and maybe some word processing and basic spreadsheets. The Chromebook is perfect for all this. The problems arise when you want it to be something its not, that is a MAC or a PC.It boots up fast with the google icons on the bottom, search, drive, apps. You can "download" many apps for everything you would need. Its not really a download, but a link to a web based app. There is a 320 GB hard drive you can store stuff on or you can store it on the Google cloud. I am using it to do all the above mentioned things. However, since I am writing a few books, I still need my MAC for cover design and the MS word templates to be uploaded to the publishers web site. I will write my drafts in Google Docs because the Acer chromebook is light and easy to carry and use. If you need heavy excel, word, photoshop etc. music software composition etc., its not the computer for you. If you like hassle, worry free computing then it is the product for you.No updates!, no trudging to the genius bar or geek squad 2 or 3 times a month. I prefer the chromebook over our ipad because it has the keyboard. I would say the only weakpoint is the touchpad isnt great but it works. Remember its $200 and it doesn't replace a Macbook Air which is $999 at its cheapest. I havent seen the Samsung but I dont see a reason to pay more money for it over the ACER.(I am big fan of Amazon and buy a lot of things here but you can get the Acer at the Google Play Store for $199)
computer|I purchased my first Chromebook shortly after it was introduced in October 2012. This device was perfect for my needs which were mostly checking my email and surfing the web. I loved the look and feel of it, ease of use, and battery life, but after five days the case heated up and the thing was dead. I tried charging the battery but that didn't revive it and it was useless. I returned it and got a replacement a few weeks later as they were back-ordered at the time. The next one lasted almost two weeks before it went blue screen and unresponsive. I returned this one as well but requested a refund instead of another replacement. I don't know if I just had bad luck or the company is having some quality control issues trying to crank them out so quickly. I'm going to wait and see what kind of track record this device has with other users before purchasing another.
computer|This is a great little machine. I just got mine last night and my first impressions are very positive. A great laptop for the money to be sure - plus the number of peripherals are tons better than the Samsung Chromebook. Currently available DRASTICALLY cheaper elsewhere [...]
computer|I got the Acer C7 almost a week ago and I have barely put it down! This is an amazing machine, it does absolutely everything I want and it was two hundred dollars. How can you beat that? Since receiving my Chromebook I have touched my iPad a total of one time, and that was just to get music and movies off of it. It is comparable in weight to the iPad and it has a bigger screen. I haven't noticed any issues with the battery life. It lasts upwards of four hours. And honestly it's rare (for me at least) to be using it for that long without being near a power source. I have been able to find web apps for everything I need or want. I am a student so I do writing, research, web browsing all that fun stuff and this takes it all in stride. I love the three hundred and twenty gigs of memory. I am very comfortable with the cloud, but it's nice to actually have some music and such on your device. I read reviews of the fan being loud, or the vent blowing out really hot air, I have experienced none of that. If the room is silent I can here the fan, but if there is any other noise it is silent. The air is warm not hot. The keyboard is great. The trackpad was just a tiny bit sluggish for my taste, but as soon as I turned up the speed in the settings it was perfect.This is a great device. If you are considering this device I highly recommend it.
