computer|I bought this item in November and it is now dead. It just would not turn on. I asked a technician to look into it and he said that the motherboard is fried. That is $500 down the drain! Don't buy this, go find a better one.
computer|Perhaps it is simply 'operator ignorance', but after using Windows 4 and then Windows XP which were entirely simple to understand and to operate, I find Windows 7 on this computer to be completely exasperating. What I dislike the most is the requirement to be on-line to access almost everything. Since we pay the the gigabyte with Verizon, I find this new computer invasive that it is set up to share everything with the world, and requires being on-line to access basic features .. such as games. I have not yet succeeded in opening two windows simultaneously (a feature I used regularly when in slow moving meetings); nor have I even tried to save photos. I would appreciate a manual instead of having to call people in India with heavy accents that much of the time I cannot understand.
computer|R&aacute;pida, grande, bonita, en resumen, excelente. una herramienta de trabajo eficiente. La mejor relaci&oacute;n precio-valor. R&aacute;pido despacho y buen empaque.
computer|Here goes _any device with windows 8 is a lost cause,avoid it like the plague- I hope that is plain enough
computer|It is really hard to review the Hardware on this computer because Windows 8 is such a mess. I have used every Windows operating system since Windows 2.1 and never had a problem navigating Windows. Windows 8 is a disorganized mess. The screen that first appears looks liked the screen on a Windows phone. Maybe they tried to tweek the phone OS into a PC OS. There is no start menu in Windows 8. There is no shut down button. Instead you have to click alt f4 to shutdown (I found that out by searching on the internet. Nothing on Windows clues you in to that fact. When the computer tried to install updates they would not install and I had to return the computer to "refresh" the computer to get it to boot up. This caused all my software to have to be reinstalled. There is not an easy way to find apps on your computer. I read that on the start scree there should be a your apps box in the lower left corner. That is not there on my computer. Most days I want to throw the computer in the floor and stomp on it. This is my last windows computer. My next computer will be a MAC. I think the hardware is probably OK. It is just the awful operating system. I am back using my Windows Vista computer which has always worked flawlessly.
computer|I scooped this one up as one of the last Windows 7 units. So far everything works great. The 17 inch screen is slightly mis-leading, as the wide screen style is really about the same size as my older 15 inch.
computer|this item was received accorderly to orden, we are satisfy with your excellent service, keep going we are planning to use your service again
computer|Easy to setup, offers a lot of speed and boots up easily. I wholeheartedly agree that this is a great value.
computer|Am one of the very first 4 buyers about a month ago. got it at $479 with 1 day free shipping, 565 real gig not 640 but ok. has a cool sense & a side ways fan, its a cool laptop with big big screen..... at that price, i couldn't ask 4 more
computer|The g7 is a nice unit but many seem to have a system flaw which causes the charging system to cut out when it's been used in portable mode and then re-connected to AC power. The battery message is "xx% remaining; plugged in, not charging".
computer|Don't buy any computer with the Windows 8 operating system installed. It was made for tablet-type products and is a complete, utter disaster for laptop and desktop applications. I am a long-time heavy user of Windows products and, ironically, believe Windows 7 one of the best operating systems anywhere. Windows 8 is more than frustrating, it is infuriating. And don't think you can buy a computer with Windows 8 then just have Windows 7 installed as several close friends say this doesn't always work. Your best bet is to buy a computer with Windows 7 already installed or go to Apple.
computer|Great performance in all the applications I use. Excellent quality-price ratio. I absolutely recommend it without doubt. I love it.
computer|I like it, cause its what i wanted. However i have a hard time adapting to the new windows 8. But i'm sue i'll get it soon.
computer|I very much have enjoyed this computer.Very simple and easy to use.Not too many special fancy features to mess you up.Not too sure about Windows 8 and those tiles.Other than that a very good computer.
computer|It came later than we thought it would arrive but all is good and my husband is not complaining about Windows 8
computer|Was effortless to order , shipped on time & arrived when promised . Unit was shipped with care to prevent in - transit damage. It came with easy to understand start up instructions . Unit performs as stated in specs , very nice craftsmanship & detail . I bought this as a Xmas gift for my & she is thrilled with it !! Thank You !!!
computer|la franela us polo es justo como se muestra en la foto. muy bonita, la talla es completa. lo recomiendo.
computer|This is the second one of the lower end HP laptops that I have bought at around $400. I have not been disappointed. Windows 8 is smooth. Everything seem to work well I just can't think of anything bad to say.
computer|This laptop is great. I have been a Dell owner for many many years and this laptop is impressive on every single level. Great product.
computer|I had some issues at times with the screen going black for brief intervals, as other reviewers have mentioned. I wondered at first whether this was just a clunky mis-match between the computer's operating power and Windows 8. A friend commented that it might be an NVidia chip problem, a BIG issue with past HP's - but when I contacted HP, phew, big relief: this model doesn't have the old NVidia chips. A bit more customer help support and the early gremlins have finally been sorted ot.
computer|Right out of the box, there were issues with the screen going black, plus extreme slowness when accessing websites or downloading. When HP Tech Support was contacted, first they said that even though it takes 2-3 minutes to load a site, if it eventually loads that means the computer is just fine, and if there were issues with the network ot internet slowness, there would be a $59 charge for assistance! We called back later and got some &#34;real&#34; help, and there was no charge. Apparently there are numerous issues with Windows 8 and although there are no true fixes yet, there are things they can tweak to make it better. After dealing for several hours with HP Tech Support and 2 local computer repair companies, it's fixed and it runs fine and my son loves it. Beware, though, that even though there is a 12 month warranty on this laptop from HP, that 12 months begins when the Amazon Marketplace vendor purchases it, so our &#34;12-month warranty&#34; is really only good for 9 months.
computer|don't like touch pad, but really like it overall trying to get use to windows eight and its features thanks!
computer|Yo compre mi HP Pavilion g7-2240us 17.3-Inch Laptop para sustituir mi vieja HP dv-6, y el resultado ha sido el mejor: velocidad, manejabilidad, comodidad, excelente ambiente gr&aacute;fico. Para mi trabajo como ingeniero civil es lo mejor que he tenido (y es mi tercera HP). El window 8 es grandioso y facil de manejar.
computer|Th computer itself is a 5 star but the Windows 8 software is a 1.VERY difficult to use and get used to. Wish I had the option to stayat Windows 7.
computer|Thsi computer is wonderful! I was looking for an upgrade from my old laptop I had bought back in about 2006 (obviously in need of a new laptop). Computer is fast and loads of memory. I am not a fan of the version of Windows it comes with but I am gettin gused to it, much like every upgrade.. I love the fact that it has a 10 key on the side! Forget how much I miss it when I don't have it! I use it for music, internet exploring and as a photographer, all my photo editing. This laptop processes my edits and changes without hesitation or delays like the older laptop. Perfect for what I need.
computer|was what I expected and easy to set up and use Screen is large and it doesn't get hot Very nice for a non techie
computer|it was well and nice package, arrived in good time and is being used, requirement where and sometime the box is way to big
computer|HP makes a good product and this one is a winner also. Windows 8 took a bit to get used to, but now I love it.
computer|I really like the HP Pavillion for its size.The only thing I don't like is the CD-DVD drive keeps sounding like it is trying to do something,and I am not using it. I have had it since Feb.22,2013
computer|I see a lot of people giving 1 star for reasons that are not related to the product at all.They hate windows 8, they give 1 star, their shipping took forever, they give 1 star. PEOPLE SHOULD RATE THE PRODUCT!The laptop seems to work perfectly for me. It took me a while (by a while I mean less than a day) to get used to windows 8 but there shouldn't be much of a difference if you leave it on "desktop mode". To shut down, just go to "power options" and set the power button to "shut it down". And if there's anything you need to know, just do a google search..no big deal.The laptop itself is great. Good image and sound, and works well with MMO games. Maybe not made for complex PC games but internet games work perfectly.Turns on and off quickly and stays cool.
computer|did not like window 8. impossible to manuver. should have stayed with dell inspiron with window xp. better for me
computer|First HP ever. Normally buy Dell. Will go back to Dell when this one goes to the junkyard. Slow system.
computer|Nice basic lap top. No extra bells and whistles but it works great. I have no problems with windows 8. I wish it had a few of the functions like touch mute etc but for the price a very nice computer.
computer|This laptop performs beyond my expectation!! It is so user friendly and I love that it is app based. Thanks.
computer|it work great and it was more than i expected to very fast and like the big screen beautiful picture
computer|For the amount I paid, this is a great laptop. It's fast, compact, relatively light and has a good looking case. The only issues I have are:-The screen is HIGH GLOSS, just like every other laptop made today, I spent weeks looking for a matte screen, and the only people making them are Samsung. During the day it's a bit annoying, at night so much.-HP BLOATWARE! Make sure you go into Programs and delete all the garbage they put on here, and be to check your Startup files and uncheck most of the bloatware they load.-The plastic overlays they put all over the laptop are hard to get off, especially around the hinges where the screen attaches to the body, I have to delicately remove tiny bits of plastic with a knife.Other than that everything works well, a dead pixel free screen and great Wifi connectivity.
computer|I highly recommend this computer. I don't play games. It is great for everyday use.Nice big display, sound is good also. Much faster than my 8 year old Sony.Thank you
computer|My friend has a Dell laptop and it doesn't run as well as the g7. It also has a nice 17.3'' screen in which is good for movies that are wide screen. It get loud when i run a lot of programs but other wise it is a very good laptop for games.
computer|I have had HP products forever, though my last desktop I got a dell. When I decided to get a laptop I went back to the brand I knew, the customer service is amazing (dvd drive died, fixed no questions no cost easy peasy). I use my laptop all the time, I am beyond pleased.UPDATE 1 month later screen broke, don't know what happened it was fine, I closed it then reopened a little later and the screen was cracked. HP has been a nightmare, from intial contact to wanting 300 bucks to fix something that just failed... never again will I use them I am begining to think the good customer service the first time was unusual and this is typical
computer|I bought one of these for my 11 year old daughter. Somehow the internal screen got broken carrying it from the car into the house. There's absolutly ZERO signs of abuse or neglect. In fact, she was using it in the car, and I'm the one that carried it into the house. So, I'm the guilty party here....Appreantly it doesn't take much pressure on the case to break the internals - the inside of the screen is clearly broken but the screen itself and the external case is fine. I travel EXTENSIVLY with my (Dell) laptop. It's going through x-ray machines at airports at least 80 times a year and I've never had a problem. I literally carried this HP laptop no more than 30 feet and somehow broke the internal crystals in the display.I could understand HP not covering this under warranty if there was obvious abuse or damage but there's none. I even used my iphone to record a video to show that there was no damage before it was shipped back for repairs...Crazy enough, they wanted $270 to replace the screen. I'm done with HP - at least their cheap CONSUMER grade products. I'm not about to by a corporate enterprise-grade laptop for an 11 year old so chalk up another win for Apple and their ipad product...
computer|I love it. It works well with windows 8. It's very light and shiny and sparkly. I've had this for only a few weeks but I have no complaints.
computer|I bought this laptop for my son, he's big into games. At first he was disappointed, complaining that onboard video adapters are bad. I said give it a try. After one hour he came back with a smile from ear to ear. This laptop rocks, its beautiful, powerful, fast, and screen and sound are simply amazing. After overclocking the video card he could play Call Of Sudy MW2 at 70 fps.Excellent bang for the buck!
computer|Windows 8 is the most sickening mess that has ever been put together. I wouldn't recommend Windows 8 to anyone.
computer|I bought this laptop because it still had Windows 7 software which is compatable with my other computers at work and home. I have had problems in the past with first generation Microsoft products, and wanted to stay clear of Windows 8. This computer operates flawlessly and is a high quality product.
computer|only problems was it came with no instruction booklet, but once you get on the instructional on line is great. great screen and keyboard. the keyboard is off center more than what I was used to, so it took a little while to get used to. no problems so far
computer|It came to me - I took it out of the box and plugged it in and it's performed beautifully. It's exactly what I wanted.
computer|really good thank you for the item it was a good purchase i really like this computer it get so fast
computer|Thanks. Everything was great. I really appreciate it. It came fast and was exactly as described. thanks again. blah blah.
computer|I am hoping this laptop lasts as long as it is good. I am looking forward to a long use of this great computer. Thank you
computer|good reasonable price laptop .. it has been with me for 2 month and no problems at all. I liked it ...
computer|do not buy anything from FLOWER Electronics.. they sent me a defective unit and the DVD drive was broken and when I tried to load a DVD into the drive it would not open and I had to take it to a computer repair place to remove the DVD.when I sent the unit back to the seller they charged me a restocking fee for a defective unit.I am in the process of filling a claim with the BBB over this matter and will not ever buy electronics from Amazon ever again
computer|I bought this for my son as his Christmas gift. He loved it...it is now one of his best gifts ever. Speedy delivery which I appreciated since I bought it very close to Christmas Day.
computer|It is missing alot of programs that were on computers in the past. New I have to buy a word program, and outlook express.
computer|great starter for someone just getting a laptop. great size and good for everyday use. would get another one if needed.
computer|Can't say much about it since this was purchased by my cousin and he is the one using it, but have not heard any complaints from him and he told me he was very happy with it this far.I would say that for the price the specs are not bad at all.
computer|Nice large HD display. Cursor interface pad and LEFT/RIGHT MOUSE are not very sensitive. Seems to require quite a bit of muscle compared to my previous DELL laptop. You have to be pretty heavy handed to get a response and I have good forearm and grip strength; but, they function fine (a bit tiresome for the fingers/wrist/forearm for surfing the web or gaming).About that INCLUDED Built-in BLU-RAY player. NOT. CD/DVD burner and standard DVD player...YEP; works fine...but, does not recognize BLU-RAY format DVDs. Load a BLU-RAY disc...NOTHING...force a start to the drive...asks you to "INSERT A DISC IN DRIVE". Never launches. WAZ-UP WI DAT???? Can you guys provide me with the proper CD/DVD/BLU-RAY drive? The indicated Built-in BLU-RAY player was why I went with the HP over the comparably priced/configured DELL. POOP. POOP AGAIN.Large Full HD displayEnjoy ultra-sharp 1080p video on a wide screen--------------------------------------------------------------------------------Built-in Blu-ray playerEnjoy razor-sharp playback of Blu-ray discs
computer|I wish you had this computer back, windows 8 is the most user unfriendly program I have ever used!!!!! IT SUCKS
computer|NEVER BUY FROM THIS COMPANY. I SPENT $800 FOR A LAPTOP AND HAD TO HAVE THE HARDRIVE AND CD DRIVE REPLACED, TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE, PLEASE TAKE IT FROM ME AND NEVER SPEND YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY ON ANYTHING THIS MANUFACTURER MAKES, TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE. I CANNOT STRESS THIS ENOUGH.
computer|I am always happy with HP products, and I own several of them already. My problem was with the shipping when I received the computer the screen was cracked. More than likely in the handling after it was shipped from Amazon but I think These products should have better packaging to prevent this from happening. Not really on Amazon but it needs to be addressed. I will say that the return went smooth and i was refunded my money in a very timely manner. Kudos Amazon for that.
computer|I would not recommend buying these laptops. I had mine for about a week and the screen would turn red and then the computer would freeze. I would only recommend getting a brand new one. I don't know if I can get a new one since it is taking forever for the new shipment.
computer|Just purchased the HP g7-2010nr and the WiFi will not work. I received it yesterday & spent 2 hours on the phone with HP Support. They were very nice but the problem is not fixed. I am going to try one more time with a call to support and if that does not work it will be returned!
computer|The computer was supposed to come with Windows 8 already installed--NOT! I have to buy the program. There doesn't seem to be a human to whom I speak.
computer|I have an HP Pavilion dm4-3050us Entertainment PC. I purchased this brand new computer from Staples on February 15, 2012. In April 2012, I began to have a problem with the touchpad. It was diagnosed by HP that it was defective and was sent disks to repair the problem and bring the laptop back to initial purchase. FIRST, we needed to back up all of the 400 GB documents, photos, pix, etc, that was on my laptop. It took months to re-install these documents. Shortly after, there was another problem that was resolved fairly quickly with the assistance of HP support. In December 2012, I began having additional problems with this laptop. We took it to a neighborhood repair business and we were told the hard drive was defective. He suggested we call HP!! (Oh no, not that again!!) Between December 19th through today, my husband and I have recorded over 10 hours of talk with HP support, customer service, case managers and the corporate office. They are requesting I return the laptop to them and they will look at it and replace the hard drive. I'm not entitled to a new computer!! Another option was that they would send us the hard drive and we would need to have it installed. We are unable to back up the documents that are on this computer. The man at the store said he would charge us $120 to back up our computer as it is a time intensive project. Last call was the corporate headquarters was gonna pass the buck to some other customer service person from within the company. When I called, I asked to speak to Meg Whitman, they said NO! Go figure!! I WILL NEVER BUY ANOTHER HP PRODUCT!! I write this and laugh....who really cares. I am a no body in a big world that does buy HP products. No one will ever hear me!!! I want an Apple product...and who doesn't!!!
computer|In describing this piece of trash, I want to use sick metaphors of malformed babies and the offal of a gutter drunk. Would that get my comment deleted?That is how badly angered I am by this nice on paper but sadly dead on first boot laptop. But it's worse than just a dud:1)"Windows installation failed. Please retry installation." ON FIRST BOOT out of a Best Buy box. Thus my desire for awful metaphors.2)Within a minute of the "fill out your basic info startup screens," there was an unnerving and ceaseless clacking noise from within the foul beast. I have owned many computers, and never heard this.3)It has, simply put, the worst screen you will ever waste your eyes on. It is glossy and reflective as a pool of water, which makes viewing anything on the screen a more muddy experience, and most importantly,4)Yes, the screen gets two: it has a viewing angle of ten degrees. Yes, I said ten, and I didn't measure it so there might be a few degrees margin of error, but best case is twenty. The milky, cataract white glare creeps in unless you lock your eyes at the most rigid and elusive angle, and do not move. Ever.Within two minutes of the startup screens, I felt the omens of a headache, and again - I've owned *many* computers, and never experienced this on some truly bad screens.I am not sensitive or picky to these things.I have deadlines to make - you will never again sell me your trash, HP.
computer|Way to complicated to figure out how everything works for someone not technically savvy. Wouldn't recommend this product for someone who's looking for something simple. Bought this laptop in addition to our home computer for our teenagers.
computer|amazing great price must buy beautiful sound lovely size wonderful to watch movies amazingly great. i use it everyday for entertainment
computer|I am more than happy with this laptop. It took a little time to get used to the very flat keys but now with some use I find I like the feel. It has more than enough hard drive to keep me using this computer for years to come. Overall I'm very happy with it.
computer|I love it. I really wanted another laptop computer with Windows 7 before they go away. I would recommend it.
computer|I chose HP because I have had good success in the past with HP products. I love the wide screen! I know I will love it even more when I figure out Windows 8.
computer|Product exceeds most of my expectations. I have only had it for a week, but so far every time I've learned something new about it, it's been a pleasant surprise.The laptop came with Windows 8 which is new for me. It seems pretty intuitive, but I'm still getting used to it. Partitioning the hard drive, hooking up to the home WiFi network, printer, external shared drives, etc. was straight forward and easy.The one feature I'm not crazy about, and I haven't figured out how to shut it off is that the computer will not start if there is something plugged into a USB port. I have a USB keyboard with a built in smart card reader, and if I don't unplug it before powering up, the screen turns on but the process freezes before it even displays the HP welcome screen. Unplug the keyboard and it boots right up. My other PCs don't behave this way with the same keyboard. I'm sure it was intended as a safety feature, but to me it's annoying.
computer|You can tell HP cut corners 4 profit.The casing is incredibly flimsy and and thin.I have this habit of drumming my finger in triplets, while waiting.. this is how I know.I order this PC for my mom based on the Specs. MY PC (Acer Aspire phenom II quad core) doesn't rattle when i drum my fingers on the cases (By the mouse touchpad).. And I thought HP was better than Acer. Dont ask why. You can just tell the poor workmanship on the casing.Anyway, the performance is seamless. 6gb of ram (2 more than mine) and 2.3ghz give you the multitasking power you need. I run Music production software on my pc, and it runs smooth, i can only imagine what this PC would do with it. its no i5 processor, but i3 kills!If you're looking for performance (WE WERE) than this is for you, if you're looking for a sturdy PC that can take a bruise.. you might want to reconsider.
computer|Product just as stated in the ad. Shipped quickly, good value. Very happy with this purchase. Would highly recommend to others.
computer|After reading all the prior reviews, I was a little concerned with Windows 8. It was a breeze to set up and going from XP to Win 8 was a non-issue. I found my files quickly and software loaded without a hitch except for Adobe Flash CS4 and I didn't really need it anyway. This is the first computer that I haven't had setup problems with and still haven't gotten frustrated with it either. I LOVE THIS COMPUTER! I haven't found anything that I don't like so far. I've had this for a week so will update later if I run into any problems. I read where many are having a problem with the touchpad, but after reading the directions on how to navigate with it I'm having no problems with it being overly sensitive. This is an awesome computer for the price and I would recommend it to anyone!
computer|I bought this for my wife to replace her business desktop system running Windows 7 Pro. It came with Windows 8, which I wasn't sure about. I had to upgrade to Pro to allow adding to the domain. But, I was able to setup and install all software required from old system. Had to install Windows Live Mail 2012, since the built-in Windows 8 mail doesn't support POP! But, that was a Windows issue, not HP.Overall, everything is good so far.
computer|and a month later I am happy to report that He is using and enjoying his FIRST Laptop. He has used desktop HP PC's for all these years but now travels and enjoys the mobility this unit affords at a very decent price. Yay!
computer|I love everything about my new laptop. Can't believe what I was missing out on. Certainly would recommend it to anybody.
computer|I originally purchased for a business to use on their SBS 2008 server, but because you can't get the Windows 7 Home to Professional Upgrade any longer, I decided to keep for personal use. My fiance is having a ball with it as an early Christmas present. Great sound from the laptop. You really don't need to connect speakers to enjoy Netflix or Pandora or iHeart radio. Very sturdy, nice keyboard feel and good battery life. The only think I didn't like is all the crapware that came preinstalled and getting rid of the Norton was a bear. Highly recommend.
computer|I absolutely love my purchase. The price I paid for this was well worth it. I am enjoying hours of fun surfing the net now.
computer|I have wanted an HP Pavilion for awhile now. Got one at a good price and am totally happy with it. Love the large screen and the speed of everything.
computer|Runs very smooth. I love the appearance of it, It's shimmering black & lightweight.I've had no problems with it so far. Good Deal.
computer|Product as of today still has yet to come. I requested a cancellation of the item. Did not like how I had limited tracking information on it as well.
computer|I am a college student and heavy traveler. I have experimented with many different laptops but somehow landed on HP to buy right before I went back to school 2 years ago because I enjoyed the large screen and brightness for writing papers or watching movies. The first couple of months were fine, although I immediately regretted buying something so huge that I would have to tote around in my backpack all day (good luck in trying to find a case this big...quality ones are very hard to come by and if you try to cram then you will break the case). Display is still wonderful, but the start up is VERY slow and agonizing, and I usually have to give it a good 10-15 minutes to fully boot up. Once on it for a while, the temperature gets extremely hot and I have to transfer it from different tables in my room in order for it to not burn anything or it's own hard drive. Even on my desk I have to tilt it up on books in order for its tiny fan to air itself out (which is also very very loud). Then last month, both of the hinges fell off the screen so it's only being held up on one side by a measly steel bar with all of the wires sticking out...it's a nasty sight and I feel completely unprofessional. With the hinges gone, the metal parts burn me if I touch them. I'll definitely be purchasing another brand in the near future, preferably one that doesn't abuse me at every chance it gets and also something that can handle the life of a college student.If you are a patient user just looking for a computer with good display that you will leave immobile on your desk, this one would be fine.
computer|So far so good. The memerory is above average. The keyboard is great. It does everything I need and a little bit more.
computer|HP Pavilion g7-224us, the quality of this laptop is of poor quality, inserting a cd is almost impossible. Must pry the slot open. Slow, slow process for all programs including booting up. Do not buy!,
computer|I am very pleased with this computer! It was delivered very quickly, packaged well, and easy to set up, I was able to use it right away! I am still on a learning curve with windows 8, but it was my choice to get it instead of going back to windows 7! Anyway, the price is perfect for my budget and needs at this time, the computer is sturdy, keyboard easy to use, 17+ screen makes it easy to see what I'm doing (!), the processor is fast and the storage is perfect for my needs, specifically photo and document storage. Prior to purchasing online through Amazon, I had researched for a few months then spent an agonizing couple of weeks dealing with ridiculous sales personnel, wrong purchases and difficult returns--all around the holiday's which only accentuated the misery. A good friend suggested I take my research to Amazon and cut out the stress-producing big-box stores and all dealing with them entails! So I took that advice, and ta-da: I'm very happy with the results. In the future when I'm searching for gifts or personal purchases, I will return to Amazon AND HP for electronics, books, art supplies--everything.
computer|Amazon doesn't tell you that if you order this thru one of their vendors that the warranty begins when the vendor buys the product from HP and not when you purchase the product. I recently received this laptop and received notification from HP that the warranty was only for 10 months. If I had known this before hand it might have affected my decision to purchase thru Amazon. Otherwise the product meets my needs.
computer|so far this refurbished laptop has exceeded my expectations; the 6GB memory is exceptional, the i3 is fast enough for graphic work and moving about the internet with a graphic program open, WIN 7 works flawlessly, programs were easy to install, media player runs beautifully, 650GB HD gives room to maneuver, and the screen is awesome! Contacted HP and found the full HP warranty runs until August this year, have a number to call for an extended warranty, and feel confident in this laptop. I bought it for a friend and she loves it! The seller offered a fantastic price on this item & delivered promptly. I am more than pleased with this purchase.
computer|So far I really love this laptop and the price was very cheap if you look a the price that I paid for my last laptop and so far this works just as good. Not a real fan of Windows 8 so far but as of righting this I am using it without a mouse and that my be the problem. so far everything works just fine it surfs good it is fast and it sounds good. The only thing that I have done with it is played games like Diablo 3 but I think that it will work just fine as it plays movies just fine.
computer|Still getting use to Windows 8 and so far so good. It is a much faster version of my older HP and a lot more options on this. We decided to use this in lieu of our older desktop since the 17 inch screen is easy to view and large enough to work off of at home. I was a bit surprised that it was not a touch screen as expected from the information prior to purchase. Unless I am not doing something right or loading something on there properly, it does not have any touch screen capabilities. So they need to make that more clear so that customers expectations will not be like ours. It is not a big problem, but did lead us to believe that it would have a touch screen. I am use to working off of many other previous laptops so I doubt that it actually does have a touch screen or I would have found out how to activate it. The temporary MS Office and Norton product take some patience to stay on the computer and both took a couple of times of activating before they actually stayed active. I recommend that you go ahead and buy these products and forget about the temporary versions, might might just frustrate you operating them. Overall I think it is a solid purchase, a solid product from a solid company, just read carefully to make sure you get all that you want.
computer|This laptop has been great so far. Covers everything I need and more. Would recommend this to buy. Good price
computer|I rated it that way because it came with Windows 8 which is a big disappointment. IE 10 is pretty much garbage since it crashes all the time on web pages that work fine in Firefox. I'm also disappointed that the site said that If I ordered by such and such time I'd get it by Friday which I did. It came Monday.
computer|it seems to function good fast key board works good had a different brand didnt work good wonderful experience and wqs shipped fast
computer|works pretty well but the touchpad is not up to using windows 8. it only works intermittently which means I often use a mouse. speed is excellent. Great value for money though.
computer|I bought this for my wife for Christmas. So far it is easy to setup and use. It is large so it isn't for portable use unless you have a desk to set it on but it is a very good computer. Very nice large and bright screen. Has a DVD writer also.
computer|I wasn't sure I ever wanted a laptop because of small screen size and how fragile I'd always heard they could be but with the 17.3 inch screen on this unit, the size is fine. So far it's holding up to being hauled around when we were on vacation. The wifi connects quickly and easily. I DID buy a small wireless USB mouse as I still don't like using the tiny controls on laptops but that's just a personal thing. Some may not like the amount of programs that come preloaded but those are easy to delete if you don't want to use them.
computer|NETFLIX look really good on this screen. The sound is great, and my only disappointment is that I didn't get the touch screen! ugghh. OVERALL satisfaction.
computer|I bought this to stream movies & it works perfectly. Great wifi & super fast USB. Huge hard disk & I can't believe how affordable. It's not the most portable but I have my smart phone for that. This is a wonderful desktop replacement & I'm very happy with this purchase.
computer|the product was defective when I received itIt appears that the seller does poor packaging (no cushion whatsoever for a laptop!!)happy that it was defective from day one rather than finding out a couple of months later!the return process was smooth and got my refund fast. unfortunately I had to pay to ship it back- not refundable...why? I can understand returning because I did not like or found a better deal..but for a defective or DOA?....doesn't make sense...will not buy from this seller again...
computer|This laptop gets it all done 100x faster than I've ever experienced. I am very pleased with the whole package. A lot of people have said they don't like the new Windows 8, but I strongly disagree. Not only does it have a desktop mode with one click on the "desktop" icon on the start screen, but the start screen is very useful indeed. It doesn't take long at all to get used to it. It runs all of my previous software beautifully. I'm a musician and compose a lot of music and create videos, so it does more for me than any other laptop ever has. I recommend using either wireless mouse or another USB wired mouse because the touchpad can get a little quirky at times. Other than that, this laptop has it all.
computer|So far after approximately a month, I really like my laptop with windows 8. Everything seems very easy to navigate, and is user friendly. I use this mostly for surfing the net and playing some games, and meets my needs greatly.If I had to say one bad thing about it, is that it's battery life is very short.
computer|Special comes with warranty, and they all arrived very well components shipment and distribution is excellent and very fast, good service and meets specified
computer|I purchased this laptop 6 months ago and it has been nothing but problems. In late August, the internal fan just stopped working and after calling HP they told me to mail it back and they would fix it and return it in 30-45 days. Seriously? I'm a PhD student and cannot be without a laptop for 30-45 days. HP will never see one more dollar from me again!
computer|bought two of these for work while functional you will need to upgrade from windows 8 starter pack to get more functionalitycomes with pretty basic programs but that's it I also found that it has a very poor battery life seems that the battery drains very fast you need to be near a power outlet just in case, but for the price i'll give it a borderline pass.
computer|I've had this machine for a week and the operating system is turning into a nightmare; it takes several tries to install software, numerous and increasing alerts, updates hanging up, firewall and antivirus software not turning on and a totally unintuitive, bewildering user interface. I realize that Microsoft has its sights set on the future and that is all about tablets and touch screens, but many of us still need to be productive. If you can get this machine with windows7 do it. You'll be a lot happier. I will probably move on to Mac despite all its self-important, overrated arrogance, snottiness and price. At least the products are stable, not terribly virus-prone and work.
computer|This laptop is fast, pretty to look at (ie, shimmery). I see a few negative remarks, but I have had no issue at all with this purchase.6 months later, still no complaints! Updated to windows 8 and it is even faster.
computer|a computer is a computer and you buy by the specs. The only fault is the charactors on the keys are almost impossible to see in norma light conditions.
computer|Product key received with the prpduct was either invalid or wrong. Item physically good and buttons work great, but mouse tends to stick alot.
computer|Partly I blame Windows 8, which makes using a computer unpleasant. That's not HP's fault. They do bear blame, however, for the extremely difficult mousepad, which invites errors.
computer|Hasta ahora me va superbi&eacute;n con esta adquisici&oacute;n y atendiendo a sus especificaciones no tengo dudas que la relaci&oacute;n calidad precio es unas de las mejores, me llego tod en tiempo y adem&aacute;s muy bien empacada, hasta ahora ninguna queja, se la recomiendo a cualquier amigo.
computer|HP is a nightmare of a company. They do not care about their customers. I have now purchased two different HP laptops that cost a total of almpost $1000,and both machine were worthless. First one (different model) lasted less than two years and then overheated and stoppedaltogether. I did everything on my part, but it did not help.I really thought this model would be better esp. with cool sense. After 3 1/2 weeks, the machine began overheating, the coolsense stopped working, and the machine would not shut down or re-start properly because the cooling fans do not work.This is clearly a systemic issue with HP machines. Yes, overheating can be an issue with laptops, but in many cases itis simply necessary to clear the dust out of the vents, or to update the BIOS. When I contacted HP for help, the only thing theywere willing to do was to try updating the BIOS. They were unwilling to try any other diagnostics, and said I had to return my newmachine for repair. Fortunately I bought from Amazon and can still return under the 30 day policy. I asked them to please make sureeverything had been tried, to try proxying into my macine, etc. In the past when HP used Indian tech support, I got decent help. Butthis is a typical case of an American company that takes its customers for granted, and does not care about them or their business.I explained that I am a writer and can not be without my pc, and that I was not having a lot of other problems (just a couple minor anomalies),and that the machine was really not getting that warm. They did not care. Once I was dealing with the case manager, they had made theirdecision not to help me anymore, refused my request for a courtesy in-home repair esp. since this was my second HP machine that failed onme. I know HP is widely bought, but do not waste your money, and take a chance on having to go through the nightmare of spending weekssetting up your machine, printers, network, etc., and then have to get a new machine and start all over again. Do yourself a favor andbuy a more reliable machine from a company that values its customers. I hate HP and am considering filing a Better Business Bureau complaint.
computer|THE COMPUTER IS NICE, it looks cute for me, light way I love the design but hate w8, I had to adapt to it but i wish i could have the same features but with w7. if you do not know about the difference about w8 and 7 do your research... in overall, the computer is not that fast, I mean you can do a lot of things but it will take its time, Its okay the price is great. ONE THING I LOVE is the graphics, so far so good, sound is also ok
computer|Its one of the slowest computers I've ever used. I defintely had higher expectations for this laptop. I don't know if the the laptop is defective or windows 8 is has glitches either way I'm in the process of returning it. I'm actually quite mad because I'm taking an online course that I can't access because it stops responding and then computer never recovers. I've had to take the battery out about 7 times to get it to restart. ive had this laptop for a month and hasnt been any use to me, and not to mention windows 8 is a bit annoying to navigate. Its not hard but its system that should only be used on tablets. Also the mouse pad button doesn't work when you push it sometimes.
computer|this laptop does very well at browsing online, but then again whats it take to do just that? if you want to play a game... good luck, 4 frames per second isn't good enough, trying to play video games, my screen is as fast as watching a game of pong... i saw reviews about good graphics, and all this jazz on the advertisement saying its good. well BS. everything else is good, but the graphics card is crap. total crap. my 2 gigabyte laptop i upgraded from played games better than this. which i might add was bought in 04.
computer|i have just had this a week so too soon to really tell! i just have one question? what do i have to do to register it and make sure im protected. would someone please email me at this address and let me know what i need to do. what happened with my 1150 hp i dont want it repeating. my address is greekolivegreek@yahoo.com. thank u very much! Felipe Parra
computer|Nice computer; runs quietly, good display. Do Not like Windows 7. I had to upgrade Windows 7 Home Premium to Windows 7 Professional in order to get XP mode and Virtual PC so I could run my older software. Windows 7 does not like older software. So be prepared to buy all new software or upgrade the operating system.
computer|First I want to emphasize that I've only had this laptop a little over 2 weeks. In that time I have used the DVD burner to create the recovery discs (that's the FIRST thing everyone should do when they get a new computer, before they do anything else with it), the restore CD, a few other DVDs I needed to make (which ended up being fully compatible with my old Lenovo/IBM T61 laptop's DVD-ROM/CD-RW drive), had the computer running 24/7 for about a day and a night uploading backups, ran the computer almost constantly during the day for the past two weeks (on A/C power).The computer performs fantastic, is very fast and stays much cooler (even in a hot apartment) than my old laptop did.I use my computer not just for watching videos, email and surfing but also for my work doing web development and also running virtual servers for testing scripts, etc. Also another thing I did was make sure the OS and computer (including BIOS) was updated fully so I have the latest of everything.The pros:Very fast, plenty of hard drive space, built-in SD card reader (I use 64GB SD cards for backups), AWESOME SOUND (from headphones). The built-in speakers also aren't too bad. I have a pair of powered Altec Lansing speakers packed away and always loved the sound so I was glad to see that Altec Lansing audio was built into this laptop. Including Dolby which makes the sound (especially with headphones) truely awesome! You may want to also tweak it to your liking in control panel and Windows Media player, if needed.The display is amazingly brilliant and sharp. Very rich colors. I love the size of this display. I was used to a 14" display on the old laptop and hated dragging out a 19" monitor I used to have. This lets me play some casual games and watch videos in just the right size. The laptop isn't so big that it won't fit on larger laptop lap desks, which makes it great for watching movies outside the home office.There's a full size keyboard with nice large keys and a keypad. No more having to hit Fn-Numlock to get a number pad (which was integrated into the keyboard on my Lenovo laptop).It took a bit to get used to Windows 7 but I'm looking forward to the Windows 8 upgrade which I registered to get for $14.95. You do that directly from Microsoft.I was on Skype with a friend a couple times and was amazed I could talk and hear them and without no glitches while talking.The built-in video isn't too bad for a low-end video camera. It could be nice for doing video chat or YouTube videos. Just be sure you have plenty of good lighting around you.Love the White LED scheme. Goes well aesthetically with the look of the computer, which is a nice glossy black and silver accents.The Cons:The keyboard is back a ways from the front and it takes some getting used to.I am still trying to get used to the placement of the keys. LIke the delete/home/end and the way the Control and Alt keys are between an Fn and Windows key on the left. Sometimes I end up hitting Fn instead of Control!The Function keys you have to use the Fn key to get F2, F3, etc. F5 doesn't have a pre-mapped function. I had to get used to that but found that it was nice to be able to raise/lower volume and move between songs using the function keys.The touchpad is really rough but since I don't use the touchpad much, it sometimes gets in the way. Thankfully you can double tap a little bubble in the upper left to turn it off. Though I think it should show an LED when on and not when off.The screen is incredibly glassy. While this makes for an awesomely rich colored and brilliant display, it's also impossible to see if your laptop is facing a window or lamps or just about anything. It pretty much works like a mirror sometimes! I moved my desk around so that it's facing the wall to solve the problem.The location of the AC power jack is on the right side towards the back. I liked my Lenovo T61's power jack location better as it was on the back of the computer out of the way.The hard drive light is a tiny light on the side near the power jack and USB port. This is kinda inconvenient when you want to see hard drive action to see if the computer stopped or if something is using the hard drive a lot. So far I haven't really needed to check it though.The WiFi light is on the F12 function key, which if you press F12, you would turn on/off your WiFi. I don't like this as it could be forgotten when using a program that uses F12. Also the WiFi light is either red for off or white for on. It doesn't blink to show if there's any activity going on (my old laptop's light was on the monitor bezel and would blink according to activity). Good thing the router is nearby so I can check activity if I needed to.When you first log into the computer for the very first time, the desktop wallpaper is just plain UGLY! Sorry, but that really struck me as odd.Other stuff:I had to get used to the headphones and mic jacks being on the left side instead of the front. But in thinking about it, it's better this way if you are using a lap desk as then the headphones would fit.I'm not crazy about the extra programs that came with it but I did keep some of them HP ones.I at first thought it had Bluetooth built in but later found out that it did not. This was MY fault as I didn't read the advertisement fully. But it worked great with my little Bluetooth adapter and a few other devices also installed quite easily.Overall:Overall, I still quite happy with the laptop and intend to use it for everyday use be it personal, entertainment, work, etc. I do hope it'll last me a good long time.
computer|Excellent all purpose laptop. Extremely quick for all everyday tasks including surfing, email, basic games, etc.The touchpad can get a bit troublesome with the multigesture support but you can go into control panel and shut off certain aspects of it.Great built in features including webcam, hdmi port and card reader make this laptop very versatile.Stays very cool and quiet compared to much older dell machine that it replaced.The one place it may lack is gaming as it uses integrated intel hd 3000 graphics. But if you're into hardcore gaming,chances are you're spending double on a machine with discrete graphics and not looking at this.For the price, this is an excellent buy.EDIT 8/31/12: Have been experiencing a problem where I would plug in the A/C power and the battery indicator would tell me "plugged in, not charging". Called HP for support for the battery issue, and even though the service was excellent with remote access, the issue has not been resolved. I will try returning it to Amazon and exchanging for same model. I do really like the laptop otherwise.
computer|When I would open & close the lid, the monitor would stay black for 3 - 10 seconds and flicker 3 - 5 times before the image would stay. This started the first day and progressively got worse. I had turned off all monitor and hard drive power settings (no sleep mode, hibernation, etc)., and checked to ensure all drivers (video, bios, etc) were up-to-date. With all software up-to-date, I then knew it was a hardware issues. I called HP and tech support who agreed it was a hardware issue and offered to repair it for free as it was 4 days old. I told them "no" and am returning it. Also, the DVD drive would start for no reason and the function keys didn't always work. The sound key and monitor brightness keys sometimes took multiple hits to work.Edited on September 5....HP tech support has been nothing but fantastic. They bumped my call up to next level support and then emailed me and called me. I informed them of what fixes I tried, how they didn't work and it is a hardware issue, and I am just going to return it. They provided me with a coupon for an HP Store purchase for my troubles and hoped I would buy a HP again. They went out of their to try to make me happy (I wasn't upset, I understand that hardware issues will happen).
computer|It took a few days, but I think I now have Windows 8 figured out. The Laptop itself is great. I like the speed and the 17 inch, very clear, display. The keyboard is easy to use, but I bought a wireless mouse. I don't like working with the touch pad. The only disappointment I have, is the CD/DVD drive is not Lightscribe compatible. It wasn't in the description. I just forgot to check for it. I'll get an external Lightscribe CD/DVD drive to use as I need it.I just had to state, I could not find a compatible external Lightscribe CD/DVD burner. Lightscribe doesn't work with Windows 8, and it has been dropped by HP. HP started deleting Lightscribe burners from their computers in early 2011. I believe the technology has been dropped by third party DVD burner manufactures also. Despite my disappointment, it's still and excellent computer.
computer|Bought this laptop as a replacement for my old desktop HP. Couldn't be happier. Beautiful big screen and solid construction, nothing flimsy about this unit. I would not hesitate to suggest this unit to anyone seeking an affordable desktop replacement.
computer|Do not buy this computer!!!Apparently some of the people in this forum had good results with the computer and with HP technical service, but my experiences were quite different.]]First of all, about two days after a got the thing, the WIFI receiver went out. I called HP to get help, and on the first call, I was connected to one of their service personnel. I explained the situation to him, he put me on hold, and when he came back about 10 minutes later, he told me that he would have to call me back. I waited about half an hour, and when he didn't call me back, I called the tech service again.This time a woman answered. Her English wasn't very good, and things had to be repeated at least twice in order for messages to be exchanged. I told her what the problem was, and she put me on hold. She came back and told me that whoever had determined that it was a software issue, and they didn't deal with software issues. I told her that I had purchased the 3 year warranty when I bought the computer, but she insisted that that didn't apply to software problems.After the call, and after I finished cursing, I did a little exploring of the computer and discovered that HP had included an application that re-installed the driver for the WIFI. I performed the re-installation, and, low and behold, the thing worked. O.K. My WIFI worked, but why was it that the technician didn't know about a utility that HP had installed, and if I were less able to troubleshoot the problem myself, I would have been stuck with a non-functioning computer - at least as far as HP was concerned.Although I had tested the RW drive to see if it played movies, which it did, and although it was capable of installing software from a CD, after some time, I decided to try formatting a couple of CDs. This computer comes with a utilities package that controls the use of the CD drive. I followed the instructions on how to save a file to the disk. Included with this computer is a software package that supposedly operates the CD drive. I went through the various steps to prepare the disk, and to make a long story short, it didn't work. After I had conditioned the disk according to the instructions, I was left with an un-formatted disk that didn't accept ordinary save commands from programs like my word-processor. I attempted to override this by calling the ordinary Windows formating routine. About a half hour later, when the program had gone through the whole process, Windows returned an error stating that it could not format the disk. When I inserted my disk into another computer, it was true, the disk was not formatted. I tried formatting the disk on the other computer, and when I inserted it into the HP, I found that the HP recognized it and gave me the directory of the empty CD. But when I tried writing to this disk, I got a message that said that the file had been stored somewhere and was waiting to be burned onto the CD.Again I called HP. Again I got a technician who spoke broken English. She attempted to gain access to my computer, but the server wasn't working, and the result of the call was that nothing was accomplishe. She did tell me, however, that she could connect me with their CD expert, and maybe he could help me. This sounded OK until she informed me that it would be a service I had to pay for. I bought this thing a little more than a month ago, the sold me a computer that doesn't work, and now they want me to pay to fix it. Sounds like a great way to make money to me! Just sell non-working products to a million people, and then charge them to fix them.To end this story, I did eventually get good results, but not from HP, but from Amazon. They have been very good to me throughout this whole experience. Despite the fact that I have had the computer for a little over a month, they have agreed to give me a refund, which I will use to buy another computer from Amazon. But believe me, it won't be an HP.
computer|This laptop has performed exactly as advertised. The only hitch was that I transferred my files and programs from my old computer wirelessly and then had trouble installing programs like Roxio Move Maker. I had to reset the computer to factory settings and then the installation went smoothly. Would caution anyone about transferring files wirelessly, especially from a computer that was not functioning well.
computer|This is my second machine. the first seemed slow thats because it t came with only 2 Gigabites of ram .I contacted customer service and they apologized and sent the machine I ordered with the 6 Gig of Ram. excellent response by customer service in correcting the mistake which we all know do happen ,but I suggest checking the machines properties to make sure your getting what you ordered. Works great ,big screen and fast speed what else do you need.I just got it so far so good for viewing NFL MLB HBO and Netflix as well as zipping around the net.
computer|First of all I think that the appearance isoutstanding. This is in glossy black which wasmy preference. Very professional look and everything fits together well. I choose the 17.3because it added additional screen space for thefinancial reports that I'm looking at all the time.I went over the features that I would need aheadof time and it fills this need very well. I'mnot a gamer so I'm sure that this doesn't haveall of those requirements but for a great businessand home computer I'm very happy.Amazon delivered on time and in perfectcondition.
computer|I bought this for my wife to replace a six year old 15" HP laptop that had grown very slow and needed a new battery. This laptop fits the bill. It is fast, she loves the larger screen, it is not too heavy and she doesn't have to drag around an electrical cord behind her any more (for some reason she did not want to spend the money on a new battery). The high gloss black finish looks very good. She has had no problems with this computer which is wirelessly connected to our home network. A 17" laptop with these specs at this price is a good deal.
