computer|This is my wife's computer and she is completely satisfied with it. Typical exceptional Apple build quality. Feather light, but size is just right.
computer|The weight, the shape AND the complete sensantion of working in this product is amazing. I do recomend ItThe way they sent It to me was perfect also
computer|Ok, so I live in the UK where Macs cost almost in pounds what they cost in dollars in the US, even allowing for sales tax. We have family in the US so I ordered a Mac Air for my wife's birthday, had it delivered to NYC and we collected it just before Sandy got there. What's to say? There's nothing not to like about a Mac!
computer|This is by far the best computer I ever got. Speedy and light, it totally Goes over my expectations. The battery life is good enough for a thin computer like this. I recommend it.
computer|The latest and greatest from Apple. It's an apple product - and those who are Mac fans (like me) appreciate the finest from Apple.
computer|With the latest CPU, performance should be fine for most users. However, the battery lasts only 5 hours, which is a major trade-off. Also, the 128GB SSD means you may potentially run into capacity issues.
computer|The Macbook was a absolute must for my wife seeing that she enjoys Apple products with great appreciation. She has the I-pad, I-pod, and just recently the I-phone. Life has been so much easier for her considering she handles all the finances for the household. She just can't stop talking about how great her Macbook air, which has combine all of her Apple products,and how it makes everything in life so much easier.
computer|it was so light weight, i really should have gotten the larger screen size! I like the weight of this new laptop which i got for traveling.
computer|WHAT CAN I SAY ABOUT THE MACBOOK PRO. PURCHASED IT FOR MY DAUGHTER. SHE TAKES TO SCHOOL FITS IN HER SCHOOL BAG AND LOVES IT. GREAT PRODUCT!!!! TOTALLY RECOMMEND IT!
computer|Few minor scratches and a lot of thumb prints on the monitor. Power adapter was also bruised but apart form that, wonderful machine. Not too sure about that 5 hrs battery life, seems less.
computer|This is my first Mac and I am very happy with my purchase. The operating system is different but it has been very easy for me to get use to it. Actually, I like better. Now I know why ...&#34;once you go Mac, you don't go back&#34;.
computer|First off the product I own is slightly different, instead of 4gb of ram I have 8gb (a special request add on that costs very little). This is the best laptop I have ever owned, the small size of the laptop was a concern at first but after several months of use I have come to love the small 11.6 inch screen. You hardly notice the small size when using, and the light weight allows for easy transportation and the ability to use on the go. Being a student this is extremely helpful, moving from class to class with a macbook air is much easier then using a chunkier macbook pro. There is very little difference in the performance of the macbook air to the macbook pro, and if you install the extra 4gb of ram like I did this small laptop preforms almost every macbook pro. I highly recommend this product to anyone looking for a portable, reliable laptop.
computer|Others have mentioned this similarly, but the biggest issue with the 11 in Macbook Air is battery life. It's not horrible, but in an age where iPads last for hours and smartphones the entire day, and other computers are boasting longer and longer life, it is a bit of a surprise that you get at most maybe 200 minutes out of the battery. But I had to admit it charges faster than any of the previous devices I mentioned.Other than that, it is simply an awesome machine. It is very sleek, very light, and so thin I usually keep it in the outside pouch of my laptop bag rather than the bag itself, for better security!I purchased after my loyal iMac finally died after 7 years, so it was great to see such power coming from such a smaller source.
computer|I used to own a macbook pro 13.5 inch screen and now my eyes are adjusting to the smaller text on this computer screen. I just have to enlarge everything when using the program. I wish there was a way to to enlarge all the text on all programs without having to mess with the resolution settings.
computer|he absolutely loves it.surpasses what he thought it would do and be.helps him at school and at work.perfect for many uses.
computer|It will not replace my MBP 15&#34;, all right, but for what it is it works wonders. Light, fast (for basic productivity and Internet), with great battery life and OSX. Make sure you learn to use your apps in full-screen mode, at 11&#34; every pixel counts. Would love to see it with Retina display.
computer|I got a brand new computer all wrapped up in the packaging and it works fine. I use it everyday and it has not given me any issues and it was as described brand new.
computer|To me there's really no need of comments and reviews for this amazing laptop. If you don't need top class performances, everything is super: the design, the weight, the performance, the applicability.
computer|everything ok (:It was here at the time and date they told me and the product works perfectly. thanks.
computer|I have been an iFAN since 2008. i bought the first iPhone, an iMac and a Mac Book (white) in my first time I enter in a Apple Store. . . The new MAB is just what I was expecting. . .
computer|With the iMac in the home studio, I needed a portable companion for the office. With most of our files stored on the cloud, a physical drive wasn't necessary for our use. The air was a great addition as we're able to utilize our TB Display for larger viewing. The construction is top notch as one would expect from a mac.My one complaint is I would have liked an sd card slot like in the 13.3 model, but overall very happy.
computer|We support both PCs and Macs, but 95% PCs. We needed an up to date Mac with a small footprint. This model is working great for us when we need to work with our relatively few Mac customers. They fit nicely in the cubicles and of course are mobile.
computer|I recently purchased this laptop for school. I received it within a week(I live outside the US) and had purchased while they were out of stock(very pleased to say the least!) It's sleek but not too fragile and definitely fulfils my expectations. I'm still learning my way around but so far so good.
computer|I absolutely love the MacBook Air and highly recommend it to those interested in lightweight and easy to handle laptops.
computer|I was torn between getting an 11 inch or the 13 inch as a gift for my wife. I currently have a 13 inch 2008 macbook that has been wonderful for the last 4 years. The 13 inch seems to be the perfect size for a laptop, but if using it in bed or just relaxing on the couch, it can be a little much. I ended up going with the 11.6 inch macbook air because of its overall smaller footprint and slightly cheaper. After using the macbook air, I decided to trade in my old 13 inch macbook for a second MBA. Highly recommend it!
computer|My fiancee was so happy when he got his package!!! it came on time :dsatisfied, the packing was safe too
computer|I cannot say enough good things about this marvelous machine. There are a number of excellent features including the light weight and the outstanding bright screen. I really like the feel of the backlit keyboard and the sleek styling of the laptop's case.
computer|After suffering for two whole years as a "PC Person," I finally made the switch to the world of Apple. As a stereotypical poor-college student, I thought those "Mac People" were ridiculous to purchase a laptop for nearly double the price of the one I previously had. But after so many things had gone terribly wrong with my Dell, I decided to make the switch. Let me tell you, it was well worth the investment!The 11-inch MacBook Air seems like it was designed to a T to suit the college lifestyle. It is small, sleek, and incredibly fast. Not to mention, it weights a small fraction of a PC and virtually nothing compared to some of the monstrous textbooks I lug around. It fits perfectly in either a backpack or a small tote. It doesn't heat up and burn my lap as I study, and it definitely does not freeze and crash like my good-old PC. The OS X interface is very user-friendly and comes loaded with applications I use on a day-to-day basis. This laptop is perfect for writing papers, doing homework, browsing the web, and just having fun. Since it is so small and light, I can bring it to class and travel with it with absolute ease. After 6 months of use, I have had no major issues and my only complaint is that the battery life is only roughly 4 hours. Overall, I have been incredibly pleased with this Apple product, and highly recommend it to other college students in need of a laptop-upgrade.
computer|I have a lot of PC computers and laptops, but I bought one just to try it out even though it was a Apple Product. I enjoyed the pad like size with a fold over cover for protection and the solid state hard drive is so fast I bought another one (128 Gig) for my wife who has a Mac 23&#34; all in one. I keep mine on the end table next to my lounge chair for convenience and portability.
computer|This is very good computer. I love very much. This computer can use for personal and business. I always use this.
computer|Buying this lap top online was not only cheaper but it was great. It is just what I wanted to do all my college work and at the same time this don't catch viruses like other laptops do. Once again thank you. Amazon is the best
computer|My first Mac computer purchase and I am very, very pleased. This thing is insanely portable with a decent battery life. The wifi and other hardware work together seamlessly. The machine has frozen a few times (maybe 4 times over the past 5 months) which is nothing compared to other mobile solutions I've tried, and I've tried everything. I am able to be very productive with this computer after a minimum of setup and tweaking. I'm a bit of a tech hacker, so there was no way I was going to use this (or any device) straight out of the box. So, most people probably won't need to even do the initial tweaking I did.I use this as a satellite mobile device, connecting to my tower (running linux) in the office. The tower does all the heavy lifting, this device allows me to work anywhere I have internet. I had to install something that allowed this device to deal with ssh connections to another operating system, but that works flawlessly. (I believe the software was called MacFuse?).The only thing I would really change would be longer battery life, but what "smart" device doesn't need longer battery life?Pros that really stand out:very light weighttouch pad is incrediblecomes with a very long power cord (many devices do not)Noteable Cons:Has accumulated a few dents and scratches, despite being somewhat careful with itSpace under the keys appears to allow a lot of dirt inside the computer body, but this is speculationMountain Lion only: "swiping" between screens/apps is slower than in vanilla Lion; slow enough that it forced me to go back to Lion. I have no idea if this is a problem on macbook air models only, or not.
computer|I switched back to macs after many years of being away and I love it. This little one isn't much bigger or heavier than my iPad. It works faster due to the solid state drive as well. It syncs through icloud with my iPhone too. A good choice for me.
computer|The Air is perfect and everything I expected it to be and more! Try an Apple, and you'll never go back. And Amazon's customer service is impeccable, as usual.
computer|I find the Macbook Air 11" to be the perfect secondary computer. I already have a 27" iMac that is loaded with everything possible. I really just wanted a nice portable laptop to do work away from the house. The MB Air 11" successfully fills that void. I am happy that I chose it over the 13" model. The portability of this model cannot be beat. I had an iPad 3rd gen, but I returned it as ultimately I couldn't be productive on it. If you already have a mac and are deciding between this model or the 13" choose this one. If you are looking at the MB Air to be your primary computer then get the 13", but be prepared to upgrade it. I could careless to upgrade this model as my iMac is loaded. I find 4gb ram and 128gb SSD more than adequate. I also find the battery life to be no problem whatsoever. To me this is the perfect ultraportable.
computer|This is the best computer I have ever bought! It does not have a CD player, which can be a bummer at times, but I never use CDs, therefore it is not that big of a deal. I used to have an Gateway netbook and after less then a year, it crashed. I hated it and wanted something new. I never really tried Mac and my sister's fiance said that I should buy a Mac. So, I did and I do not regret it!
computer|Love the size, ease of use and weight of this laptop. Battery lasts a while also. Just having some issues with transferring files from the old G4 Book to the Air.
computer|I have had most all the smaller laptops and netbooks during the past 5 years. The MBAir...far better than anything available if you travel or just want a compact unit. The sleekest, sexiest box you can buy...period. I have had the 13 inch and like it a lot also. My pref is still the 11 inch. I just traded for this newest version. I previously had the last version, base unit. This newest MBAir seems a bit faster overall, though I only use it for email and internet flight planning for our corporate flight department. One of the needed aviation data groups, Jeppesen, still has not joined the Mac revolution, so if you want to do GPS data card updates via Jeppesen, you need to install Windows on the Bootcamp portion of a Mac. Garmin data will work on Mac, but it runs better on Windows. There are several companies who will trade with you to upgrade. This latest MBAir was traded with Simply Mac store in Jackson,WY. I have previously traded up with PowerMax. Both offer fair trade-in values for your unit. That saves the hassle of return problems or nagging customers via eBay or ? Trade it and you are done.
computer|I was a little hesitant at first about this computer -- I needed to stop carrying my Macbook, remember when we were Ohhh and Ahhh-ing over a 5 pound Ti-book back in 2001, well several generations later the Macbook Pro weighs a ton-- and toting it back and forth from work was about to send me to the chiropractor-- I went into the Apple store several times(which is a feat, because I absolutely hate going into the Apple store) just to pick this little puppy up and get a feel for it -- I needed something almost as small as an iPad, but had the power of a real computer -- I need to do simple audio editing at work(just forget about video, I tried, that dog won't hunt), this fit the bill perfectly --not only can it handle the editing with ease, it's quite zippy -- I also use it a lot for climbing into bed and whipping up a couple of emails, checking Facebook ... Amazon ordering and general internet surfing capabilities-- there's nothing worse then climbing into bed and having to lift the brick of a Macbook, then when you're finished with it you need to treat your lap for third degree burns because it gets so hot...I have to say this is one of my best purchases of the year, I'm as happy as a clam -- my girlfriend liked mine so much she got one too -- so now our most adorable little computers can sit in the corner and canoodle too :D.. I think most people would enjoy this as a second computer, I ended up buying a Mac Mini a few months later -- so now I have a dedicated desktop computer and my little tote around that I throw in my bag and go with - no regrets here, occasionally I wish I had the larger HD, because 64GB isn't much -- but neither is 128GB, so just get an external drive and call it a day --
computer|Awesome laptop, very fast, great size and wait for portability. My daughter will not be separated from this laptop. I have yet to hook up the wireless printer I bought but have no worries since I have no complaints with our Apple products
computer|I'm am an avid apple and amazon shopper and I only leave reviews when I feel necessary. I ordered the macbook air and received it just fine but the screen is awful. It has a yellow tint to it and it reminds me of a PC laptop I had from 6 years ago. Side by side with my 13 inch macbook pro screen and its almost a joke. At $1100 I would expect more. I am a huge apple person and by every new product they come out with so I was really bummed about this. I ordered a replacement which arrives today and I am hoping mine was just a defective one, though a lot of forums online have been complaints about a yellow tint screen and a known and common defect. Will compare side by side and if the new one is just as bad then I'll be sending both back and sticking with my macbook pro.Anyone else have these screen issues?
computer|DO NOT BUY.I bought this on Dec 28, I returned it on Jan 3rd. In the 5 days I had this, several times it did not connect to the Wifi. Clicking the reconnect, did not do the trick. After few hours, it magically connects.Apparently, this is a known issue on the MBA for the past couple years. The Wifi antenna design on the MBA is the cause of this. Check out this link on the apple forum [...]There are some homegrown solutions by changing the settings on the wireless router to get this to work. But, you cant keep changing the router settings where ever you travel. I had 5 other apple products connect to the same router without any issues. Bottom line, this is a POS. DO NOT BUY. Save your money.
computer|I have bought 3 Mac Books in 4 years for my personal use.The first Mac Book had a screen problema and it had to be replacedThe second a Mac Book Pro and third a Mac Book Air had tons of problems.Apple never changes the computer and you will repair it forever until you realice this is trash,Both of these where lemon computers......Have 2 computers since one is always in repair.Apple does not notify customers of manufacturers defects. If you get a lemon (I have two thirds of my Macs), you have to send it in for repairs several times before they will replace it, even if they have numerous problems with the same version of their computers. Their repair people sometimes keep a computer for many weeks, before returning it..I've been a faithful Apple Mac customer, but have decided never to buy one again..Apple does not honor the warranty
computer|The battery lasts a maximum of 2 hours and I am not streaming videos, listening to music or doing any graphic design.It's also painfully slow and continuously drops off the wireless network. Really disappointed. Coming from a Macbook Pro, I wanted something lighter but this computer is junk.
computer|I have previously reviewed and 5 stared my Apple laptop. I cannot find that review to amend it; thus, I am putting this review in. I have written many reviews, but Amazon does not let me search my own reviews by subject to find the review to update it, so I am stuck. I have owned my Apple Macbook Air for a little less than 2 years.My most significant complaint is the exceptionally poor customer service. Even a slight problem can result in infuriating hassles trying to reach Apple or otherwise solve the glitches on line. APPLE GOES TO GREAT LENGTHS TO PREVENT YOU FROM REACHING A HUMAN. Worse, the on line "solutions" are ridiculous, failing to solve even the most common problems. My closest Apple store is in Reno, Nevada about 50 miles away; however, you cannot reach a person at the store by phone. You only get a recording giving directions to the store. This is a specialized Apple Store, not a secondary retailer like Best Buy. Another complete block to human contact.The machine itself runs decently, has few virus problems, and the display is very good. However, it DOES suffer from slowdowns over time. When I first bought my Apple laptop it came on and ran instantly - and I mean instantly. Now it takes up to a minute or more to start up. I am having a similar experience with my desktop machine, although the start up for the desktop was never close to instant.Why it is running slower and slower is hard to say. Virus scans and multiple runs of Apple Disk Doctor and disk verifications here at home turn up nothing. I have also erased data on and highly restricted access to Flash programs, among other things. I have updated the operating system with each new update: from Snow Leopard, to Lion, to Mountain Lion. The hard drives on my machines are less than 10 percent full. I can only report that the performance of these machines deteriorates significantly over time.The mere fact that Apple blocks access to human beings is enough to downgrade my rating significantly. The real problem is the people running Apple, they simply have no customer awareness. In addition, the free support for their machine is short and I have found the owners of the local Apple stores an unforgiving lot - even when you purchased the machine from them.The next problem is the availability of programs, and the functioning of programs that are offered. The number of excellent programs available for PC platforms is amazing. They dwarf the number of programs existing for Apple. This especially true in games. The number of first-rate games obtainable for the PC platform is at least double the availability for Apple. In addition, many of the programs that are available for Apple from outside vendors run poorly. One example of this is the Dragon speech dictation program, which runs very poorly on Apple but very well on PC platforms. There are literally dozens of other examples. Read the software reviews here on Amazon.Another complaint is the worthless Apple keyboard. I have arthritis and using the keyboard is difficult. Aftermarket keyboards do work; however, Apple has several specialized keys not duplicated on aftermarket keyboards. These same keyboards, although excellent in design, exhibit odd anomalies commonly associated with all aftermarket non-Apple products. Of course, "fixing" a laptop keyboard isn't possible. One can plug in another keyboard but that harms the portability of the machine, a key reason to buy a laptop. When I say the keyboard is bad I mean worthless. The keyboard on the machine is nearly unusable for me because of my arthritis. I use an Adesso curved keyboard on my desktop and it works pretty well.After years of experience with an Apple laptop (and desktop), I cannot recommend Apple. The actual computer itself, and the display, are above standard, and at the price charged they should be; however, everything else is below acceptable standards. For all the virus problems with PC machines, and the necessity to "clear out" the junk accumulating within the programs over time, the PCs run just as fast, cost much less money to buy, have far far more programs available for them, run after market add-ons like keyboards, game controllers, et al, without a glitch, and new programs, products, and games coming out are all written for the PC Platform, not the Apple.And yes I have read all the glowing reviews. I wrote one of them myself after owning the laptop for about six months and I was dumb enough to buy a desktop about a year later; however, time has changed my mind. I am buying my wife a new computer for Christmas, and it will be a PC based platform. She has used PCs for years, and even after my glowing reviews of Apple and my second purchase she would not abandon her old old PC. Guess what? She was right. For all its "problems" the PC platform, and the companies selling the PC platform, have a strong customer orientation that Apple does not have. If you want a company to put YOU first and a machine that runs everything out there, buy a PC.AD2
computer|Never got the upgrade promissed to the new operating system as advertised computer good but would like upgrade advertised for product
computer|my macbook air already got scratched from inside the box and i hate stuff with scratches, but it works just fine
computer|I have used Macair with windows 7 dedicately for last 2.5 years, so this review is mostly for ones who do want to run windows 8 on bootcamp....I have liked my macair very much, its certainly the best and lighest hardware in market then...after usinh mac os for 6 months i got bored and bootcamped windows 7....and voilla its my all time computer....had 3 years warranty and had several issues in 3rd year and apple fixed them all upto my greatest satisfacton....I was just waiting for this to launched as I wanted to use USB3 port so to boot "windows to GO" directly from USB and no need to bootcamp, other than that with latest mac os and windows 8 both gave a way to airplay and widi (I assumed)...After placing this order ifixit teardown macair and i noticed it uses brodconn wireless not intel one so its not widi compitable...damn that's important as i have 2 appletv and 1 netgear ptv2000 for airplay/widi and i love screen sharing with widi on windows...after some research to my surprise there are lots of new windows ultrabook coming competing macair weight and sturdiness, like gigabyte x11, acer s7, Asus Zenbook Prime UX21A, sony Viao z...acer s7 and acer zenbook are both 11" and has touch screen showing windows 8, after using my acer w500 tablet with windows 8 RP and using touch apps, i would prefer touch scren anyday with perfect keyboard and a retina display(lol, 1080p screen after all)....another benefit is all these ultralightweight laptops are widi compatible which is way mature tech than airplay.I am going to cancel my order now as Asus Zenbook Prime UX31A is available tomorrow (13" version), and expecting Asus Zenbook Prime UX21A by end of june, hoping touch screen option is available as well, that would be like complete deal for next couple of years, especially the model comes with 1 year of accidental guarantee and 2 year of warranty as default....macair has much better SSD speed though, i am happhy with my macair 2009 HD, so new model will certainly please me....Had macair choose intel wifi card for widi in bootcamp windows, I would certainly kept this, but for todays world where a better option available in terms of widi/1080p/touch screen will go with acer.....Buy macair I loved you for so long its hard to return you, but I had to make this decision....I will certainly miss apple support though....I have new ipad and I am loving it much more than windows 8 at this point....bust mostly because of airplay/LTE (otherwise I have ipad 1 as well) ....and I hope new windows 8 tablets with widi and 4G will bring some good competition (which not even one available for sale at this point).....This is certainly a surprise for me that windows got some nice competition on ultrabook area....Having said that if u are a macos user and looking for lightest and smallest travel companion....just go for it
computer|I bought this laptop just several days ago to take note in class. The price of this macbook air is better than that in apple store. It works pretty good at first. However, the charger doesn't work this mooring, which is really disappointing!
computer|I have the previous version of this computer, a 128Gb drive, 2gb ram. I've had it over a year and a half, which is a miracle for me. I have had many many different laptops, and this is the only one I don't want to replace. I recently tried a Lenovo Yoga, thought maybe I'd give up the Air and go with Win8 touchscreen, but I returned it. Instead I installed Windows 8 on my MacBook Air, and now I use it as my work machine, fantastic for travelling. Even at over a year and half old, I still get at least 4 hours on the battery, whether running Windows or OSX. Just a week ago I watched a full 3 hour movie (using Windows) on a flight, and still had battery left. Its fast, light and the perfect size for me. I bought an iPad once, thinking I'd use it, but the MacBook Air is just so light and convenient I never use the iPad. I prefer Windows operating system over OSX, but I love the MacBook Air hardware. Its the best of both worlds for me to have the Air with Windows 8. I highly recommend the MacBook Air and would buy another in a heartbeat, if this one ever dies!!
computer|I could not be more pleased with a laptop! I absolutely love my Apple Macbook Air...so lightweight, which means so much, in itself, for me! It is the best! I love the added feature of the lit keyboard, too! Easy to use and perfect in every way!! My hubby got this for me. You cannot go wrong if you want to get a perfect gift...this is perfect! :)
computer|I purchased this item and upon receiving it I noticed that the external plastic lining was taped shut, as signs that it had been opened before. I just thought it might be some quality control that might have opened the package and didn't think much about it. I then started setting up the software on the computer and when I tried to install iLife it gave me a message saying that the program had already been used by another apple ID. I then called Apple to try to figure out the situation and they told me that the computer had previously been registered by another user. I returned the computer and with that also lost one of the licenses for the mac office which I had installed on the computer prior to realizing all that.
computer|I have the 13 inch MacBook Pro which is a little bulky for travel. I got the MBA for this purpose, restored my MBP data into it with one key-stroke, and now it does everything my older machine does (except read DVD's and SD cards without a USB device--not a big deal)
computer|I was considering an Ipad and also an Asus Transformer TF700T. I also wanted a real keyboard and decided to look at this 11&#34; Macbook Air. It is more expensive than the other alternatives, but for me it is a lot more useful. It is small and light enough to be truly portable. Also bought a sleeve to protect the laptop when I leave the house with it.
computer|Tim Cook has recently stated that Apple is not a hardware company. That is unfortunate.I have been a Windows guy for 20 years or so. I bought this computer to expand my expertise. I support some personnel who use a lot of Apple products. I have used this device for about a month now. It is very nice piece of hardware. You just want to touch it.
computer|I went from a 13" MacBook Pro to an 11" MacBook Air and was a bit hesitant to give up the bigger screen, disk drive and the such, but I can surely tell you that after almost 2 years of ownership, I would not switch back. The MacBook Air is incredibly fast and efficient. The portability of this laptop is superb. Literally throw it in a manilla envelope and call it a day. I have adjusted to life without a Disk Drive; purchasing a SuperDrive from Apple will cure the problem. This little laptop is really durable, as I have a tendency to drop it from time to time. The speakers however, are the only downside I've found. With the volume all the way turned up, it sounds mediocre at best. Laptop is fast, efficient and fun. Would recommend to anyone looking for a small portable secondary laptop. It has served me well.
computer|I am writing this review on my iPad because, as usual, my MacBook Air will not connect to the Internet (a known issue with the Lion OS). Then there are the keys that constantly come off -- by design! Yes, easy enough fix (unless you have poor vision and arthritis as I do), but why should I have to do this on a weekly basis for an $1100 &#34;high-end&#34; lap top? Finally, that famous battery life? Haven't seen it. Another known issue with Lion OS. Reportedly there are fixes for the battery and Internet issues, but for this to be a common problem for such an expensive &#34;net book&#34; (really, that is what the memory and processor amount to), leaves me with no choice but to give it two stars.
computer|dont even know what to say except i LOVE it perfect size very portable and easy to use so glad i made this purchase
computer|Although I think I will enjoy the computer, I had to pay to get the computer reset to get the old password. I never received response to an email to Tech Fill on how to by pass the old password. I needed to install some software and of course could not without a valid apple i.d. and password. My apple i.d.and password was unaccepted
computer|very light, the lit keyboard is a plus. we debated between buying the Ipad and this small macbook air. so far we like having a full blown computer that is very light, rather than a pad with a limited storage.
computer|I was travelling a lot and was under a lot of stress while using this, so dropped it twice from about 15 inches, and still working just fine.The solid harddisk makes turn ons and offs a matter of seconds, and short of really cpu-heavy apps like huge games or imaging software, this little thing handles everything just fine.
computer|I bought this for my wife for Christmas as I already have the 13&#34; version and absolutely love the portability and power packed into this beautiful computer. If you're debating whether the pro is a better buy simply because it has a dvd drive, don't think twice before buying the Air. I've needed a disc drive once in the past year, and there was an online workaround that enabled me to get the software I thought I would need the disc drive to obtain. This is a great little machine!
computer|This Mac is perfect for me as a 2nd computer at home and for travel. For one reason, when I come home I don't have the temptation to jump back into work as I mainly use this Mac for quick emails, reading and writing blogs. It's almost like having an iPad with an attached keyboard. The iPad is perfect for just consuming content, though this 11&#34; Mac adds the benefit of being able to easily type out content.
computer|Arrived right on time and my wife loves it perfect size for her would definitely refer it to friends and a great but for the buck
computer|I was born and bred on Mac Computers. What's there not to like about a Mac? It's stylish, fast, and extremely dependable. I decided on the MacBook Air after months of typing using one finger on a small smartphone screen. I needed something where I could actually use 2 hands instead of one finger to type with. My past experiences with Mac Computers is 5 star all the way.I've had e-macs, iMacs, MacBook Pro, and iPhone, and now my newest prize the MacBook Air. It's fast, easy to use, very light weight, and all around wonderful! I highly recommend the MacBook Air for anyone who desires a nice size screen without all the weight, and the MacBook Air is very stable and dependable.
computer|Everything's so good and it delivered so fast! It's not heavy and very easy to take in any bag.I like it very much and I would like to recommend it to all may friends!!
computer|I'm writing this review on the computer.Portability: The computer is VERY light, it feels as light as an iPad 2. The size is 11' which seems perfect for a PORTABLE computer. This has to be a computer for a guy/girl who is constantly on the move but needs a laptop to stay productive for those moments when the iPad just doesn't cut it.Aesthetics: Aluminum interior/exterior. I also own a 2012 XPS 14z and I have to say, compared to my other computer, there is a no contest, although it looks nice as well the aluminum makes it look sturdy and elegant. I have to make an emphasis on this, the feel this machine has is just great. As for aesthetics you will definitely feel you've goten your money's worth.Battery Life: It really depends on what you use, but don't expect a 5 hour battery life right of the get go. You really have to configure some settings in your computer to get the most battery life out of it. Which would mean, no wifi, no bluetooth, very dim keyboard, very dim screen, to get those 5 hours they advertise. But with all things open it's probably going to last about 3 hours or so.Keyboard Size: Its perfect. It doesn't feel small at all, which is thought it would be.Screen Size: As stated previously, this is the perfect size for a PORTABLE laptopHardware: I have to admit, for this kind of money you can definitely get a computer with better specs. (8gb ram, 750 gb HD, better speakers, etc..) BUT, as I stated before, it wont have that &#34;feel&#34;, the exterior quality this computer has. I really dont recommend getting a computer with less than 4 gb ram. After I saw a MBA 2011 2gb ram on sale for 699, I was seriously considering on getting it but, once you would've done the upgrade to mountain lion you would've felt a significantly lower performance. And mountain lion has airplay, which is just an amazing feature.Up until now, the computer stars with a baseline ram 1.87 approx., but it can well get up to 3.50 depending on the amount of programs/tabs you are running. This would means you are a little bit tight on that department so if you are not planning on changing the computer in 2 years, you might want to consider a 8gb ram macbook air computer. The computer does get MILDLY hot but it isn't a deal breaker.Performance: The computer seems pretty fast, but please consider I plan to use this computer mainly for web surf and light work. If you plan on doing any serious editing you might come into a slower performing computer.Conclusion: If you are the kind of person who wants a PORTABLE computer, that is super thin, weights almost nothing and plan on doing light college work (I mean, no image editing, running MANY programs at the same time), surf the internet, then this is the computer for you! If you plan on doing more serious work you might want to consider an 8 gb ram MBA. Just to be on the safer side and you wont notice any underperformance issues.
computer|great product and great Value for money. Cant wait for my next purchase from apple. Got just what I wanted.
computer|This computer is fast, light weight, and has everything you need for college students. I would recommend it to anyone.
computer|I had a 2009 15inch macbook pro. I am an avid traveler and web developer. I need to travel with my computer because I need to work from remote places.I had been carrying my 15 macbook pro in my back pack and it is jus like carrying a BRICK. I needed something smaller and lighter to take on my travels.I was debating between the 13 retina and the 11 macbook air. I had made up my mind about the retina because the screen looks just soooo nice, but in the back of my mind I knew I needed something really portable and the 11 inch MBA offered me that.THEN best buy and Amazon discounted $200 off from the MBA and my descicion was made. I picked up the 128GB 11 MBA for 899.99. I thought it was a great deal. I ended up just getting the BASIC model without any upgrades because I do mostly web browsing, code development and light imge editing, all for which I do not need heavy processing power.I have been using this computer and I love the small size and weight. The only CONS that I see are the smaller font sizes and the shorter battery life but I traded those 2 things for PORTABILITY.I am VERY HAPPY with my buy. I would recommend it if you are looking for something very portable and if you will not be doing HEAVY media editing like high def videos and super huge resolution imagery. (This is just my opinion, I have not tested this computer on such high processor activities, it may very well perform really well, its up to you. I would get something more robust for such tasks)
computer|I already have MacBook Pro but got this so I cold carry it around plus it was on sale for $799 @ best buy. It is very easy to set up especially if you already have another apple computer. All the bookmarks were transferred automatically. And apple customer service if u need is excellent. Just be carefull because the firewall is not automatically turned on, so make sure to turn it on.
computer|Lets face it. I am very critical when it comes to tech products and I am a very picky user. (I am writing this review under my brothers account for convenience) I saved my pennies for this bad boy. I will admit though, I actually bought mine through the apple store. I got the version with the upgraded 2.0Ghz processor that turbo boosts to 3.2 and the upgraded 8GB of ram. Worth every penny. I will be using this computer for intensive autocad programs and I will also be running video conversions and editing a lot with it. Its my way of making money on the side. I honestly just completely converted a video file of 3.64GB to a different video and audio codec in minutes. It is blazing in the speed department. I bought it for the portability, I thought about the 13 but sided with this because it was a few bucks cheaper and I can honestly just plug into my TV for a display whenever I want to.Performance: I counted boot times roughly at 10 sec, video conversion times of minutes, instant load speeds, flawless app performance, and for giggles I can run minecraft with a low average of 40-50fps on high high settings. Turn the settings to medium and I was over 100fps.Pros: Size, ease of use, raw power, user interface, screen resolution, full screen apps,connectivity, easy to learn to switch from PCCons: Apples exspensive peripherals, battery life.Don't let the cons dissuade you from the purchase though. The battery life can still be made awesome by turning down your brightness and turning of the keyboard backlight, I don't really need the backlight anyway as I have the keyboard memorized. As for apples peripherals, buy stuff from amazon and don't buy apple brand, problem solved.One last thing, for anyone saying that it gets to hot or it burns the lap, or overheats. Its 99.99% user error. The cooling vent is in the back where the hinge is, if you block it then it cant breath. For super intense processes I put it on an ihome cooling pad (the little fans you can buy to put your computer on) it was like 10 bucks and my computer barely gets warm because it breathes so well.
computer|This blows my expectations for an 11 inch laptop away! I have this lil guy powering my 27 inch Cinema Display, with Safari, Mail, iTunes, and a movie playing and it doesn't even flinch. The performance is snappy and responsive, it boots in around 13 seconds, and the build quality is, well, it's Apple, so that means you're getting a very high quality piece of equipment. I have also played Portal 2, Half-Life 2, and a few other games, and surprisingly the Air does very well with them. I mean grant it, this isn't a gaming laptop by any means, but it's still a good indicator at just how powerful the new Ivy Bridge processors are.I suppose the only drawback would be the lack of battery life, which is still great in the realm of laptops this size. However, 4-5 hours is definitely using it lightly I've mainly been seeing 3 hours. So all in all, not too bad, but definitely don't leave home without the charger - which isn't big at all considering you can add/remove an extension cable provided.TLDR version : it's an amazing, fast, and very well-built laptop for those of us wanting ultra-portability. Definitely don't hesitate if you're wanting this, it doesn't disappoint.
computer|Let me start off by saying that I am a PC user and this is my first MAC. I have a self-built Tower that handles all my power-computing demands, such as gaming and fast rendering. What I expected to require from this purchase was portability, battery life, and stream-lined approach. It is safe to say that I got all those things from purchasing this Macbook Air. I purchased the cheapest model available (64gb) Like I mentioned before, I use it for nothing but schoolwork and occasionally browsing the web. Most of you know by now that this is a very slim and sleek laptop (hence the name AIR). It delivers on that aspect and also has great battery life (dramatically increased by lowering screen and keyboard brightness.)I tried to omit any commentary on the operating system, but as a first time MAC user, I find it hard to do so. It is very easy to use. As a portable machine, the gestures and the layout are extremely satisfying. (Pinch to zoom, two finger scrolling, 3 finger application switching all help make this machine that much more productive.) The touchpad is unrivaled by any Windows laptop I've ever used. It is a glass surface and makes sliding your finger across it quite a breeze.The screen is very sharp for a laptop of it's size, and it seems to handle the basic tasks needed for a student with relative ease. You will notice no lag or slow-down from having multiple applications open, as well as doing tabbed browsing. The keyboard seems to be full-sized, but does not have enough depth for my taste. Also, the location of the enter and delete key(backspace) seem a little bit off (I find myself hitting the + button instead of backspace on several occasions. The computer boots in seconds, never timed it, but I would have to guess maybe 13 seconds and turns off even quicker (maybe 5 seconds.)If you are using this laptop the way that I am, as a secondary computer for mostly schoolwork, you will definitely be pleased. If you are looking for a power computer, than I think your in the wrong place. (This thing is about as thin as my iphone.) The MBA feels really great and not cheap whatsoever (it better be for nearly $1000) It never gets hot, and I think this has to do with the great placement of the fan which is where the screen and bottom portion of the laptop connect, on the backside. This makes it a more &#34;lap-friendly&#34; laptop then most of it's bottom-cooled counterparts. Overall, I really recommend this laptop for students or people using for business and travel purposes. Even the charger is small and really sleek, instead of the huge power-bricks included with most laptops. The charger brings it from 10% charge to 100% within a matter of an hour, so its ready to go very soon.The only reason I took off the one star is that it is very expensive in my opinion. Even though the build quality is unrivaled, I would recommend that apple charge no more than $700 or $750 for this laptop. Not only would they get more customers, but they would truly be a bargain among other ultra-portable computers. As compared to the 13-inch version, I was pondering between the two, but going for portability, I realized that I had nothing to gain from the 13-inch. It is quite big compared to this model, offers no more keyboard and touchpad space, and has a bigger charger. Go for the cheapest one in my opinion. I have no experience with apple care for this laptop, although I can vouch for them being great with my iphone problems. The iphone is actually the device that led me to even try MAC. I am not disappointed whatsoever, and can't help but recommend this to anyone who is in search of a small-portable laptop. (For the ladies, this can easily fit into a medium-sized pocketbook and is about the size of an ipad, but with full-functionality of a laptop.)
computer|I bought this MacBook instead of an iPad because, for it's price, you cannot beat its functionality. My only gripe is that it can run a little hot unlike the previous 11 inch model. I would recommend getting 128 GB as 64GB is kind of small, considering that a large chunk of it is already taken up by the operating system. I much prefer this over iPad because you do not have to sacrifice computing power or performance, but it is almost as light as an iPad. The keyboard and trackpad are built in, so you do not have to buy a Bluetooth accessory for this. The screen is excellent, you get stereo speakers, and a long battery life. I spent a lot of time preparing an iPad to the MacBook air, and for my use as a student and MacBook air is a much better deal even though I already own an older white MacBook 13 inch. The air is just more portable and much faster. I really like that it has instant on and almost no boot time. It is honestly exactly what I need and I really enjoyed USB 3.0. This thing is fast and it is superlight, you really do not feel it in your backpack very much compared to a larger laptop. I do not have to worry about bumping it around because it has solid-state drives. I would not recommend this as your primary computer as the screen can get a little small for some small website text. Sometimes if I am comparison-shopping online, I like to have multiple windows open and there is less real estate on the screen to work with on at 11 inch screen. Also with its smaller Storage capacity, your drive will fill up very quickly if you store music, photos, and back up your iPhone with a lot of large games. This thing is excellent even for computing while you are in bed. Unlike an iPad, this thing can stand on its own and does not require any weird cases. The hinge opens up wide enough that you can easily set it on your lap or stomach.
computer|Excellent product with advanced features. Very good keyboard and screen. To be eligible to upgrade the OS Mountain Lion, I had to find the invoice and trigger Aplle associating the serial Number. I found this a negative point, it should be automatically released and should appear on the invoice.
computer|I love Apple products. I've had iPod Touch (4th Gen) and iPod Shuffle, and they were great. I was also loving my Macbook Air until it broke down three months after I bought it. It suddenly died when the mainboard burned. This was really unexpected, since the most I do with my computer is watching YouTube videos and some typing. Now it has been 8 months, and it makes weird buzzing/scratchy noises when I play audio/video. They replaced my speakers, but it still is not fixed. I'm a very careful user (it does not have any scratches, and I never dropped it).
computer|I've never owned a MAC before so this was my first venture into the world of Apple. And I'm really glad I let this be my first try! This notebook is light (exactly what I wanted), small but with a very bright screen, FAST and easy to work with---and again, I've never used a MAC before. Read a little while you're working with the computer and you'll learn what to do quickly. I've read some lesser reviews on the battery life of this but I've found it to be more than adequate. I guess it depends on what you're buying the laptop for. I wanted something that was small enough and light enough that I could travel with it easier. If I'm surfing the net, etc., the battery will last about 5+ or so hours--most of the day and night. If I'm facetiming the time goes down but only slightly. If I watch a movie--which I have done without plugging it in--I can watch the entire movie and still have battery time left, but not a lot.There isn't a lot of hard drive storage (I got 32 GB) but I also purchased a thumb drive for extra storage--which I haven't needed. It will depend on what you're using the laptop for. I do keep it on all day, but closed, and I'm not doing a lot of file saving on this. It's for travel. Movie quality from Amazon instant videos was excellent.I first gave this a 5-star rating but lowered it to 4 stars only because of the following: The plug. My husbands Ipad has a great little plug that takes up little room, with an outlet tip that slides on and off to use either with his computer or the outlet. THIS plug is huge and bulky and won't fit in the case I bought for the laptop. Why Apple chose to make a plug like this when they could have made it as small as the Ipad plug I don't know. But, first you have a very thick plug with a smaller plug that juts out of the larger one. Now, you can take the smaller plug off the large one for travel, but why did they bother with such a cumbersome plug to begin with?Other than that, I love this laptop. I have to say, it also has a coolness factor that's pretty fun. When we go out, my husband doesn't get any kudos for his Ipad, but I get all kinds of comments on the macbook air.
computer|EASE OF SETUP AND INSTALLATION. APPLE TECH SUPPORT TROUNCES WINDOWS SUPPORT. MAC BEATS WINDOWS EVERY TIME. I HAVE 5 MACS, AND THE 2 WINDOWS COMPUTERS ARE GOING INTO THE TRASH.
computer|Other reviews have done a great job describing the Air's features; this review is meant primarily for people who need an extremely portable computer and are trying to decide whether to go the iPad route or the MacBook Air route. I have both, and vote enthusiastically for the Air if your purpose is to do create documents/spreadsheets/images rather than read/watch them. Of course it's true that Apple has never claimed the iPad can replace a computer. But the iPad is a pretty cool thing, and it can do so much (for a tablet) that many people are tempted to rely on it for more. Don't get me wrong, I love my iPad (if you're an iPad fanboy or fangirl, I'm one with you in spirit, I promise). I am also a complete geek who loves running around like someone from Star Trek with a cute little tablet that talks (I've named mine Majel, THAT is how geeky I am). However, the fact is that my need for a full-service computer doesn't go away when I happen to be moving from Point A to Point B. The iPad is a joy and a treasure, but isn't designed for full-service computing. The Air is designed for full-service computing, and it delivers (wow, does it ever). It genuinely fulfills the promise of being a computer that you can hold in the palm of your hand.The Air is more expensive, and while it is extremely small, sleek, and cool-looking, it maybe doesn't have *quite* the same the "wow! I'm in Star Trek!" feel as the iPad. So for anyone tempted to go for the prettiest toy at the fair, I'm going to suggest two reasons why -- at least for the next couple of years -- you should go for the ultraportable Air rather than the ultra-adorable iPad (IF you're writing/calculating/making rather than just reading/watching).The first reason to go with the Air is that it supports multi-tasking. I'm not a programmer, and don't have the foggiest idea how this is handled technically, but on the Air you can open up a Word document and an Excel spreadsheet and a Kindle book and have them open side by side when you write something. You can't do that on an iPad. I never realized how much I rely on having several sources of information open at once until I couldn't do it anymore. On the iPad it's also harder just to open the same document from a couple of different programs. The iPad doesn't give you direct access to your file system, so you always have to open documents from within programs. That's cumbersome, particularly since and each of them has a different interface for, say, opening and saving files to your Dropbox account.The second reason to go with the Air (in my opinion) is software. On the Air you can run the same full-featured software that you use on any other computer. On the iPad you can (as of mid-October 2012) run smaller versions of these programs. There's a lot of talk about how cool the apps are for the iPad, and yes, some of them are so cool that an uncool person like myself needs a waiver from the Census Bureau even to look at them. But to get work done, both cool people like you and uncool people like me need the unglamorous workhorses of the software world: word processing programs for just about everyone, and (for some) spreadsheets, heavy-duty image editors, and database programs. On the iPad you can, as I said, get *versions* of these programs (or lighter alternatives to them). And they certainly *look* sharp on that high-res iPad screen. But they are, in terms of the feature set, about five to seven years behind their full-featured older siblings. This can either have no impact on you at all (if you don't use too many features of these programs anyway) or be a complete dealbreaker when some advanced feature you've come to rely on for your workflow is suddenly unavailable for any price.Will this change in the future? Probably! But as things stand now, you can do a lot more with the Air, and do it more easily. If you've used another Apple (MacBook Pro, iMac, whatever) you know how to use this one. And with the Air you will make exactly zero sacrifices to do your computing on something that weighs two and half pounds, that causes other people to stare at you enviously, and that can, like the iPad, be entirely concealed when sat on by a reasonably-sized cat.One final note: the iPad has the edge on battery life (ten hours to the Air's five). On the other hand the Air's battery life is, as other reviewers have noted, still very respectable, and it can be increased if you turn down the keyboard illumination (not just the screen brightness, though that helps too). My Air came with keyboard illumination set on maximum. You can turn yours down/off by hitting F5 repeatedly.
computer|First I want to state why I purchased the macbook air. I actually wanted to purchase a new netbook although after comparing the newest models (Acer Aspire One / MSI wind which is only sold in Asia) I found that they felt like a cheap product. I had a Samsung N110 a few years back and that was a really well made computer. The newest netbooks are inferior to my old Samsung (which I have sold to a friend.) I looked at the ultra books and the macbook air. I don't know why anyone would purchase an ultrabook over the macbook air as the air is a much nicer piece of machinery. Granted it does not have a touchscreen yet but it uses the same processor, memory and SSD. The Air comes with OS X 10.8 which I personally like better than Windows 8. I guess that is a matter of personal preference. I also purchased the air as I wanted to use it as a book reader. I do have a tablet although I wanted something that could do everything. The air weighs a little over 2 pounds so it is really easy to use as a book reader. For those of you that have one, go into System Preferences and hold both option/command and click display. You can now change the display so you can read it just like a tablet with the screen turned 270 degrees. I also like to read it in Black and White as I find it easier on the eyes. Go into System Preferences and click Accessibility. Now check "Use Greyscale" and the screen will switch to Black and White. I have noticed that the battery lasts significantly longer and I believe you might be able to get 7-8 hours on a lower brightness setting using these parameters. Amazon is $65.00 cheaper than Apple.com and Amazon doesn't charge sales tax for the state of NJ. That is almost a $150.00 difference than if you buy it directly at an Apple store or Apple.com.UPDATE: If you use the 11 inch MacBook Air with Black and White settings, you should expect 8-9 hours total with a medium brightness. That should be perfect if you have an international flight and you want to read a book or two. Just a cool trick to really get the most out of this computer.I picked the 11 inch over the 13 inch strictly for portability. I went to the apple store and used both side by side and found that the 11 inch was more suitable for me. If you use the 13 inch as a book reader, it may be a bit uncomfortable as it is heavier and obviously larger. I personally feel that if you want the 13 inch Macbook Air and you will not be traveling with it often, then you might as well purchase the 13 inch Macbook Pro which is priced in a similar price range. No matter which computer you buy, these are some of the best laptops that Apple has ever produced.After using this extensively for the past few days, I haven't found ANYTHING that I dislike about this item. The sound is adequate, graphics are suitable for light gaming, SSD is quiet and quick, display is bright but not bright enough to overuse the battery and the battery is adequate (although if they were able to add in a bigger battery without changing the weight I probably would be a little happier.)If you decide to try to use this as a book reader, I might suggest using the kindle application as I found it is the easier for highlight and annotating. If someone else has found a better application, please let me know through the comments section as I would be interested in that as well. I also purchased the "Incase Sling Sleeve for MacBook Air 11-Inch - Black (CL57828)" which is perfectly suitable for this computer as it is a very compact case. The price is fair although there are cheaper alternatives available. I went to target a few days ago and noticed that there were several other brands that had smaller bags that looked like they were for ultrabooks, netbooks and the macbook air. The price was similar to the incase bag so again I guess it would depend on personal preferences.
computer|I have been a Mac laptop user for over ten years. I live in a big city and do a lot of traveling, so a light laptop with strong battery life is a must.Over the past year or so I have looked at these MBAs and had been a little bit hesitant to buy one because of the price. Yesterday, I bought one because my iPad 2 wasn't a sufficient laptop replacement. I am very happy with the specs, including the portability factor.It's very fast. Despite the limited flash drive space, I own a Time Capsule, so I have immediate access to all of my files at home. While on the road there is the iCloud service, which stores everything I need (music, apps, photos, documents) online.So, if you enjoy the OS X experience and want to get a fully functioning portable laptop, you've got a winner in the MBA 11" model.
computer|I would recommend this laptop to anyone who wants a comfortable, portable, sturdy daily use laptop; to anyone who needs a light travel laptop; to anyone who wants to move their work location to a coffee shop or bookstore or library; to anyone who does a bit more than just surf the same internet sites. I would not recommend this for someone who is looking for a gaming laptop or requires any amount of gaming processing.I bought this laptop for daily computing needs, internet use, email, photos, and some light programming design and coursework and it works great. It is by far the most comfortable and portable laptop I have ever owned. My girlfriend has the new iPad and this feels slightly more heavy and is far more functional for creativity purposes (I tend to think of the iPad's, even at full size, as great for browsing and consuming content but less about creating content).I was concerned about the screen size and the keyboard size. The keyboard is perfect and very easy to use. The screen is not too small and with modern Safari and Chrome extensions text that initially displays as small - such as an article on a large-formatted website - becomes very easy to read.Be forewarned that this computer cannot handle heavy gaming - it's beautifully compact and light design (yet sturdy-feeling, as most all Apple products) does not have an exhaust fan or high functioning graphics chip. Movies and trailers play wonderfully, but gaming that requires a minimum of the MBA's specs will trigger the processor fan to be on constantly, resulting in troubling sound emanating from the computer. For example, I have read that other people could play Diablo III on their MBA and I would not recommend it, even on altered (not default) lower settings (for video and the like).That being said, I find that the use of the MBA is extremely pleasant and comfortable.I bought the 11&#34; model and, as I stated, found the screen not to be too small - I actually feel it is perfect and increases the portability over the 13&#34; model. I would, as most other users do, recommend buying at least the 128GB model since content these days takes up so much room on its own - you could easily subsidize with cloud-based storage (which I do, but I also integrate a local copy so that I can work on cloud content when not connected to the internet) - but I think I have already met or exceeded 64GB of storage use, and feel satisfied in the greater cushion of space.I had an iPad myself but have since switched to a laptop and kindle combination for reading news and books, while this is my primary method of searching the internet, as I am often &#34;searching&#34; rather than &#34;browsing&#34;, which a laptop lends itself better to. Also if you like to contribute to websites, write papers, apply to volunteer or job opportunities, communicate with friends and family through email... I find a computer with a keyboard and a trackpad (or mouse) to be a far easier, faster, and generally more efficient way to get all of this done.
computer|I was a little hesitant to buy a MacBook because I had a really bad experience with the old Mac G4 cube before, which ended up costing me thousands and which all ended up in the trash. Also, I was worried that I would have compatibility issues with my PC files. But since I love my iPad and my old iPhone so much, I decided to give Macs another try. If you are transitioning from a PC laptop to a MacBook for school, the best application to use is Microsoft Office for Mac. I learned this hard lesson after I lost my class notes when Evernote unexpectedly shut down. Microsoft Office is pricey but worth it. I am able to work on my documents using Word on both my Mac and my PC. Same goes for PowerPoint. I use dropbox to save my docs so I can retrieve them on either computer, and even my iPad. Hooking up my canon 3500 printer was easy. As soon as I plugged it into the Mac I followed the prompts and I was printing in under 3 minutes. I was so happy that I did not have to buy a new printer. Face time is also easy to use and I was able to get it running in a few seconds. I just type in my friends' mobile number and I can video chat with them on their iPhones. Though the resolution for video chat is not great, it's nice to see their faces.The screen is a nice size and so is the keyboard. Not too small like my little pink EEE pc or too big like my Dell Inspiron. Everything is so responsive, and the screen is so sharp & vibrant, so it's a joy to surf the web and watch movies too. If I could give this product a thousand stars I would!Oh yeah, when I first tried to watch a youtube movie, I had to download some program on youtube, but that only took a click and a few minutes.
computer|I had the 13' MBA, and got this when my teenager took it from me (upgraded to 8 GB RAM, highly recommended). Extremely happy. The portability is fantastic. Strangely, the 13' MBA now seems bulky and heavy to me...I can use it in bed, on the sofa, and during travel, and have largely abandoned my desktop imac. Everything runs quietly, smoothly and swiftly, including windows 8 on Parallels. I do not see the 11' screen as too small for my usual work, including surfing and creating documents. I figure the small hard disk will not be an issue in view of the increasing use of cloud services, and likely I can buy in the future some USB flash memory when prices go down. As with all apple computers, build quality is excellent. Very happy with the 11' MBA.
computer|I have a regular 13" Macbook Pro from 2010 that I use for work. The Macbook Retina I got over the summer. I decided I didn't want to travel a lot with the retina, because it was on the more expensive side and I didn't want to risk losing it or damaging it with travel. I got the Air to be a travel computer. I also have an iPad 2, but I've used it less and less due to a lack of a keyboard.The Air is significantly lighter than the pro and the retina. You can't compare the screen on the retina to the Air and the retina obviously gets the nod there, but between the regular pro and the Air its pretty equal. I never really knew how thin the Air was, I mean you see the commercials of them putting it in an envelope, but when it was sitting in the sun with the screen off you could see the Apple logo through the screen.Since it has a SSD I was actually expecting it to stay a bit cooler. The retina stays fairly cool and the Pro gets a lot warmer, so I was expecting something like the pro. I don't know if its because its so thin, but it definitely feels warmer than my retina sitting on my lap. Thats really the only negative I can say about it, but its not really a negative just something that was surprising. I was used to how fast it boots up due to the Retina, but both this and the retina load a lot faster than the regular pro with a standard HD. I know it still loads up faster than my HP laptop, but its almost instant to log in with the newer models.Its super light, but still feels really solid like all the Apple products. I can hold it in 1 hand comfortably just like the iPad. The trackpad is very quick and responsive which is nice, because I have heard some stories abut other small notebooks and ultrabooks where the keyboard and track pad don't work very well. That is not the case with this one, both work wonderfully.I have not gotten to use the USB 3.0 because I don't have any 3.0 devices, so can't really comment on if it works well or not. I also have not used the Facetime camera yet. I did use my Apple tv with it and it streamed just fine. Overall this computer has exceeded my expectations. I haven't even opened up my other computers for awhile besides to sync my phone. I would also recommend getting the models with the larger harddrives. The smallest with 64gb would not be enough for much of anything. The 128gb seems to be the perfect amount. You aren't going to use this computer as your main computer I wouldn't think, but its great for a secondary unit.EDIT: 10/1/12The battery life on this thing is pretty good. I turned it on about an hour before the early football games started and it lasted to the 2 minute warning of the end of the game. It still had 4% when I plugged it in, so I probably could have made it last the entire game. Not to mention I had the screen brightness turned all the way up and was cruising the web and watching videos, so it easily could have lasted throughout the game if not longer if I had at the very least turned down the screen. In the end it lasted just a tad over 4 hours. The battery on the regular pro will last maybe 3 hrs, it won't last on a flight from Chicago to LA. The retina lasts longer than both of them and I can almost make it from JFK to LAX without it dying.
computer|I ordered the MacBook after having to return the Asus Zen Book. At first I was reluctant because of the price premium over the Asus but I am very pleased with it. Amazon lowered the price of the MacBook by $100 not too long after I returned the Asus. I felt that I received a very good deal.
computer|After trying my friend's Air 11'', I sold my new Air 13'' and bought this. This is much more easier to carry around than the 13'' model. A very nice laptop for high school, college and travel.I do wish it comes with longer battery life for both 13'' and 11'' model. I would like to keep this Air for next 3 years and I hope my next Air will come with over 12hrs battery life.
computer|My 3 year old 10 inch Acer dropped and died. Its portability had served me well while traveling on a motorcycle from Germany to Morocco and back, and a year later while renting a Royal Enfield and riding around India for two months. There is really still nothing out there that can match the low weight, and compact size I am most concerned about(not being that keen on tablets). The MacBook is 4 times more expensive, and has only half(128gb) the hard drive space, two criteria that made me ponder the decision extensively, especially because one of my main reasons for getting one was to store photos on my trips. Now that I have been using it a while, I could hardly be more pleased. It is so much smoother a machine than the Acer, has the great start-up speed of ssd, a better monitor, useful back-lit keyboard, superior standard photo software, runs very, very cool in comparison, is totally quiet, is even a tad lighter, and has advanced track pad functions that don't have a mind of their own. I loved my little Acer, but this is a wonderful upgrade indeed.
computer|I purchased the Apple MacBook Air MD224LL/A 11.6-Inch Laptop (NEWEST VERSION) to replace my 2011 Macbook Pro 13". I am a lecturer / graduate student, and this is now my main computer.BUILD QUALITYIt is surprisingly sturdy. Although I plan to purchase a clear case for it (probably from iPearl), I think you could probably get away with using nothing at all. This ruggedness is an amazing feat, considering its light weight. Owners of previous Macbook Airs will enjoy more of the same.DISPLAYThe Macbook Air has a beautiful display that is quite bright, crisp, and clear. The automatic dimmer function adjusts the brightness level according to the ambient light, and I have found that this works really well. Personally, I think the colors on the Macbook Pro 13" display "popped" a little bit more, and I liked the bezel-less solid piece of glass on it better. However, there is no denying that the resolution on this machine is far superior. I have seen the resolutions on some of the other ultrabooks (Windows), and I think this looks better (the ppi is actually about the same). [EDIT:] The soon-to-be-released Zenbook and others are supposed to have better displays this year, though, so this may change in the future.KEYBOARDIt is full-sized and typing on it feels good. The backlit keys are great. The keys don't travel enough for my taste, and it feels a little less solid than the Macbook Pro, but this is a minor complaint. I write for a living, and I am looking forward to writing on this!TRACKPADThe glass trackpad probably does not get much mention in most reviews, but it is one of the best features of a Macbook, and it sets Apple computers apart from competitors. I retired my mouse a long time ago because of it. If you take the time to master the gestures (see your preferences), and you give full-screen views on applications a try, you can enjoy an incredible experience on this machine. The slightest touch whisks you from screen to screen.BATTERYFar too short. Really, 5 hours is not very much, and it looks like I am only getting about that much with regular use on half brightness [EDITED: after testing a couple of times -- just short of five hours]. I wish they could have bumped this up an hour or two more, and I will miss the long life on my Macbook Pro. I guess battery life is one of the trade-offs for this form factor.SPEEDIt is lightning fast. To be honest, I cannot tell a difference yet between it and last year's model. They tell me it is faster, though, so I guess I will have to believe them. Perhaps a few months of usage will give me more perspective. At any rate, it is noticeably faster than the Macbook Pro.ACCESSORIES / STUFF / PORTSThe cord is a good length, and the power brick is quite small. It is somewhere between the size of my iPad power brick and the Macbook Pro power brick. From what I can tell, it looks considerably smaller than the 13" Macbook Air one. I am thinking that I might not mind carrying it around in my man bag with the Macbook Air. The ports on the machine are very conveniently placed, with one USB port on each side. This is so much better than the Macbook Pro, which had all of the ports on the left, where they would inevitably cause problems. Fat thumb-drives sometimes took up so much space I couldn't get another USB cable into the slot next to it. There is no Ethernet port. No Firewire port either. Be forewarned. It doesn't matter to me, but it might to you.COMPARISONS- 64GBI purchased the 128GB model. With judicious use of cloud services like Google Drive and Dropbox, and perhaps the purchase of a 32GB thumb drive to carry around files in case you are not connected, I think 64GB is also doable. One of the great things about this year's 64GB model is that you get the same 4GB of RAM. I consider that model to be the best value, and I would have gotten it if I didn't have a large number of files in one application that, because of the application's design, I cannot put on the cloud.- 13" Macbook AirThe base model 13" Macbook air is a better buy if you want the extra battery life and screen size. I value portability over those things (I can carry this in a small man bag, but if I got the 13" I would have to move up to a mail bag or backback).- 13" Macbook ProThe Macbook Pro 13" was an OK computer last year, and before the Macbook Air's Sandy Bridge refresh, was definitely the best entry-level product. However, they did not update the resolution this year, it is rather pokey compared to the Macbook Air, and it is much heavier. Unless you just simply refuse to use the cloud and have an obscene amount of files to carry around every day, I see no point in getting it.- UltrabooksAs for Windows ultrabooks, I might actually consider them if there was a significant price difference, but most that I have seen are just about the same price as the Macbook Air. They also have inferior build quality (in my opinion) and no support (all of the good stuff you have heard about Apple's phenomenal support is true). I am excited about Windows 8 (sorry Apple fanboys!) and I like where ultrabooks are headed. [EDIT:] It looks like the soon-to-be-released Zenbook will likely be better in terms of specs and price, so if you are wavering between Apple and Windows, you may want to wait a bit longer.- Upgrade from 2011 modelI don't think I would do it if I had the 128GB / 4GB RAM version. The form factor is pretty much the same, and so is the speed. There are some minor improvements like USB 3.0, but otherwise, it probably isn't worth it. If you have the 64GB /2GB RAM version from last year, you could probably benefit from the extra RAM.SUMMARYBecause of the high resolution display, and the ability to view applications in full-screen mode, I think this computer is portability perfected. It could definitely serve as your main machine, and I think many people will find that it is a better experience than the Pro models from just a year before. If you are a student, this is probably one of the best computers available on the market, and I highly recommend it.
computer|UPDATE Oct 26, 2012: For about four months, my 11" Air has been my main computer. I am just as happy with it now as the day I got it. Battery life has consistently been close to the 5 hours Apple claims, sometimes more. Performance is consistently blazingly fast, and traveling with the Air is a dream (2.4 pounds and super thin instead of 4-6 pounds for a regular laptop). No scratches on the aluminum body or display. No problems of any kind. If my Air was lost or stolen, I would buy the same one again without thinking about it. Here's my original review:-----------The 11" 2012 Air is a winner in my opinion. It offers absolutely excellent performance and it is amazingly portable despite having a comfortable full-sized keyboard and an excellent display. The design is beautiful and build quality is exceptional.I ordered my 2012 11" Macbook Air the day it was introduced, received it a few days later, and have used it intensively since. I also own a 13" late 2010 model MB Air, which was my main computer until getting this one.The 2012 Air's SSD is literally more than twice as fast as the SSDs in the 2010 and 2011 model Airs. The new ivy bridge processors are more than twice as fast as the core 2 duo's in the 2010 Airs and about 20% faster than the sandy bridge processors in the 2011 Air. Compared to my 2010 Air, the 2012 Air flies and makes the 2010 Air seem very sluggish.The new ivy bridge processors are faster yet less power-hungry than the processors in the 2010 and 2011 Airs, which makes for a small but appreciated improvement in battery life according to independent published benchmarks. I've had my Air for 4 months now, and I'm getting pretty close to the 5-hour battery life that Apple promises, sometimes more. I usually have the screen brightness at 50% and the keyboard backlight down to the lowest setting (but not off).This is my first computer with USB 3.0 ports. I have been blown away by transfer speeds to my USB 3.0 flash drive and a 2TB external hard drive. (My other USB peripherals are USB 2.0, so I don't notice any difference with them.)I used bootcamp to install Windows 7 and some Windows-only software I need for work. Booting into Windows and running Windows natively is a noticeably better experience on this new Air than on the Lenovo Windows laptop that I used to have at my job.For people who don't have an Apple TV and want to play their Air through a home theater system, it's very helpful that the 2012 Air now has HDMI audio pass-through. This means that a single HDMI cable can transmit video and audio from your Air to your home theater system or television set. (Though, you still need the HDMI adapter because the Air still doesn't have its own HDMI port. But the adapter is pretty inexpensive.) The 2010 Air (and maybe the 2011 Air?) could only pass video through the HDMI cable, so you'd need separate audio cables for sound. I have run my new Air through my home theater and watched a few SD and HD programs I downloaded with iTunes, and it worked really great - setup was very easy and sound and picture were very good. I really appreciate this because I recently ditched cable and now depend on iTunes, Hulu+, and similar internet services for my TV needs.If you have a 2010 Air and can afford it, upgrading to a 2012 Air is a no-brainer. The performance is vastly better, plus there are many small but meaningful improvements (backlit keyboard, HDMI audio pass-through, USB 3.0, better Facetime webcam).If you have a 2011 Air, the case for upgrading is weaker. Compared to the 2011 Airs, the 2012 Airs have fewer improvements and the performance gain is much less dramatic (the main exception being the much faster SSD).If you're trying to decide between an Air and a 13" Macbook Pro: The Air is way thinner and lighter than the Pro, so it's much nicer to travel with. The Air's display has higher resolution than the Pro's. The Air's SSD blows away the Pro's sluggish 5400 rpm hard drive. On the other hand, the Pro's display has richer colors and wider viewing angles. The Pro has a built-in optical drive; this is important to some people, but many of us rarely use them anymore and cheap external drives work very well with the Air. The Pro's processor is more powerful (though most people will find the 2012 Air's processor to have more than adequate power and speed). A couple months ago, my employer replaced the Lenovo Thinkpad in my office with a new 13" Macbook Pro. My 11" Air is much faster than the Pro. I usually bring my Air to work every day and often don't even turn on the Pro. If you're trying to decide between an Air and a Pro, visit your local retailer and compare them in person. It's really a tradeoff between the Pro's built-in optical drive and rich (but low-res) display and the Air's incredibly thin and light form factor and blazing SSD.If you're trying to decide between an 11" and 13" Air, the main tradeoff in my opinion is battery life vs. portability. Battery life is rated at 5 hours in the 11" Air, 7 hours in the 13" Air. This is a big difference for people who regularly do a lot of computing away from a power outlet. The difference won't be as important for people who mostly do their computing near a power outlet (I'm in that category). On the three trips I've taken since getting my 11" Air, I've found the 5-hour battery life to be enough for me to get a ton of work done on the flight plus have juice left to watch a pre-downloaded movie or TV episode. And I can't overstate how wonderful it is to travel with such an incredibly thin and light yet powerful computer. Plus, TSA doesn't require you to remove the 11" Air from your laptop bag at airport security (though you ARE required to remove a 13" Air, go figure). But some people really need those extra couple hours of battery life; if you're one of them, get a 13" Air, it's still amazingly thin and light (just not quite as much as the 11" Air).Another difference between the 11" and 13" Airs is the display, of course. The 13" is not just bigger, it also has higher resolution. For me, this wasn't a factor in my decision because when I'm not traveling, most of the time I plug my Air into an external 22" or 24" monitor, so the built-in display is less important to me than it might be to you. When it's not plugged in to an external monitor, I am perfectly happy with the 11" display (even though I was used to a 13" display on my previous Air). But you might be happier with the 13" display's higher resolution--to be sure, see both models side by side at your local retailer.Differences between the speed and performance of the 11" and 13" Airs are small enough that most people won't notice them. Even the cheapest 11" Air feels as fast as the 13" Air for most tasks. And both models can be upgraded with more ram, a faster processor, and bigger SSDs at time of purchase.In fact, if you want any of these upgrades, you should get them at the time of purchase, since most of them cannot be upgraded post-purchase. Here are some recommendations:There are three things that can be upgraded: SSD, RAM, and processor. SSD in my opinion is most urgent. The processor and RAM in the cheapest model will be adequate for most users, but the 64GB SSD will not. Paying $100 extra to increase the SSD from 64GB to 128GB should be a no-brainer for all but the most liquidity-constrained purchasers. If you can afford it, get the 256GB SSD. If you can afford the 256GB SSD and still have money left, then upgrade to 8GB of RAM.In the comments, someone noted that the RAM is not user-upgradable post-purchase but the SSD is. This is true. However, upgrading the SSD post-purchase is very expensive, the Air is not designed to be user-serviceable, and opening up your Air may void your warranty. So, for most people, it will be better to buy the Air with the biggest SSD you can afford at the time of purchase.One thing I don't recommend is AppleCare. Some of you will disagree and I respect your opinions, but here's mine in case it might help you decide:It's certainly true that AppleCare will save a few people a lot of money. But the average person won't get their 250 dollars worth from AppleCare--otherwise Apple wouldn't make money off it. When I bought my 2010 Air, I let the Apple salesperson talk me into AppleCare, and I haven't used it once. The only good thing about it in my case is that AppleCare transfers to the next owner, and there's over 1 year left on it, so I can use it as a selling point when I put my 2010 Air up for sale.But I didn't buy AppleCare with my 2012 Air. If there's a defective part, it'll most likely fail during the standard warranty period. If something fails after the standard 1-year warranty, the repair cost would have to be over $250 to make the AppleCare worthwhile. For me, the decision comes down to this: do I want to part with $250 for sure right now, or am I willing to accept a very small risk of losing even more after a year from now?Of course, some people are particularly risk averse and will appreciate having the peace of mind. And there are some people who really will get their money's worth, and for them, AppleCare is a life-saver. But for most of us, it will end up being a money-loser.Whether you get AppleCare or not, I strongly recommend the 2012 Macbook Air, and for many of you, the amazing portability of the 11" model will be the better choice.
computer|I am reviewing this item alongside my Retina Macbook Pro, so I will be doing some comparisons.I bought this laptop to replace a family members aging Asus laptop. She was not a power user, and was convinced she wanted to buy an Apple. I helped her choose the Air, because she really just needs a general use laptop, not a powerful computer.Qualifications: Senior At Clemson University in Computer Engineering, and would consider myself a power user, but I will be writing this review for the purposes of non-power users, as I do not believe this laptop to be the best option for people that need processing power, but for consumers that want a quality laptop for everyday tasks.Build Quality: 9/10. The unbelievably thin of 2008 doesn't seem quite so thin anymore. How times change. That said, this laptop is extremely well built, and feels well built, yet very light and compact. I do feel as if you need to be careful with it, just because it is so thin, but that may me just being paranoid.Power: 6/10. The Ivy Bridge processors give the Macbook Air a nice boost in graphical performance. However, this is not a processing workhorse. If you need a strong processor, go with the Macbook Pro 13". But for every day performance, its perfectly adequate. If you haven't used flash storage before (SSD's), this laptop will likely feel quicker on most everyday tasks than a Quadcore computer just because everything that isn't processor intensive is so zippy.Battery Life: 8/10. At full brightness, you can get about 3 hours out of it, but can get 5 at low brightness levels. While I complained about this in my Retina Macbook pro, this is excellent for such a small lightweight machine. You can bump up the battery life by jumping to the 13" size, but for the 11" form factor, this is a reasonable amount in my eyes.Screen: 8/10. The air is still using the TN display and has not yet switched to the IPS system. The advantage of IPS displays is that they have much wider viewing angles. If you tilt the screen all the way back, you will get a washed out screen. That said, as far as TN displays go, this is an excellent one, and is superior to the 13" Macbook Pro's screen. This screen is not a retina screen, and you can definitely tell a difference between the Air and the Ipad3/Retina macbook. However, the screen still is crisp and beautiful for a non-retina screen. I'd say it was somewhere between the ipad2 and iPad3 in screen quality.Sound: 4/10. Very Tinny at max volume... but its a half inch thick 11" laptop... you don't buy this for sound quality. The Retina Macbook Pro has a much better sound system, but this laptop is less than half the price, and in a much smaller form factor. I gave it a 4/10 for sound, but really sound quality won't factor much into the overall review. The sound quality is fine at lower levels.Expansion: 3/10. I gave the retina macbook pro a 1/10. However, today OWC released flash storage for the air. You will never be able to upgrade the RAM/Memory, but you will be able to upgrade the storage.Sexiness Factor: 9/10. Not quite as amazingly sexy as it was in 2008, but still holds its own. Not many laptops are thinner than this one, and I'd argue none besides perhaps Samsung keeps its quality at this thinness.Overall: 8/10. This is one of those situations where the final device is better than the sum of its parts. Yes the speakers don't handle high volumes, but did you expect them to? There is only so much you can do when you are working inside a case this thin. The power isn't stupendous, but its more than enough for the target users(people that don't want to run Final Cut Pro, but light to moderate photoshop and internet users). The screen isn't retina, but is beautiful none-the-less. This laptop is perfect for general computing users, and will likely last you for several years before you start thinking about another upgrade.
computer|There is no "absolute" scale of greatness. In the human condition, you either get great price, or you get great gear, but both? As rare as a unicorn.That having been said, the current iDevices and Air Books represent great value. Apple has completely transformed itself from a company that offered high design, mediocre performance, and high prices to a company that also includes high performance - and market-leading designs, not just "pretty" designs. They charge a premium price - but they also offer premium gear with a premium experience, and the ratio of "premium experience" to "premium cost" keeps getting better for us, the consumer. Look how they revolutionized the phone industry with the iPhone - before the iPhone, none of us dreamed how "smart" a "smartphone" could be.Now, look at the Windows Ultrabooks - bald-faced MacBook Air "clones." They came out priced HIGHER than Apple Air Books for comparable specs, while still offering sub-par experiences (touchpad problems anybody? not on Airs; how about viewing angles on screens and the video quality experience? Apple 10, opposition 1). Now that prices have dropped, they still have dismal market share, and advance press on Microsoft's new "Metro" user interface for Windows 8 (coming soon) has been very negative.Kudos to Tim Cook for the many, many years of hard work he spent turning Apple's "supply side contracting" into the power house it is today. Apple has such a lock up on future production, that what's left over for other manufacturers is priced relatively high. And margins are SO thin in the hardware world of Windows (caught between Intel's aggressive chip pricing and Microsoft's Windows licensing fees, actual hardware manufacturers are picking at bones) that the manufacturers have very limited design teams, nothing to compare to Apple, which is a design MACHINE as we all know. For that matter, Windows used to roll out the latest chips from Intel. Now its Apple.In short, unless you absolutely, positively have to run Windows, or are still running Windows XP (you know the millions and millions of you out there!) and dread the learning curve in switching to Windows 7 (grateful that you skipped Vista altogether!), or need to buy a new netbook every few months to see if the _finally_ deliver on their early promise, just bite the bullet and buy a Mac.And particularly if you are using this for real world stuff - hauling it to your favorite coffee shop or wifi hotspot. Using it on your lap at home.My 11.6" MacBook Air fits in a SLIP case that looks like it was designed for an iPad! Slipped into my daypack, it feels like it isn't there! When I use it, the keyboard is FULL SIZED. If it's dark, no problem, no headlamp required to see the keyboard - it's backlighted. Wait, I don't have a lapdesk. No problem - no air vents on the bottom that I will block by placing it on my lap, and it doesn't run hot (what a concept - a laptop you can actually place ON YOUR LAP).Here are the pluses and minuses:+ Large enough screen for basic HD video (720p, but not 1080p; it can output 1080p to your external screen, but it can't display it all in a single glance on the smaller built in screen).+ Large enough screen so that websites display properly when your browser is "max size" (you can even easily "full screen" it). (I recommend setting your "dock" or "app bar" to hide itself until you bump the cursor on that edge of the screen - that way you get the most of your limited screen real estate.)+ MagSafe Connector for safety - MagSafe breaks free before dragging laptop off table.- New design of MagSafe has problems reported by Pogue - sometimes disconnects itself during normal laptop shifting. Mine seems very tight, so tight I worry that given the light weigh of the Air and the slick feet on its bottom surface, it will get dragged of the table if someone's foot catches my power cord.+ Slick feet on the bottom of the case let the unit slide smoothly into the snug slip case I got from Rickshaw Bags.- Slick feet on the bottom of the case let the unit slide around on my desk, at the coffee shop on their table, at the library etc. Won't even stay put on a rubber surfaced lapdesk.+ Ultra light bottom (keyboard) section. (The screen is light too, of course.)- The case bottom is so light, that Apple limited the "recline angle" of the screen so it wouldn't tip the whole laptop backwards - this is a non-issue for normal height people at a desk, but if you set the laptop down on a kitchen counter you will probably want to recline the screen back further than you can, for a good review. Still very usable, but a minor niggle.+ That solid aluminum, satin polished, machined case still impresses. One or two Ultrabooks try to duplicate it, but most throw in some plastic as well.- That solid, satin polished case is something we all want to keep pristine, so a huge market in covers has emerged. Covers are terrible, though, they maee the Air fat, unwieldly, keep heat in, and get scratched themselves anyway. Net result: Apple will give us all OCD, or teach us to love wear marks!- The Air case is slippery! Watch your grip! If you pick a slip case (like the looser fitting Tom Bihn) up and accidentally aim the opening down, your Air will eagerly slide out! Some have even complained about how slippery it is in the hands!+ It now has a USB 3.0, which means an inexpensive Apple compatible USB 3.0 hard drive from Seagate, or a reformatted (not hard to do!) 3.0 hard drive from Western Digital, will produce desktop speeds when you use an external hard drive. Note that the internal SSD in the Air is EVEN FASTER, but who besides Apple runs much SSD in their units? USB 3.0 is about as good as an internal hard drive in most other makers laptops.+ You can buy an accessory stand that turns the Air into a "docking" laptop, and if you have one of those USB 3.0 external hard drives, performance will be comparable to a Mac Mini.- No native HDMI port or even Apple-made adapter. BUT a third party adapter is available.+ HDMI carries sound now too, which makes the Air a potential "home theater" device.- Type on the screen is small on an 11.6" screen.+ You DO know that Command + and Command - are like pinch zoom and shrink and will size the text temporarily to make it easier to read?- Yes but I like touch gestures better and wish the Air had a touch screen!+ Yes but using the keys keeps fingerprints off the screen. Besides you have an iPad already, right? And you know iPad users are buying external keyboards in droves, right?+ And if you don't know about it yet, Safari, Apple's default web browser (but I use Google Chrome), has an e-reader function that converts web-laid out text to a nice single column of readable text.- Flash seems to crash both Safari and Google Chrome more frequently than in Windows.+ The world is moving away from Flash. And blame Adobe and it's Flash complexity-nightmare, not Apple.- Google Chrome doesn't seem as stable in Apple as in Windows. Esp. when Mountain Lion came out, Chrome got glitchy.+ Google releases more updates to its browser than Apple releases updates to its OS X. Besides isn't Chrome still in Beta? (No, there IS a beta distribution line, but Chrome has been "stable" for a long time now).- OS X isn't Linux.+ No, it isn't, but it is tightly based on BSD that "other" free Unix distribution, which many uber geeks think is better. But I won't touch THAT topic.- You can't run Linux on a Mac.+ Actually you can, but probably not as easily as on Windows hardware. But isn't the "challenge" of installing and running Linux part of the "fun"?d Besides, see "+" above, OS X is based on BSD, but with a REAL WORKING BEAUTIFUL desktop instead of Elf (Gnome?) whose current incarnation has been cursed by the very orginator of Linux, Linus Torvaldis himself.So in short, allowing for a slight unnecessary excursion into computer humor, the current MacBook Air is an absolutely incredible machine whose design and technology make it worth every farthing paid for it. And unlike products like the Google Nexus 7 tablet (I jut got one! and I do like it very much) if you have a customer service issue or even a Dumb Question you don't have to run an incredible Google search to find an incredibly small amount of help. You just make an online "Genius Bar" appointment at your nearest Apple store, show up, and get helped.
computer|I upgraded from an MC375LL/A mid-2010 13" MacBook Pro to a MC224LL/A mid-2012 11.6" MacBook Air, and the difference is like night and day. My new MBA takes 5 - 7 seconds from pressing the power button to login screen versus about two minutes with my old MBP. The main hardware differences are: Core i5 vs. Core 2 Duo, 1600MHz vs 1067MHz RAM memory, and (very important) SSD vs. mechanical HDD secondary storage. My new MBA doesn't even feel warm when playing Civilization V whereas my old MBP became very hot within minutes, and the graphics performance is at least twice as fast. As for the ergonomics, the keyboard really is full size, and the display is not noticeably smaller than the 13" MBP, yet the 11.6" display has more pixels. Most importantly to me, my MBA weighs less than half of my old MBP. I really am very happy with this 11.6" MacBook Air.
computer|I bought this 11" MacBook Air (MBA) from Amazon back when there was a one day sale in late January 2013 (MD223LL/A). Amazon did a wonderful job with the transaction and getting it to me, and the notebook has been flawless in operation. I bought it as a highly portable, second notebook with my primary being a MacBook Pro 17 (Late 2011) which I use almost exclusively at home and the MBA 11 travels with me along with my iPhone. I also had an iPad3 but I couldn't keep all my files for reference or revision (xls, doc, pdf, jpgs, etc.) with me in a portable manner, though the iPad retina display was much better, just a bit smaller.The MBA is only slightly larger than an iPad and is all about portability while being a real notebook and not just a tablet. The keyboard is really easy to use. Because it is not my primary notebook, the MBA 11-64 GB hard drive is just fine as I only store the essentials on it and my iPhone has most of my iTunes music on it. The audio quality is just fine with the ear pods.Are there some improvements that I would like to see? Sure, but it unfair to compare a $799 MBA 11 to a $2499 MBP 17, both with OS X Mountain Lion. The most obvious difference is the screen quality, resolution and I am still trying to adjust the MBA 11 screen to my preference. But remember, I am normally viewing the screen in imperfect environments usually on the road. When I get home, I use the 17. Given the iPad retina screen resolution, I cannot believe Apple cannot improve the screen quality of the MBA 11.The battery life is about 4 hours with the screen brightness at 2/3 and the keyboard lighting on the lowest setting but I understand there is limited room for a larger battery.The MBA 11 is much faster than my MBP 17 with a750 GB-7200 RPM hard drive.My iPad3 used to have a data plan with the cell carrier for Internet access that worked well. How I solved this dilemma with the MBA 11 was through the use of my iPhone 5 and the "Personal Hotspot" function on the phone where I connect the MBA 11 to my iPhone for Internet access and see no difference in Internet speeds.The MBA is a perfect size for the fold down trays on commercial airplanes, and it will play two movies using the full screen given the 16x9 aspect ratio vs. other MacBook notebooks that are 16x10.I would think the MBA 11/64 GB SSD might be a bit small as your only notebook but with a 256 GB SSD and an external monitor, it just might due for some people for lighter use.Overall I am very happy with what this notebook offers.
computer|It's hard (VERY hard) for me to acknowledge that perhaps my decision to drop $2200 on this maxed out 11" Macbook Air would have been money better spent on a 13" Air or Macbook Pro. The truth is that it is an exceptionally well built machine. I love the quality of the screen, the feel of typing on it, the trackpad, the backlit keyboard, how light and thin it is...but part of my wishes that I'd gone for the 13" model. The 13" is only a half-pound heavier, but I think the slightly larger screen would go a long way. This little guy had an exceptionally clear and fantastic screen--the only thing it lacks is the vertical height. The silly thing is that I read reviews prior to purchasing that said the same thing and recommended what I'm going to recommend to you: buy the 13" model. It's pretty much every bit as portable as the 11", only a teensy bit heavier, and you'll thank me for the extra vertical screen viewing area. The 11" just doesn't quite have enough vertical height. It's got plenty from side to side, but vertically it just seems, uh, "short."That qualm aside, I've installed Windows 8 on it via Bootcamp and it runs fantastically. I actually prefer running Windows 8 on it. Heresy, I know. But yeah, it's FAST, portable, and an all-around exquisite machine. I will admit that I do drool over the new Macbook Air 13" with Retina Display which will be released next week: talk about the ultimate in speed and portable computing!Anyway, these are simply the best machines out there. I looked at every other option from Dell, Asus, HP, and so on. No one else offered anything as portable, powerful, or well-made, with the same fantastic specs. It's really a shame because, frankly, if there were Windows-based laptops out there equally well-made, I would've preferred to purchase one of them. But, well, if Apple makes the best machine to run Windows on, then a Mac machine it is.Oh, battery life has been totally sufficient for me. It's not super long but it's long enough for working away from outlets (in classrooms, in meetings, etc.). Anyway, for what it's worth, I really recommend these machines. Apple really knows how to produce exceptional hardware. The operating system is the only aspect of the machine that I don't like as much--but that's why I installed Windows on it![UPDATE 12/1/12]I sold the MBA 11.6". After a while of using it I found the 11.6" size to simply be too small for constant use programming and writing for school, and using Access and Excel for work. I was literally using it up to 8 hours a day intensively, and it was just...too small to be practical. That, and I found myself using Windows 8 most of the time because I just don't like how the Mac OS X multitasks. For me OS X wasn't even as efficient for multitasking as Windows 8 (which is a tad bit less multitasking efficient than Windows 7). But running Windows 8 on a Mac isn't ideal because Apple doesn't care to produce highly optimized drivers to support their users that do run Windows 8. They make it *possible* but not a great experience. Most of the Windows 8 gestures wouldn't work with the Bootcamp 4.0 drivers, and a third-party driver (Trackpad++) was necessary to achieve a tolerable trackpad experience using Windows 8 on the MBA. However, even Trackpad++ wasn't perfect. It had to be constantly updated (every week) which was annoying, and I felt like the trackpad experience was--while better than the Bootcamp drivers--still very much a subpar Windows trackpad experience. The trackpad seemed to be not as responsive as it was in OS X, and less responsive even than the average trackpad on a Windows laptop. There was literally a full second delay between typing and the trackpad accepting input. I'd constantly find myself swiping multiple times because the trackpad hadn't activated yet after I'd been typing. Uber frustrating. In short: Windows 8 on Mac is possible, but less than ideal.That reality coupled with the small size just not being workable for a full day of work on the MBA, I sold it. Lost a significant chunk of change in the process.I HIGHLY recommend 1) that you only purchase a Mac if you KNOW you like OS X, 2) that you only purchase an 11.6" MBA as a (much) better netbook/ultraportable experience, and 3) that if you plan to work more than an hour or two a day on your laptop (doing anything) opt for something with a bigger screen: at a minimum 13.3" (either the MacBook Air 13.3" or a Windows laptop with an equivalent screen size).Bottom-line: It was too small for all-day work, but the screen, keyboard, and trackpad (in OS X) were excellent. If you like OS X, and need something ultra-ultra portable (like netbook size) get the 11.6". If you like OS X and plan to work extensively on the laptop and need something portable, get the 13.3" MacBook Air.Keep in mind that you're only getting dual-core processors in either MacBook Air... which can prove frustrating if you're really crunching some data through Excel or Access. Two cores, even with hyperthreading, just isn't as capable of dealing with large datasets and operations as a quad-core processor with hyperthreading. I underestimated the performance penalty and found myself frequently waiting for the MBA to finish Excel and Access tasks.Oh, last note: if you're using Windows 8 on this machine and plugging in an external monitor, expect the fan to run constantly, even loudly. It's more than barely noticeable. In my office environment it was loud enough to find embarrassing--in part because it sounds like the MacBook is struggling so hard. It didn't exhibit this same loud ramping up of the fan when an external monitor was plugged in and OS X was running.I hope the above information proves useful to you in your buying decision.
computer|I bought my first Apple computer, a Mac Plus, in early 1986. I had to preorder and wait in a waiting list for about a month. It was extremely slow and ran from only a single floppy, but I loved it. I switched to PC's after that and had a sparcstation at one point. I bought my second Apple computer at an Apple store exactly 25 years later in 2011. That was a Macbook Air 11. Interestingly that one had a flawed keyboard, a couple of keys went dead after a few hours of use, and I took it back to the Apple store. They had never seen that before, nor had I read about such a problem online, but they gave me a new one and I have been very happy with it ever since. But would that suffice for another 25 years?Answer: no. I bought my third Apple computer, the new MacBook Air 11 from Amazon about two weeks ago. It has a 64GB internal SSD and 4GB RAM (it's the lowest end model). It uses the new Ivy Bridge chipset (core i5 instead of the old core 2 in the old MacBook) and new Intel graphics chip, and it shows with a noticeable performance improvement running all types of software. USB 3.0 is a plus for me right now, and thunderbolt will be in the future as soon as I buy the thunderbolt to gigabit ethernet dongle (I am using my old USB to 100 Mbit ethernet dongle for now). The display is virtually the same as the old model. The lighted keyboard is awesome, I wish I had that on the old one. The new magsafe 2 connector is a little disappointing since I needed to buy a $10 (Apple store) adapter to reuse my old power supplies. Also the 180 degree connector falls out much more easily than the 90 degree connector on my old MacBook. But I have gotten used to that.The new USB 3.0 ports are very helpful. Copying lots of files from an ADATA Pro USB 3.0 flash drive to the MacBook's internal SSD is still a bit slow: 1519 files (67 MB total) in 9.251 seconds. But a single 23.8 MB file takes 0.328 seconds. The same two operations on the old MacBook which has USB 2.0 take 28.456 seconds and 1.86 seconds respectively. So USB 3.0 is 3-5 times faster depending on what you are copying. In the other direction it took 1.342 seconds to copy 23.8MB from the internal SSD to the ADATA drive on the new MacBook and 2.891 on the old. So the new one is roughly twice as fast but keep in mind that writing USB flash is the bottleneck there, not the USB.Next I'd like to talk about Windows. I realize this may be heresy here, but for work purposes I decided to dual boot my new MacBook with Windows 7. I use VMWare Fusion on the old one and that works very well, but mostly I don't need to run both OS's at the same time and need all the speed and RAM I can get for Windows development. As I said above, I purchased the lowest end 64 GB model and it is very important not to fill an SSD. I like to keep them less than half full and I aim at keeping them 1/3 full. That means essentially 10 GB for MacOS in a 30GB partition and 10GB for Windows 7 in a 30GB partition. For MacOS that meant getting rid of a bunch of brickabrack like Garage Band. But I can easily browse and even develop SW in 10GB. On my old MacBook which has a 128GB SSD, I use 30GB for MacOS including the iWork suite (word processor, etc) but that also includes 14GB for a Windows disk running in Fusion. Since I am only about 1/4 full I have room for another VM and more SW.Windows 7 installed like a dream using Mac's upgraded Boot Camp. Simply create a bootable USB flash drive from a Windows 7 ISO file. Then download the many drivers that Apple supplied for Windows to support their hardware. That's a large download because it has all drivers for all hardware. Then install Windows and install the drivers in two easy steps. There is a caveat for running Windows on the Air 11, I get about 5 hours battery life doing virtually nothing (reading and minor editing). It drops to 4 hours going online with light browsing and some flash disk usage. I have read that the battery life under MacOS is much better, about 6 hours, but I have not tested that. The reason is that despite Apple's efforts with their drivers, Microsoft does not optimize battery life as well as Apple. Apple simply does a much better job of turning off or turning down their hardware when it is not needed.One other note, the trackpad is the best one I have ever tried. It works a little differently on Windows however, the gestures are much pronounced and you have to develop a very light touch otherwise your two finger scroll will be much too fast. Then you have to adapt when switching back to MacOS. With that in mind and considering battery life with raw Windows, I would probably recommend most people buy and use Fusion unless they need all the memory for Windows. One other note on that: the graphics drivers appear to capture a large amount of RAM for their use leaving 2.2GB out of 4 GB for Windows. I may be able to reduce that but have not tried yet.The bottom line is this is great piece of hardware with some very nice software. Try to keep your SSD usage down because it helps with the wear leveling. So buy a couple of USB 3.0 thumb drives or a nice 3.0 external drive and keep your data files (documents, music, video, etc) off of the main drive. You can run Windows 7 on it but you will take a hit in battery life. Most of all, enjoy, because you can't help but enjoy using this computer.
computer|As a retired IT professional with nearly 40 year's experience in software development and *nix systems administration, I am extremely pleased with the latest Macbook 11.6" Air. It's the most portable laptop that I have ever used, and it's a wonderful companion to my desktop iMac. I'd highly recommend the 64GB Air to any Mac user who uses desktop computer (Mac, Linux or Windows) at home or in the office. I'd also recommend it to college students with the caveat that they'll want to start the day with a fully charged battery and they'll probably want to carry the power block along if they'll be in classes for more than a couple of hours.64GB is not a lot of storage by today's standards, but portable external drives are inexpensive and you'll want one for backup anyway. The lack of an internal CD/DVD drive isn't an issue for me, since it's easy to access the CD/DVD drive on another computer via the network. If you don't have access to another computer, external USB drives are fairly inexpensive from Apple or from third parties.My only reservation about the 11.6" Macbook Air is the fairly short battery life. Apple's claim of "Up to 5 hours wireless web" is somewhat exaggerated in my experience. I've only been able to milk that much time out of the battery if I use the most extreme energy saving settings and if I turn on WiFi only when needed. Users should be aware, too, that web pages using Adobe Flash will drain battery power very quickly.I would certainly recommend the 11.6" Macbook Air to friends - in fact, I already have.
computer|I've recently bought this product, thinking about mobility and ease of use, but have been somewhat disappointed.Yes, the computer is fast. Very fast. It is also lightweighted, but it lacks a core feature I was expecting from such an expensive piece of hardware - a good battery life.I have not seen my MacBook last more than two hours! Actually, it usually lasts a little less. And I'm not a heavy user - I use WiFi, navigate the web (webmail), some Word or Excel once in a while... nothing out of the ordinary...For the price I paid (and one of the reasons I paid it was due to the promise of 5 hours of battery life) I think it was not worth it. My old Netbook (a LG X200) which I bought almost two years ago still runs over 3 hours on battery power alone.For a traveller like me, this has not been a good experience.
