computer|I am not sure of all the capabilities of this computer, but the basics seem fine.
computer|MI COMPUTADORA LLEGO CON EL DISCO DURO MALO, AHORA TENGO QUE ESPERAR QUE EL REPRESENTANTE EN COSTA RICA, ATIENDA MI GARANTIA!!!!!!!!!!! PESIMO....
computer|Like the laptop. But I can't get the webcam to function, other than to turn on. Am I doing something wrong? Most of the controls are not working,shouldn't I be able to use camera settings on the webcam. Of course ACER has no written support on this. Unit came with Windows 7 , is it possible that the webcam drivers are not compatible?
computer|I am purchasing it. It appears to have the features I want in a computer and at the right price.
computer|I purchased this laptop based on price, hard drive size and the reviews I read on this site. Once the item arrived I immediately downloaded my 200+ gig files(all music & itunes)onto the hard drive only to find that there was not enough room on the hard drive for my files. The actual working drive space of this laptop is 218 gigs, not the advertised 250. So after some careful editing of my files I downloaded 210 gigs of music & itunes files. The laptop became slow to process anything, wireless web surfing was slow and inconsistent(constantly dropping the network), and lastly the touch pad froze and quit working all together.I packed the item up and sent it back to amazon for a refund...I imagine that this is a good laptop for those who dont have an extensive file library, however, it didn't work out for my needs.
computer|great price sure but if you have to buy a new one every year it's gets a bit old.I have a three year old laptop aspire 7720 that worked great for less than one year fixed once broke again and now there is no way to even ship back to get fixed for any amount of money. Customer Phone service is a tight loop to the hang up. You have to ask why you can't actually talk to anyone and if you do they shunt you to a phone sevice that goes to hang up. do not buy an acer laptop. the screens are great and i have had one for 7 years but do not buy the laptops must be made by dell or something.
computer|I bought this laptop it came with original Windows Office, but they did not send me the product key and I need it!
computer|Don't buy this piece of junk! Their is no indicator light for either the caps lock or the num lock! Try creating a password on one of those places where what you type immediately is replaced by dots! It's a nightmare! You will wind up with a password that will not work unless you are extremely careful. Num lock especially is an experiement every time you want to use it. Hit the number key and nothing happens. Oh, I guess it's off.The engineer who created this got his diploma from a Cracker Jack box!
computer|I purchased this laptop as I needed a PC. My MAC is not compatible with work websites. For the past two weeks I have been surfing the net, word processing, listening to CD's, using the webcam. For the price this laptop is a bargain. I purchased it as a second computer. No regrets...love it!
computer|this was a purchase for my parents who really only do internet and email. Even at that, it's quite a zippy laptop. I was quite skeptical at first given that it was (1) AMD and (2) a single core, but the glowing reviews sold me. this really is a great laptop. Everything sped along quite well and I was impressed. I was afraid it would be a netbook in a big shell but it's not. It's way more powerful!Pros:- beautiful screen- sturdy and quality keyboard- fast processor given its power- 3GB RAM for the price is much better than what Toshiba and others offer- minimal bloatware- price- has everything you need - HD space, video quality, DVD burning, webcam- Amazon!cons:- didn't like numeric keys since you have to factor in they are actually there. I do like numeric keys in general but it makes you forget the keys don't go all the way to the end of the keyboard- of course i still wish it was dual core, but it's not that much of a conThat's pretty much it. Great deal. I'd choose this over some of those T4500 lappies...
computer|Muy buema portatil, tiene sus debilidades pero a pesar de tener un procesador AMD es muy buena, muy rapida; es liviana no calienta mucho y es bien delgada, justo lo que uno quiere; exelente compra para los que lo han hecho como yo, muy buena maquina a bajo precio.
computer|You can't go wrong for the money. Set up was very easy. It's SUPER quiet with a nice keyboard. Incredible wide screen and it's not too heavy. Geez...I usually don't give out 5 Stars easily, but this one is an easy winner. Sure, it's not an Apple Mac, but who cares - it works great!
computer|definately great buy for the price, even foor higher priced laptops out there this stands up against them. 3gb ram and upgradable to 8 should last me quite a few years. so happy i found this deal!!
computer|I ordered it about a month ago, I was not sure how would it worked because this was my first AMD processor, but believe me, it works like a breeze, it has preloaded Mcaffee antivirus trial edition, and it does not slow down the laptop a bit, not too many preloaded program in this one which makes it run smoothly. I donot even notice the fan noise, its so quite. I can have multiple windows open but that does not affect its speed at all. For the price, its the best computer I had in 8 yrs(this is my 6th computer purchase). I am so happy with it that I am planning to buy another one for my family.
computer|I noticed that Best Buy really pushes the Acer line. I have found this to be pretty reliable but at the beginning, when I had questions/issues, I found it difficult to get customer support. Once I got the kinks out though its been a nice little laptop. It is pretty light weight so it makes it better for carrying. I use it mostly for facebook and emails but it serves me well.
computer|Great laptop for the price just what is needed to surf the net take online classes.
computer|Over-all a good product. The power cord insert needs improvement -- power cord does not insert smoothly into the computer and needs to be manipulated before it inserts -- I am afraid that it may break down soon.The scroll pad is very sensitive and the scrolling up/down works erratically.When I bought this product I thought Windows 7 was included but when I called Acer -- they said that it was not included.
computer|Real happy with this purchase. It feels so good not to spend so much money and get as much, if not more of the more expensive brands. And yes, Windows 7 rocks!
computer|For less than [...] this little laptop is a great buy with all the bells & whistles you could want in a basic computer, lots of ram-an all around great deal! I bought this as a gift for a friend & she loves it. Top it off with free shipping & what more could you ask for? Great items like this is why I shop so much at Amazon.com.
computer|The Acer 1805 arrived in a timely manner. Start up was easy. It seems to be a very good machine for a great price. The mouse pad seems a bit touchy and it launches apps without me double clicking, but perhaps that is just me and W7.
computer|This would be an otherwise good review, but the power switch has become marginally operative after just 60 days (outside the return window - go figure.)So when the machine DOES power on, it is a good computer, but the mechanics of such a basic part as the power button should not fail after only 2 months.An aspect of low-end equipment that is frustrating to be sure...
computer|I was super pleased with how fast my laptop was delivered...opened it up and charged it... after 2 hours the battery ran down and i charged it again. it would not hold a charge. after a very lengthy phone call to the number for customer service i was instructed to send the battery back and i would receive a replacement. 4 days later it arrived and i was thrilled! charged it up again, 2 hours later it told me to recharge and it would not hold a charge. another lengthy call to customer service i was instructed to send the entire computer back for repair on the mother board. i have only had the computer for 3 weeks and have all ready had to have 2 repairs. I suppose my unit could be a lemon. who knows?
computer|This is a very nice low-end laptop. I bought it for my daughter as an early Christmas present. She's been using it daily and has had no issues with the unit. The only issue I've had is with the pre-installed virus protection program, which did catch and isolate a number of potentially damaging viruses, but then would not allow me to install Norton 360 until I paid money ($79.95) to wipe them out. So, instead of just paying $39.95 for Norton (Staples), I had to buy the installed program as well. Being a Mac guy myself, I find PCs VERY annoying in general. Of course, one cannot purchase any Mac laptop for this budget price.I would recommend to anyone purchasing this unit that they install Norton 360 right from the start and can the pre-installed programs.
computer|A pretty good machine for office use and Internet. Might want a Dual Core for video editing and multimedia creation.And the main thing these days - it's VERY GOOD LOOKING!
computer|This laptop does everything I expect it to.The only complaint I have is that the touch pad is not centered on the laptop. I accidentally press the touch pad when am typing quite often. It's a minor annoyance. Other than that, I haven't had any problems. This laptop is great for streaming videos, surfing the internet, etc.
computer|A really nice laptop. I use for basic tasks like web surfing, watching netflix moviews, and word processing. Takes a fair amount of abuse from kids and holds up well. Wifi reception is good. No complaints.
computer|Good laptop for the price. Picture and sound quatlity via Skype is very good. Pleased with the purchase.
computer|This is a nice looking product with good specification for the price...who will give 3 gb RAM...250 gb hard disk and a nice graphics card for such a price..none other then acer
computer|You are not going to find something better for the price. For those wondering this laptop is ubuntu compatible right out of the box. I haven't tested the webcam (not a feature I intend to use so your mileage may very there) under ubuntu and the multi touch is not functional, but other than those two areas everything so far including the wireless has worked with no problem.
computer|i bought this laptop 2 days ago and until now there is no problem. it s really smart and slim. and the sound from the speakers are impressive. but if you need so many pages on internet at the same time it might be a problem as this laptop is not dual core. the looking is excellent. i can recommend this laptop for medium users.
computer|The Acer Aspire 1805 is a great value! For under $400 you would have a hard time finding a $1000 compter with more. The computer is fast enough to just about any game. It has keys large enough so that my fat fingers don't hit two at a time. Display is great. I watched a netflix movie and the quality was great.PROS:great price - this product sells for almost $500 at walmart or radio shack.a desk top with as much would run $1100 easy.programs - not sure what else you could really use.did I mention the price was under $400? ARE YOU KIDDDING ME? 2.2ghz - 3 gb ddr3 memmory-250gb hard drive - 15.5" HD LED LCD !!!Cons:made in China - the new Japan I guessyou have to create you're own recover disk - $5 bucks worth of disk - a minor point but...BUT ARE YOU KIDDING ME ! this computer should sell for at least $600 !!
computer|The PC works great and just for the right price, this is not a machine for gaming, but a perfect student machine, type up documents, browse the net, watch videos, you name it; and its much better than buying a netbook which goes for the same price.
computer|Just got the computer delivered today!Design, size, screen, features,etc. everything exceeds what i had expected!and what a VALUE! ;)
computer|I purchased this in October 2010. Yesterday, April 2013, smoke began coming out of it and it stopped working.Previous to that I had problems with the letter G on the keyboard sometimes not working. Recently the charger plug did not "connect" with the machine (meaning I had to play with it to get the connection and the charge going.)Other than that it was fine. (I'm being sarcastic. I don't think that less than three years of use for something that I paid over $300 for is acceptable.)The size was kind of large. I will buy a smaller machine as a replacement.
computer|The Acer Aspire 5251 is a good deal if you are looking for a basic, entry level laptop. It is by no means what I call a fast, multi tasking machine, but can handle everyday applications such as word processing, internet use, music, videos and light photo editing. Having more than 2 programs open at the same time will bog it down pretty bad, the reasons are 3 fold... The processor, it is a single core 2.20MHz CPU...(a dual core CPU would be better.) The hard drive that comes installed is a slower 5400 RPM SATA drive, and the 2-3GB of RAM (depending on model)that comes preinstalled is not enough. Maxing out the RAM, and replacing the HDD with a faster 7200 RPM model will speed up the opening and closing of apps and the start up of Windows. The main thing that shines about this laptop is the screen. The screen is crisp, clear, and wide. The fact that it is an LED LCD, makes all the difference. And the battery life is real good too. It outlasts my Dell Inspiron when it comes to the batt and outshines on the display.In conclusion, this is a good, basic laptop for basic home office use, as bought from the store. However, it is upgradable to 8GB of DDR3 RAM, and a faster 7200 RPM HDD, which will speed things up, but you are limited to basic light multitasking because of the single core CPU. So if killer speed is not an issue, for the price, I would get it.
computer|Excellent product when new. works fast like lightening when new but as hard drive gets full with stored data, it becomes a wee bit slower and occasionally freezes. Still works for me and is durable. Excellent service for the price paid as its very durable.
computer|I didn't have my laptop a good 2 years and i already have problems out of it...I can't get on at all cause it cuts on and off...It never get's 2 the point were i can log in and it's really make me upset where i can't check anything on my laptop.....so i'm very upset right now where i'm thinking about getting another laptop soon...... :(
computer|If you are not be as familiar with the Acer brand but in reality it is just like the Dell or HP you've had previously. This is a good, light, affordable laptop that I have been happy with. -1 star for the screen not being *quite* as bright as I'd like.
computer|i loved this laptop when i first got it.. then the battery died (natural) so I 'attempted' to plug it in and charge it and it felt like I had to force the charger into the port to charge it.. this is a major problem because after some amount of time this would destroy that port and you would have to have it repaired which could potentially cost an arm and a leg.. well I was worried about that and about the fact that it got extremely hot and the laptop cooler didnt help and it is the same laptop cooler that works perfect with my other laptop. I got rid of this and got a compaq and part of me regrets it because I didnt realize how much I loved this Acer's keyboard.. I primarily bought this laptop for school work since I am in college online and this keyboard is very hard to type on becaise of the layout of the keys. I have had to hit backspace probably 15 times just in this message and I am normally a perfect typist... so just keep in mind the acer has a wonderful laptop but gets very hot and the power port thingy where you plug it in to charge it is junk so maybe i would say stick with acer so you get the great keyboard but try a diff model so maybe it will have a good connection and not get hot
computer|After many years with a desktop this Acer is like being liberated! Gone are the many wires and attachments and here is an awesome machine that does everything I need.Love it!
computer|Okay at first i thought The Acer was awesome but after a week of getting the product, it crashed. if this happens to you restart your computer with a system restore this worked for me..let us make it eaier on the Acer Center
computer|Thank goodness I got the extended warranty! Just when the manufacturers' warranty expired, I discovered it will not write to CD's so I cannot create my restore disks. It is not as fast as I expected. HAD I purchased it at Best Buy I could have returned the computer for a full refund within 30 days. I would have returned this after the first week, before I even knew it had CD Write problems. Now the all I can do is sell it on Craig's list or donate to charity.
computer|the caracteriticas in this product are excellent, but on reaching venezela lego split screen with them and is not ninun aja hit or abolldura, the case was with his original label. we want decr came factory defective sta bash sucks. I hate acer. RAVF po amazon agradesco that the company respond to me the return pr ofthis team, carried the request have not been comunicdo eemolso me.from venezuela
computer|Computer arrived in non-usable condition. Was supposed to have trial software which it did not. Could not install software because of faulty operating system. Repaired system, finally installed software. No help from Acer.Continued problems, locks up constantly, slow, no response. Absolutely unusable. HOURS wasted.Acer's answer is always to strip everything and restore to factory settings, which means you lose all your software. Wanted to CHARGE me for help on brand new computer. Was supposed to get call back for help, no call.Tech support in India...no help, not trained on anything but restoring to factory (they actually told me that).Don't do it. Spend the extra money to get something decent.
computer|I have had no problems with this Acer laptop. It does what it's suppose to. It's an everyday uses computer (Internet,Videos etc.) at a good price.
computer|I paid $379 for this laptop. It seems Acer or Amazon made a mistake. The computer is worth much more. All the speed and functionality you need is in it, at least for my kind of use.
computer|This is my first laptop and I am very pleased with it. The single core processor is plenty fast for me because I only use it to browse the internet and read e-mails. The full keyboard is great and the screen quality is superb.A great buy considering the features.P.S. I almost didn't buy it because of the guy that said it didn't have Numlock or caplock lights. There on the screen Moron.
computer|i bought this for $379, i bought 3 laptop for my friends and family, the price went up a ($100usd) price to high now, will buy more as the price drop back to $379,this why i give it 3 star cause amazon increase the price BLAH! amazon, please keep the price @ $379 thank youthe Laptop is great for $379 PERFECT
computer|Got this laptop to use as a backup was thinking about a netbook but then saw this laptop and the spec was pretty decent, so I decided to grab it and so far it is doing great. Some of the high lights are;-The palm rest is not one of those shiny finger print magnet so no worries about constantly wiping it.-The screen is very bright and the text comes out sharp.-Performance wise the machine is OK, it doesn't compare to those that cost $600-800 but it is a lot cheaper and can get most basic jobs done, such as surfing the Internet, listening to music, word processing and watching you tube video (I have not tried watching DVD on it, so I can't comment on that).The machine isn't perfect and does have some issues-The "Num lock" key does not automatically turn on when you boot the machine and there is no option in the bios to enable it, you have to manually press the "Num lock" to get it to work-Turning on the "Caps lock" or "Num lock" shows on the screen either an open lock or a close lock to show that the key is turn on or off, very confusing-Built in camera is not that good, and is somewhat dark even after adjusting it.Other than the num lock and the camera issue, so far I haven't found any major fault with this laptop, it is great for its price range.
computer|I bought this computer and i got it the next day.I am very impressed for the pricing of the unit.Cons:1. The touch pad is not centered and is too far to the left of the unit, which for right handed uses you will have to strain to use it, and i have long arms.2. The touch pad click buttons are not seperated and is one unit, so you cannot touch the center of it, which takes some getting used to.3. there is no "set" volume or mute keys..you have to manually press the Fn button and hold while pressing the up and down arrows. --- pretty annoying.4. SD memory card slot is in the front?Pros:1. great value2. big crystal clear screen3. HDMI output- very impressed by this4. quick response5. good battery life.
computer|Great graphics, excellent size display for viewing movies, pictures etc. They come loaded with all of the bells and whistles, the only thing I added was Windows Office. I have not had any use with smart phones etc, so it has taken me a while to get used to the fast response of the mouse pad and all of the different ways you can use it, but once I understood how it works, it is quite easy to get around inside a document etc.I was toying with the 10 inch Acer, but am so pleased I upgraded to this 15 inch....I love it! This is a terrific little laptop and the price was excellent.
computer|I purchased this laptop about a week ago because my Dell was starting to go. Iv'e only had this for 5 days but I already love it and it is 50x better than my Dell ever was. The volume is great as well as the screen; it's HD so everything is crystal clear! Also, it says it's around 5 lbs but it feels a lot lighter. I have already recommended this to a few friends and I would recommend to anyone looking to buy it that it is worth a lot more than the $379 i paid. So if your looking for a low priced, good quality laptop you should get this one!
computer|I received this laptop as a gift and was so pleased I bought another one for a friend. The picture is clear and the setup is easy. I was able to access my wireless connection the moment I turned on the computer. The battery life is great.
computer|The laptop is worth every penny. I have a toddler who spilt water over my previous expensive laptop. This time I wanted to play safe and was looking for a laptop for less than 400 but with all the good features. I like this one. Only drawback I guess is the battery doesnt last too long after charging ..
computer|This Acer Aspire AS5251-1805 15.6-Inch Laptop is awesome, I like the wide screen & it holds a very great charge with the battery. I'll recommend this product to anyone and the price was just right for me.
computer|Features and performance can not be beat for $379. Quality built is exellent, the LCD display is sharp and bright. Overall outstanding laptop!
computer|for the price the design. etc... etc... its super worth $379. almost was going to finance a 2k 15 inch macbook pro. for what to surf the hinternet the sae as this notebook.....
computer|We use this computer for word processing, excel spreadsheets and surfing the web. For our families purposes this is a great computer for the price.
computer|Acer Aspire AS5251-1805 15.6-Inch Laptop (Black)Highly recommended, I have not had any problems, the truth is that it is very reliable, I have been very satisfied.GreetingsAlejandro
computer|Bought this laptop for my 75 year old father so he can communicate with my sister and me using webcam & voice chat and occasionally do some spreadsheets.Its a pretty good laptop for the price has an HDMI port and 250Gb is enough for photos and video.3G memory is enough but can be expanded if needed.The display is crisp .I tried playing a couple of movies and was amazed with the sound and video quality.I wish this could have been a dual core AMD but i knew about it before buying.The keyboard and touchpad are easy to use.I got my dad an external usb keyboard and optical mouse since he is not used to touchpad.Overall had it for almost a month now no complaints .
computer|Awesome computer and my daughter loved it. It does everything she needs it to do for school and more! Thanks!
computer|what can i say??? this laptop rocks, if you are looking for a cheap computer but with all the cool stuff of a expensive computer, this is for you, feels well, wireless works nicely and the webcam works very good.don't think it, go for it!!!
computer|worth to pay 380... i got sony vaio s series(core i5/4gb raam) in 1100 from best buy...display gone in 3 month and then i have to wait 2 month to be repaired ..i bought this one for temporary use it's not much difference in performance for common user only it's heavy but it's worth of money
computer|We bought one of these for a project, where it would be streaming HD video. Here are my impressions:What makes this model a steal at this price:- 256MB discrete ATI graphics. This makes a huge difference if you handle any HD video, and it's usually a very pricey option.- Windows 7 Home Premium. $99 retail on its own.- A true 16:9 720p LED-backlit screen.- Built-in webcam- 3GB DDR3 RAM. Again, at this price you'd expect less.- A plethora of ports. HDMI, VGA, gigabit ethernet, media card reader.If I didn't know the price tag, some things I would complain about would be:- Keyboard feels cheap- Trackpad is off-center and small- Display, while hi-res and vivid, gives a slight screen-door effect at short distance- No threaded holes in VGA port (sadly this is becoming industry-standard)- Ethernet port has very little clearance around it. We weren't able to plug some of our cords in because their rubber shielding was too thick.A quick aside- the previous poster mentioned the HDD and RAM displaying lower values than advertised; this is something you will find with any computer you buy. Hard drives GB's are measured in base-10 for advertising, meaning 1MB is 1000 bytes. Windows measures memory in base-2, meaning there are 1048 bytes to 1MB. Misleading? A little. But literally every hard drive manufacturer does this. RAM availability is again a function of the OS. Windows7 Home Premium is 32 bits. What this means for RAM is that it can only access a certain amount, and upon startup it assigns a certain amount to memory-mapped I/O devices such as BIOS and PCI bus. Thankfully since this machine has an extra 256MB on the video card, you won't get too much of your main RAM "stolen" compared to other models.All in all, it's well worth the price. For us, we ordered it via Prime and got it the next day. You can't beat that.
computer|I have had this laptop for two weeks, and I am very impressed with it. Not a single glitch. Wireless works just fine out of the box. The other day, I was pressed for a deadline to finish resizing three hundred images for my stock agent. I split the image files 50/50 running my desk top computer and my new Acer laptop at the same time. I used "Genuine Fractals", a plug-in running at the same time with Photoshop CS2 in order to enlarge each image from 20 MB to as high as 120 MB. This little computer handled these heavy duty software programs just fine.
computer|Had this computer for a few weeks now, and it's an excellent value for the price. My only real complaint with the design is that it is harder than it should be to plug the power into the computer, you have to work it in. Other than that everything about this computer is great. I paid the same amount of money for my Asus netbook 2 years ago, and this computer is much better in every way (but size).
computer|Great value, performs excellent! Keyboard a bit funky but not terrible. All features work great! It was for my kids and they love it.
computer|I've had this laptop for about 6 wks now, I wanted to wait a bit to do an accurate review. It arrived and was packaged great, i had it out of the box and setup ready-to-use within 20 minutes.. The appearance is great, screen is very clear and flat. Keyboard is sleek and easy to use. Windows 7 is great, and the speed of the laptop is fast even without a dual processor. I think the only thing I dislike about this laptop is the battery life. It runs for about 2 hrs, but then again it charges really fast and the battery can always be replaced with a better one. This laptop is worth the price and the quality of it is better than some of my friends laptops' that they purchased for double the price. Love it :)
computer|I got this computer for general use, video chat and to work from home. Overall it functions really well for all of these uses. The big screen is conveient and the Windows 7 is really great. The only bad things i could say about it is the built-in microphone is decent but you have to be talking up close to be heard clearly. Also, the mouse is kind of unresponsive which is annoying, though the "smart mouse" funtions are pretty cool (similar to apple mouse). On the whole I'm very happy with this computer!
computer|I am glad I got the HDMI output for my TV; it works better and easier than I expected.
computer|I'm a Mac man apple for 15 years. But I had to help my roommate replace her laptop which she lives on .. Downloads. Movies work and play she never puts it down and it's going strong. The HDMI output along with dual layer DVD burner is a mega plus. And it looks and feels great. I liked it soo much I bought another for my ex girlfriend for her to do her school work .. Great laptop for such a small price ..
computer|Excelent laptop, I am a student, and this notebook exceeded all my expectations. Amazon as always, did a fast and efficient shipping. I'm happy with my new computer!
computer|Can't beat this deal for the price. Sure beat my old HP that I paid 3x as much. Highly recommend.
computer|Amazing laptop for an amazing price. I've had this laptop for over a month now and I've yet to find anything I don't like. This was by far the best deal I've seen in a very long time.
computer|I thought this was an excellent value. Came to my home in record time. Everything was as it was stated. Would buy again.
computer|This is a great computer for the price. The stats really speak for themselves, it's a full-fledged laptop for essentially netbook price. Having had it for about a month now, I haven't had any of the problems that have bothered earlier reviewers, with one exception: the speakers tend to be very quiet, even at max volume. If you plan to watch video on this laptop, you'll need earphones or an absolutely silent room.
computer|I got this package and open it, and .... the a third of the LCD is not working, just showing black... Second bad experience with amazon in a day.
computer|The product gets very "slow" at times when it seeks to do something on its own. Buttons are pushed by just placing your hands on the key board and documents you are working on get changed, erased, and other mistakes. Placement of the number pad and related keys under the number pad are getting in the way all the time. I find that I am adjusting my "feel" for the key board almost all the time and the "indicator" on the center keys is not large enough to be quickly determined.It has been several more months since I purchased the laptop. The "flat" keyboard is more of a problem than I first thought. A constant adjustment of hand position is necessary and a need to keep an 'eye' on the key board is also necessary. One must also keep the keyboard in their mind else you will lose your place and ended up writing 'crap'.the 'mouse jumps when the keyboard is in use and I find that I must adjust my position respecting the text I am writing quite a bit. In short after 5 months of trying I am ready to go back to 'vista' and my old computer.I wish I had gone back to my old Dell with Vista rather than keeping this monster. It takes me 3 times as long to finish a story and proof it several times and the errors cause a lot of train of plot following.I WILL NEVER PURCHASE ANOTHER '''ACER''' COMPUTER ALSO I just learned that 'ACER' is the same company that producted the 'Gateway' computers of several years ago. IF I had known that I won't have even considered it.
computer|I've had this notebook about a month, and I keep being amazed at how well it handles everything I throw at it. I wish it had another USB port or two (not a big deal, hubs are cheap), and I wish it had a num lock/caps lock indicator light. Otherwise, it's the best computer I've ever owned.
computer|El equipo es execelente y la entrega por amazon muy eficiente. En verdad cumple con todo lo que ofrece.
computer|I got this to replace my 3 year old Toshiba and am fairly impressed with it. I loved the Toshiba but realize now it was heavier and ran much hotter than this one. I like having the full number pad when working in Excel, very convenient. The off center control pad is a little different but after a month I am used to it. For the money this is FIVE STARS!!!!!
computer|Streaming movies from Netflix are the best feature. Speed and storage are very good for this price level. No large problems however small issue which required talking to customer service and resolved pronto.
computer|Just purchased this as my second Acer machine. I had no problems receiving it and getting it up and running. It was out of the box and running in under a half hour. My previous Acer has been completely bulletproof (I want to keep it strictly for remote use, and this new one strictly for in-home use), so I have every reason to believe this new one will be as well. I only had one minor application from Vista that won't run under Windows 7, but that's all.
computer|I have had this laptop for about 2 weeks and the whole family loves it! It is super fast and was simple to setup. Highly recommended...
computer|I bought this computer a month ago and so far it's met all my expectations and it's even exceeded some, for example, I didn't think the resolution of the display was going to be so lush! The keyboard has a numeric keypad which is not common for 15.6 inch laptops, one of its most convenient features. The design is nice overall, the mesh patterned cover makes it look even nicer and it doesn't allow you to leave fingerprints all over it. The performance is great, streaming videos on the internet is a breeze and I can run multiple programs while I'm working. I got this computer when it was on discount and so far I'm very satisfied, it's great value for price... and then some!
computer|Pleased with everything. Delivery was on time, and the Acer is operating beautifully. I'm very happy with the purchase and recommend it highly.
computer|I love the HDMI output feature to the HDTV at 720p, 1080i, 1080p.The web stuff & video shows up great!The vertical scroll bar does not work reliably! I have to resolve toholding down the left pad while I scroll up and down reliability.Update: I learned to use the scroll by holding it down for second before scrolling.Wanted to try out the WI-Fi, so I bought the MediaLink wireless router.Had a hard time getting the Browser to work. Problem was the Anti-virus SW that came with it.Once I uninstalled it with the SW from the manufacturer's site, it started to work.POS McAfee was blocking it! Add/Remove could not remove it with Win7.
computer|I have never owned an Acer product before and I am very satisfied with what I see from this laptop. Aside from the processor speed,it does everything that you will need and for only $349.00! It is very well constructed and has a large screen with resolution that you would not expect at this price. Windows 7 has performed well but I only use this laptop for basic functions so I can't speak for anything outside of that. Amazon, as always delivered my order faster than their estimate and this thing was packaged well enough to survive a stagecoach delivery. I will need to purchase a new desktop soon (if for no other reason but to get rid of VISTA)and will will definitely be looking to see if Acer has what I need.
computer|Love it love it love it. What more can I say. I researched laptops before I bought this and for the price this beats them all. I basically use my computer for internet surfing and downloading music and this works great. I have wireless internet in my home and this is as fast as I have a work. Our computer tech at work told me I should spend more and get a dual processor because it might not be fast enough. Let me tell you it is plenty fast. I am very happy with my purchase and it was delivered in two days with free shipping.
computer|so i am poor, and im a college student, and i wanted an amazing laptop with enough power to run unexpensive and somewhat older games like halo, AND my main use is actually for auto cad, this thing runs it PERFECTLY!!!! this is probably the cheapest laptop you will find that can run auto cad. I wasnt expecting it to, but its also running all of my video editing software!! i love this thing
computer|I received the laptop - never having bought such a low priced laptop off of on-line I was a bit skeptical about quality. well, no surprise the laptop was not completely assembled where front pieces were not enclosed together properly. I had to adjust it to make it fit right. once booted, it worked like just like the other ones sold else where. bit slow but, I knew about the processor being slow when I purchased it. having 5 other laptops from various manufacturers (Lenovo, HP, Dell, Sony) in the house I would rate this one as low end among the ones I have but, it gets the basic work (internet browsing. etc) done.
computer|This is one of the best products on the market today.Very easy to set up and very fast.Adapts to other apps. smoothly.Nice size screen and comfortable key pad,also thinking of buying another.Cannot beat price.
computer|Top quality build with great sound and video. Light weight. Thin LCD screen. I got my about 2 month ago, so far no problem and stable.
computer|I bought this laptop for just under $400. I read that many people bought it for $100 more so I feel as though I got a great deal. It is a very good laptop for the money. It's pretty fast considering I am on a borrowed wifi connection. I LOVE the screen and how wide, clear and colorful it is. The keys are separated to where you don't end up hitting other keys. The Wifi is great on it and it's been a real gem. It's fast, comfortable to type on and excellent to watch movies on. There are many features I still have yet to figure out. I was very surprised to see a dvd, cd drive built into it. I don't even think I saw that in the specs before I bought it. It even has a webcam on it! I do like how the number keypad represents a calculator keypad, that's neat and easy to use. I also like the way the computer is designed, it gives you space to lay your wrists on it while typing. The BEST feature about it is how big it is. Overall, I am VERY pleased with this computer. I think it's still portable no matter it's size. As long as you have a bag that will fit it, it's portable. It think it's a steal. I've only had it for about a month and a half but it has done well for me. I do not have any specific technical details to add although a computer is only as good as the software that it runs on. The Windows 7 software that comes installed on it is very cool. Thanks for reading! :)
computer|Well this is a really good computerI got it for college mostly but I also enjoy playing a few games.I was able to run games likeRome: total war - High settingsPortal - high settingsFallout 3 - medium settings(you can run fallout in high setting too, but there will be extremely low lag, I'm someone who cant play with lag)so far.Looking to save $$, I recommend this lap top
computer|I was a bit skeptical on buying this laptop due to the price. I had bought a Dell netbook for around the same price and sold it because it was sooo slow. The Acer loads up in less than a minute and I can be searching the web at VERY fast speeds. The wireless works better than my $1,000 laptop. This is hands down the best laptop for the price!
computer|Very nice notebook. Light with a great screen. Overall feel is very good.
computer|I was very excited to get this laptop. The first day it was very quick, but since has slowed down consideralby. Not sure why this happens, but very frustrating when it should be running faster. I've taken programs and games off that I'm not using, but doesn't help. My HP was quicker.
computer|It is a great product. good packaging, good price,absolutely, I recommend it. . . . . . . . .
computer|Pros:- clear 15.6 inch screen, fairly lightweight for its size, fast processor, great speaker qualityCons:- web cam did not work, swivel part to open screen brokeApart from the web cam which was eventually repaired by the local Acer agent, all other cons were maybe due to handling over the years. Two years later and my daughter is still happy with this laptop.
computer|I love my laptop, I graduated high school in 2010 and wanted a laptop that would get me through my college courses. I have used it every single day for the last two years and it still works just as good as the day I received it! It does have the normal wear and tear expected after two years but I don't see myself needing a new laptop for a few more years, maybe even until I graduate again. I am a photographer, and this computer holds my thousands of pictures and thousands of songs on itunes as well. I have never had a problem with memory. I would reccomend getting Microsoft Office though, it has been a pain working with the Word Works program it comes with.
computer|Buying this notebook was a choice of cost x benefit, and it made it this purpose. I really used it a lot.
computer|I bought this for my wife as a gift and got it with an additional 100 dollars off in a flash sale so that coupled with the fact that it has never given us any major problems I couldn't really be any happier about it.As a desktop publishing, homework, research and web surfing laptop this thing is well within it's element. It does all those things well and with very good performance. It has a 15.6" HD display and plays HD movies great. If you are on the market for a laptop that can play modern 3D games then you need to spend more. This budget laptop was not made for that.The only small issue we have ever had with it has happened now on only a handful of occasions. It will lock up when trying to come out of standby. This is a fairly common issue with laptops for those who don't know that so we are not too alarmed. The problem is that you cannot turn it off even by holding down the power button when it is in this state so you have to remove the power adapter and the battery to power it off so you can restart it. Then it fires back up and works fine though and this has only happened about 4 or 5 times in the last year and a half since we bought it so again, it was worth mentioning but is not a show stopper.For the price, this thing has been a great value for us.
computer|Very good computer and nice price. Needed a laptop for work and this fit the bill. Had this for a while now and very happy with it.
computer|"Es Una Excelente Laptop y LUEGO de Varios meses de uso no le tenido ningun inconveniente. Su Pantalla de 15,5 " y Teclado sensible, buen y rapido disco duro acopa#ado de 3 Gb de ram con una bateria Que esta ofrece de 2,5 a 3 horas de trabajo. Lo unico Que le recomiendo al Vendedor (Amazon) es incorporar el lenguaje espa#ol ademas del Ingles en Windows Seven, Pensando en los Clientes Fuera de EE.UU. y ubicados en Am&eacute;rica del Sur "
computer|Bought this laptop for my young son as it seemed well-specified and well-priced, and i've had a good experience with my acer aspire one. It's a nice-looking laptop with a very classy shell and a stylish flat keyboard. My son says he would have preferred a more conventionally-shaped screen (this is 16x9 widescreen).Main problem has been the WLAN card which intermittently died and is now completely non-functional less than 10 months after purchase. I don't know if this is a particular fault with this model. Took me a while to diagnose since windows 7 claims it's still working properly despite not connecting to any functioning network. We're using a USB network adapter (also bought from amazon) instead for the time being, but it's taken the edge off what was otherwise a nice purchase. (Hey Amazon, how about replacing the WLAN card?)
computer|the specs on this thing were amazing for the price I payed and everything worked out good until the screen broke within a couple months. the laptop this replaced was with me for 5 or more years with no problems and this one just isn't as reliable. it may be only mine and others are great but next time I'm going back to Dell I think.
computer|I love my Aspire laptop. It works beautifully and I couldn't be happier, okay so the battery lasts for about 2 hours, but nothing is perfect. The keyboard is nice and easy to use and the whole machine is put together well. It makes me happy and I hog it all to myself because I use it for school and don't want anyone messing with it!!
computer|I purchased the Acer Aspire AS5251-1805 15.6 inch laptop and am very satisfied with the price, quality, and customer service from Amazon. Great purchase. It meets my need for a back up to my desktop.
computer|Not enough experience to tell much yet - really too soon to do a review, just doing this because Amazon demands it. It tends to overheat while charging, won't start until it cools - a reasonable protection, but then you can't use the machine for an hour or more. Windows 7 seems good, but the menus are different from my HP on Windows XP, so can't link remotely to my printer. Other than that, everything seems to work fine.
computer|I bought it for my kid, and she loves it! You can go wrong for this price.One Con: There is only 1 USB port on the left side near the front. So make sure you don't knock and mess up that usb port. It's all you got.
computer|I have it for a little over one year. I was happy with it until one night it got very hot and the computer shut down by itself. Because it just past the warranty time so I have to pay to get it fix. If you do not want to change the computer as frequent as every year, you should think again before you purchase laptop from Acer. I am sure they knew the problem, but they must think that $500 should not last too long. I will never buy another Acer computer again. Please tell everyone you know that this could happen to them if they buy an Acer computer
computer|I thought this was an awesome deal but i was wrong, got it and couldnt even run my virtual dj program, which plays 2 mp3 songs at the same time. Its all in the processor. dual core is the only way to go. Awesome screen, looks great, but so damn slow. sent mine back and upgraded, and cant be happier now.
computer|Acer laptops have issues with the screens dying, and their customer technical support is terrible. They do not honor their warranty and you're better off spending more and getting a quality machine by a company that is actually willing to stand behind their products.
computer|The first one of these I got had both a defectvive and a horrible set up that caused me to think ther3e was another defect. The mousepad is set up so applying pressure changes the foam size. I have wound trauma in my hand that kept causing the foam size to change. There was also intermittent sound cutout frome the music library.I exchanged it . The second one has a defect in one of the USB ports it cuts in and out intermitttent with its functionI tried to exchange it sent in a request which some how never got processed even though I am absoloutely sure I submitted itI called coustomer service they said they had no record of the request for exchange He told me I had to call Acer and verify the USB port was bad before they would exchange it So I am just sending it backI filed complaint with the Federak Trade Comission expecting rewponse from Amazon but have got no response
computer|Pro: Big screen, full size keyboard, wifi, webcam, 3gb ram, media card readerOthers: comes with microsoft works to write papers and has excel; get office if really need the extra "bells & whistles"
computer|CHECKED WITH MY "IT" GUY AND HE TOLD ME THE PACKAGE FOR THAT PRICE WAS A STEAL
computer|Rated four stars for what you get a a low price. This laptop has all the connectors-usb,ethernet,hdmi,sound output,vga-and is fast enough for my needs. the display is mediocre at best. Not good for streaming video. The 15.6 screen size is ok. I love the installed windows 7. All in all a good buy for a student (as long as they are not in engineering, science, economics, etc). Good value for surfing and home use.
computer|So far I've had it for 2 days and I'm completely in love with this thing!!! I mostly do basic computing, MS office lots of internet and video streaming and let me tell you... THIS UNIT IS AWESOME, Looks fantastic, HDMI resolution on my TV is the real deal only 1 cable i'm amazed, the overall built of the unit looks and feels of much higher end than >$400 the keyboard rocks and the resolution on the LED backlit panel is marvelous. I was a little worried about the capacity and speed of the AMD processor but trust me, WORRY NO MORE it's fantastic and this unit really delivers, is not as heavy or bulky as I thought it would be on the contrary is very thin and light for such a big display and it barely gets hot at all. So far I'm loving this, runs great makes no noise at all and Win7 works like a charm I spent like 10 min on setup and another 20 getting rid of all the bundled OEM software and I was done. I will update if I change my mind later but so far all my expectations have been exceeded. WAY TO GO ACER for making affordable computing! -- Le recomiendo esta compu a estudiantes o personas que desean una portatil con aplio display y con excelente capacidad de procesamiento yo solo hago computacion basica Office/internet y esas cosas y mucho veo peliculas por internet esta computadora es excelente y realmente se ve de muchisima mayor calidad para su precio, no se calienta casi, no es pesada ni gruesa como normalmente lo son las de este tamanno de pantalla, se las recomiendo!
computer|I love my new Acer. It has worked without any errors since I took it out of the box. Best wireless connections are wonderful. I used it through out my vacation with no problems. Three GB is plenty and the 250 gig drive is all I need. Couldn't ask for a better laptop for the price.
computer|I am a physics major at UMBC and needed a laptop for lab and to study. This laptop has worked great with the computational software I needed to download. It's fast with a great picture, and windows 7 definately a bonus. I would highly recomend this laptop for the price.
computer|It has a high-qual screen resolution, skype is cool on both audio and video, thankfully it doesn't crash when there are too many tasks at hand, unlike the Toshi I had.
computer|Really enjoyed this laptop. Windows 7 is not that difficult to use and the built in webcam works really well with Skype. The battery life is as what was stated so it's nice not to have to be plugged in to use. Having the numeric pad wasn't a big deal but really comes in handy. So far so good.
computer|Best value out there for a full sized laptop with good performance and great graphics under $400! I could not be happier with this product value. The only negative I have found it that the built in mic has to be muted when not in use, or when you close the lid if the PC is not powered off, it makes a loud feedback noise. Other than that this thing is fast, reliable and solidly built. For the price, I challenge anyone to show me another with at least a 2.2GHz processor and at least 3GB RAM? Highly recommended.Oh yeah, the HDMI port is awesome to use with Blockbuster on Demand or iTunes! Just plug your HDMI cable into your big LCD or Plasma and the full 1080p playback is amazing as the video card is plug and play so no additional configuration is necessary.Anyone that gives a negative review without having any hardware issues is crazy? For $370 delivered, this thing is beyond expectations!
computer|I am enjoying my Acer Aspire, but still learning about it. My biggest complaint is there isn't any owners manual. I for one, do need help in learning to operate this computer. Yes, there are instructions on the computer, but I would like to have information to refer to.The day to day operation is totally adequate for my needs, and the speed is very good. The Keyboard is much more sensitive then my last computer.I would recommend this product as an excellent, versatile home computer.
computer|It is a great product for the price...give it a 4because it looks a bit cheap and is missing a very minorthing like caps lock light but in general is a perfectLaptop for a child and even for adult that will useit for entertainment only.No idea about performance in gaming since have not useit for that.
computer|Very pleased with this computer. Has a full numeric keypad. Screen is really nice and colors are great. Also has a nice feature in the mousepad area to scroll up and down. Keys are not as nice as my Apple but this is also a much cheaper computer. Really good value for money and does everything I need.
computer|Acer makes good products anyway, but this laptop has proven well worth it for me. Its fast, smooth and very easy to set up. I wish I could have bought two at the special price instead of one. I give Amazon also five stars for having it on such an awesome price!
computer|1st delivery from Amazon.com was via UPS and signature-required - it had a defect. Amazon then sent a replace via Fedex with no signature required. According to Fedex, the package was left at my doorstep, a low-income neighborhood. I never received the package, but Amazon refuses to admit it made a mistake in the delivery method, American Express refuses to refund me and not pay Amazon, and after two months, I now have to try to claim the loss from Fedex. Amazon Did Not Deliver This Time.
computer|This computer was purchased for my wife, who mostly uses it for emails, newsletter publishing, and internet browsing. The Acer seems up to everything she needs and more. Startup was easy. Battery life seems adequate, at about three hours. The screen is clear and bright. For the price, what else can you ask for?
computer|For the money ($379 "out the door") this laptop is awesome. Perfect for my 14 year old who is very hard on laptops, and therefore will need another one in 2 years or less. Of course, this one does not have the latest processor or high speed disk technology, but it is more than enough for running Office apps while also listening to music, and running other homework related programs simultaneously. That's all she needs. I am very happy with this purchase and would recommend at that price to others. BTW it is nicely packaged-- plastic feels solid and the profile is thin. The top is not glossy, but more of matte finish which does not show scratches as easily.
computer|This is our first laptop with a 'glossy' screen, and that is probably our only complaint. I guess you get used to them, and the added contrast is nice. Other commenters pointed out that all the connection ports are on the side of the unit, which could be a pain if you always have something connected. The track-pad sometimes needs a bit more pressure than usual. Otherwise a nice machine ... I think spec-wise it has more than others in its price range. No reason to fear picking this one.
computer|I liked how everything worked right when I turned it on, but the mouse! is very frustrating. It is to the left of the center and it doesn't mind all the time. A little on the heavy side for a laptop, but no biggie since I don't carry it around all day. I love the quick performance and the fact I can watch movies on my TV with this one. The screen resolution is good. so far no problems, purhcased another for a family memeber.
computer|I'm a freshman in High school, and i needed a reliable computer for my rigorous academic program. I worked my tail off and saved up for this.It's a great computer. Honestly. It's fast and easy to use. The keypad is a great addition to the keyboard, and the multi touch mousepad is sent from heaven. I use the webcam to Skype and make video projects for school, it has great quality...but absolutely no built in effects. I play facebook apps sometimes, and it never freezes.Overall:Pros:The top of the computer is virtually finger print resistant.Fast, easy to use.great for typing, internet and watching video(netflix, youtube, itunes, etc.)Multi-Touch keypad is so simple.The screen is crystal clear.built in card reader is a great addition.holds a charge.Cons:Built in speakers arent that great.Power cord input isnt sturdy.no features for webcamMS office is installed...but it's the trial version. If you need MS office that another [...] bucks.Over all, i would recommend this to a friend.
computer|I am so very pleased with my new laptop computer....everyday, I learn something new about it, I am having a wonderful time working on it and playing with it, nothing but praise for this product.
computer|I bought this laptop because it was the same brand as my previous laptop and it was a goood price.Itcame with windows 7 which is a vast improvement from vista. i would highly recommend this computer for anyone
computer|I have had this computer for over a month and it is one of the best purchases I have ever made. I bought my wife a Dell at the same time I bought this one and while it does have a lot of lights and way better sound quality I paid four times as much. This computer is fast has good battery life. I bought a little wireless mouse to go with it and it is as easy to use as a desktop.
computer|the notebook was just what I was looking for . The price was right and the product met my expections. I would without a doubt tell my friends about this puchase. The new keyboards are little touchey but I have been told by my friends that all of the new notebooks seem to be the same. I am very please with the product and I use it all the time even though I have a desk top.
computer|The only positive thing I can say is when it worked, it was pretty good.From the time of delivery, the computer sounded like it had crickets inside. The computer would frequently start grinding (usually a clear sign of a pending hard drive failure) and when it went on for a while, the computer crashed. On several occasions during the two weeks that I used the computer, it would either crash, fail to wake up from sleep or fail to turn on. When that happened, it went into Windows 7 repair mode and would ofter take more than an hour to start or restart. Often when this happened, the computer would reset to a prior date and some of my settings would be lost.This is my first Acer so I don't know if I just received a lemon or it is a common problem. I returned the machine for a refund after two frustrating weeks dealing with it.
computer|Don't buy this laptop. From day 1, this thing cannot play CD, cannot recognize the CD drive, even worse than a $14 CD player. The customer support accused me broke the driver, which I absolutely did not. He even mocked at me ! No wonder many company move the customer support to India. Very bad customer service.
computer|This is a great item for what you pay for! I bought this laptop for school and have not been disappointed. The wifi is great, however it is not meant for streaming video. It does ok, but can be a little choppy here and there when trying to watch an episode. I have many nursing textbooks and programs r/t school downloaded on it, which has not slowed it down at all. The battery hasn't given me any problems, nor have I had any problems with overheating. I have recently purchased a cooling pad (just in case)since it has an AMD processor. I use it for several hours at a time and it works great for what I need!Just read the reviews and know what you pay for. It's a great deal if you're on a budget and have realistic expectations.
computer|I bought it for my 3-year old kid. He is kind of music and game lover and tech-man. Since he broke one of my laptops and I have been afraid of my next laptop being continually broken by him. So far, he love it because of a large screen, a good sound and more importantly he can play on it without my interruption. Considering its price and what it offer to, I think it is a good deal, not only for my kid but also for other who just need a laptop for daily use.
computer|or as in most cases, you get what you should have been paying for anyway. I'm the type of person that thinks everything is overpriced and if I can find a deal somewhere , usually that means that is the price it should have been from the get go.In comes the Acer. As of writing it is $379. For what you get (15in, optical drive, memory, and input ports) it's a great bargain. I was going to get a netbook before getting this but since the sale put the Acer around a netbooks price it was a no brainer. I wasn't looking for something as big as this but it's a tradeoff. Smaller screen vs better processor and memory. So I got the Acer and it is a nice system. Gotta get used to Vista (I miss XP's design)The LCD screen is nothing to write home about. The viewing angle is VEEERRRRYYY slim. Like if you move your head even slightly you will see that the back lighting isn't uniform and the crystals will change color (think the black levels turning either to dark or too bright; or turn into a negative) It's not SOO bad but it is annoying. So you won't get the contrast of a high quality LCD , but hey it's only $379. Usually you just see that the black levels are not as dark as they could be. Which LCD has always struggled with but is more apparent on this one.*another little niggle is the wideness of the screen. Maybe it's just me but the screen is really wide. Changing the resolution so that the screen isn't as wide just adds pillar bars (black bars on the sides) Some videos end up stretching when in full screen. Which is weird. I've had a Powerbook years ago and the width of the screen was never a problem with videos. But I haven't used a DVD or video file yet. so whatever. The thing is cheap and I wasn't going to use this as a desktop replacement.So Just two little annoyances but for the price it is a much better purchase if you are looking for a netbook, if ONLY for the processor speeds. The LCDs on the Dell minis are really great and much better than this one. But you can do much more with this one though. So I guess it's up to you if the price is right.
computer|I am very please with this computer. Amazingly easy to set up, fast, simple.... its better than the HP laptop I bought last year at twice the price.... Bought it for my technofobe husband and he can use it!
computer|This product has taken some getting used to but seems to be working fine. I would recommend this product for anyone looking for a PC in this price range.
computer|I like the Acer Aspire for the price! its not the fastest..but it serves my purpose well! I needed a cheap laptop with hdmi port! And I found it! Nice Picture quality! Good Job Acer on the budget friendly laptop!
computer|It's everything it said it was. I have absolultely nothing bad to say about the laptop. I highly recommened it.
computer|At the beginning, I doubt this not book maybe slow for the CPU is from AMD. I agree its great after I tried some video. It's light in weight, easy in operation. I don't feel difference than my ACER ASPIRE 6935. It looks like a perfect notebook for me.
computer|This laptop was a great purchase for me, price was perfect and it is working very well.Only trouble I had is that I live in Mexico and I had to ask a friend to bring it alongfor me, it is a shame you can't deliver to my country.
computer|Not a "geek', but so far the Acer has performed well. With the 16 X 9 screen, however one might wish to consider the 17 inch screen (mine is the 15+)to get the vertical height needed to display, at a decent size for older viewers, forms and items displayed on an 8.5 X 11 "page". The display quality is decent, the "on-board" speakers are good. I will purchase chips to max the memory. One dislike is the pre-loaded software that is offered on a trial basis and the MS Works that have advertisements, supposedly to allow the software to be provided at a lessor price (it consumes room I would prefer to use, such as spreadsheet applications. I would not hesitate to buy another Acer, Aspire, but would certainly order the larger screen-size, if use is mainly as a desk-top replacement.
computer|Unit arrived 4 weeks ago. Beautiful display and very nice keyboard. Ran slow. Determined that Windows 7 was unable to access all the installed memory. Went to return, but Amazon didn't have more available at same price.So, started a frustrating process of dealing with Acer service. Spent 2 hours on phone with tech support, including re-install of s/w to factory condition. Of course, no fix as h/w problem.Sent unit to Acer service. 10 days later, unit back - exactly the same problem and all Acer did was reinstall o/s again!More wasted hours on phone. Acer sent a memory module - but no fix.More time on phone to useless foreigners who didn't even have access to a Windows 7 computer so they could see the problem I was reporting.Sent computer back again to Acer service!Sent email to VP of customer support. That got me a phone call from a service manager. Apparently Acer has found the problem (needed a new processor) and unit is on it's way back.So now 4 weeks after original delivery, still haven't got a working machine. Other Acer laptops I've purchased recently have been great, BUT ACER TECH SUPPORT AND SERVICE IS USELESS.
computer|I have had this computer for about 4 months now and I have had absolutely no problems with it. It has 3GB of RAM so it does not lack in speed whatsoever. This computer uses Windows 7 which in my opinion is much better than Vista. It is a very basic computer that does it's job very well. I am a student who uses this computer daily for writing papers, studying powerpoints, and looking up information on the internet. I would say on average I use it for about 3-6 hours per day. The only downside is that there are minimal installed programs. Microsoft works word is installed but you are able to use the Microsoft Office Word (which I prefer) for 30 days. After the 30 day trial you have to buy it if you want to continue to use it. The battery life is a little over 3 hours. The graphics are excellent as is the sound. I have recently started to do some photo editing and have found the graphics to be beneficial when doing this. I have downloaded a photo editing program, Itunes, and Microsoft Office 2010 and have not seen any decrease in speed. Even though this computer was less money than others, I have not found that it lacks in performance and I have been very pleased with it.
computer|Hi,Today am writing dis review for acer laptop which is my 1st acer one. PReviously I ws using dell inspiron 6400. I am using dis acer laptop from almost a month nd found it a gud machine. It's battery life is more than 1.5 hours on normal use. It's key pad is very comfortable intyping. FOr price of 379 dollars its a must buy machine.
computer|Bought this for my daughter. So far we have had no issues with it. Used mostly for online stuff, email, facebook, videos, etc.....No real gaming, so it is perfect for what she needs. Wish I could still get it at the $379 price we paid for it. I was thinking of getting one for myself. But, I see now they are not currently available directly from Amazon. At least not new and at that great price!
computer|Have had it for 3 weeks, and have had NO trouble with this laptop. Comes with some "Junk" software, but not as much as some pc's I have had... Fast and has a large, bright screen. Also like the keyboard. Amazon shipped fast and on time. I would recommend this to anyone wanting a decent fairly inexpensive laptop.
computer|This Acer Aspire fulfills the basic needs of anyone for a laptop computer. It's inexpensive, well-built, relatively fast, reasonably light, is quiet and has a bright, large screen. Best of all, it's supported by Amazon.com, which means that it will arrive quickly and in one piece!
computer|Overall, I think this is a decent laptop with user friendly software. Having had it for about two months now, I haven't had any of the problems that have bothered some of the earlier people reviewing, with one exception: the speakers are too quiet, even at a high volume. If you plan to watch video on this laptop, you'll need earphones or an absolutely quiet room. This is a decent computer for the price. The specifications really speak for themselves, it's a full-fledged laptop for essentially a cheap price.
computer|I'll keep the review simple and short, unlike some people who feel a novel is needed to review something.I am happy with my Acer Aspire 5251 15.6 laptop;the screen is a nice size, widescreen, so its good for movies.speakers are definitely lacking in they aren't very good;the 3gigs of memory it comes with i thought was enough, isn't, it can barely run windows media player and google chrome at the same time without lagging and freezing.it has three USB ports which is cool, an HDMI which is really cool, an SD chip port card reader.the there's something wrong with the USB ports because the first time i tried connecting something, it wouldn't go in easily, and after a few times, they all are wobbly and wont stay in,yeah.the hard drive space is ok, windows 7 sucks.all in all, if all you want to do is surf the web listen to music, and type documents; get another laptop,thanks, and i still kept it short.
computer|For the price, this is a good deal. I actually purchased this for my Mother who uses it daily. It is not a speed demon or a gaming PC, but for her purposes it works wonderfully. Plays DVD's, HDMI out, beautiful LED backlit display. This laptop was a good value.
computer|I won't go into the specs of this particular laptop because it is outlined in the product description. I have wanted a full size laptop for awhile. I have two netbooks (1 acer & 1 MSI). I love my netbooks because of the portability. The only downside to netbooks is the lack of an optical drive. I had several programs that I wanted to load onto my netbook but it required a separate optical drive. It wasn't something that I wanted to deal with.So for the last year, I have been combing the internet and my local stores for a full size laptop. I did see a lot of good buys for laptops but most of the deals were for laptops that had Vista and I wasn't going to go there. I heard too many nightmare stories from professionals and regular people about the totally disappointing Vista experience. I love Windows XP but didn't want to invest in a new laptop using an old operating system. So I decided to wait it out and see what would become of Windows 7. I also wanted to get a reasonably priced laptop for my needs which include email, facebook, netflix and whatever basic stuff I needed to do online. I am not into opening multiple windows and running complex processes. This Acer Aspire 5251-1805 laptop is for someone like me.It is a stylish looking laptop with a surface that resist fingerprints. It has a numeric key pad on the right side which is great. Three usb ports, HDMI port for my tv, and an SD card reader for me to load my pictures make this more than an adequate computer for my basic needs. Now the best part of everything is the price. At $379, Amazon has outdone itself by offering the consumer a laptop that is meant for everyday use and then some. I checked out a well known big box store that is famous for rolling back their prices. I couldn't find anything with the same features I was looking for. This is a great deal, get it while you can.
computer|This is an excellent laptop for $379. Acer makes excellent laptops and this one is no different. This is my first Windows 7 computer and second Acer laptop. I have used Windows 7 before and I like the interface. Recently my dell vostro laptop started developing issues and began giving me too much trouble. That is when I started shopping and found this great laptop on Amazon for this attractive price. It only took me around 15 minutes to set everything up and later on I burned all the recovery discs and drivers. It takes time to burn all this on to 4 DVDs.Mostly I use the mac and for some of my school work I am more used to working on a Windows system and this laptop does the job well. This laptop comes well equipped with features. The graphics is very good and the sound is alright. Even with my old Acer laptop which used a technology called the Signalup technology for WiFi, it was good. Now this one comes with Nplify technology which is supposed to be really good on WiFi performance. A full sized keyboard is very convenient. There is no Caps Lock on or Num Lock on indicator. It could be useful at times. But every time it is displayed on the screen when the Caps Lock or Num Lock is turned on or off. So it is even better to those who like this feature.I do not play games on the computer and I cannot comment anything on that. Only drawback is the battery life which is not enough if the user is to stay away from a power source for long. For me this laptop is mainly for home use and for my school work and the battery life is not an issue for me. In the first two days while I tested it the battery lasted around 3 hours. Another minor issue I have is there are no USB ports on the back. Since this is a desktop replacement for me it would have been useful to have a usb port on the back to connect a printer or a USB mouse.Overall this is a great laptop. This laptop is more than enough for basic use and when technology keeps changing fast which will, then the buyer will not have to regret about having spent too much money.
computer|This laptop arrived today and I've been on it for hours...and I absolutely love it! The laptop is very quick and thin and beyond my expectations. The battery life is decent, but it can last much longer if you put it on "power saver" mode. I was able to install many things on this laptop, and yet-it still runs smoothly. This laptop is basically a steal at $379. At first, I was doubting myself on whether I should buy an Acer laptop since it's not a major brand name. However, this laptop works out perfectly and I would recommend it for everyone.UPDATESo I've been using the web camera for a while, and it's alright. It is really clear when there is a lot of light in the room. However, it gets pretty pixelated in dimmer lighting.
computer|I bought this laptop because of its value. For $379 with no tax and free shipping...you get- 2.2Ghz Single core AMD processor (enough processor speed for what I do...pay bills, surf the net, organize my pics)- 3GB DDR3 RAM (plenty for the programs I run)- 250GB HD (enough for me, I bought a 320GB portable HD for backup...Not a matter IF hard drive will fail its a matter of WHEN- 15.6in screen (nice size, not too small or to big, clear and crisp, no complaints)- HDMI output (I like this, allows you to connect to LCD TV and watch on your videos, audio comes through nicely to TV)- Wireless 802.11bgn (I think my router is still the G version. Router is on the 2nd floor and I use laptop on 1st floor. Signal strength is about 2-3 bars and I have not lost the connection yet)- Multi-media card reader (It reads the Memory Stick Duo Pro with an adapter I have. I have not tried an SD card.)- Webcam (It works, don't use it much)- 3 USB (I had an issue with my nano reciever from a Microsoft Laptop mouse (3500) getting stuck in the USB. I blame Microsoft since all my other USB devices don't get stuck)- Ethernet (Nice to have as backup)- DVDR/RW drive (Watch your DVD's, burn DVD's)About the only thing missing is the built-in BlueTooth but you can get an adapter for $20 or less.Aesthetically, the laptop looks nice. The area where your wrist lay looks like brushed nickel. The plastic that surrounds the screen is shiny black plastic. When you close the laptop, the top of it has this rubbery anti-skid covering that looks like mini diamond plate. This is hard to wipe clean. If you wipe it with something moist, the water seems to stay in ridges.As someone else mentioned, there are no LED's for the CAPS LOCK and the NUM LOCK. An icon flashs on the screen for about 2 seconds when you toggle the CAPS LOCK and/or NUM LOCK.Hope this helps.
computer|The Acer seems like a nice little computer. However, fresh out of the box mine is defective. I now find I can't return it to Amazon, but must go through the manufacturer's warranty service. Be sure to read all of the fine print on returns before you order.Acer Aspire AS5251-1805 15.6-Inch Laptop (Black)
computer|This is a good computer in it's class, good value for money and I have no complaints with it.BUT when I registered the product I created an Acer Web account. Today I wanted to get some clarification on upgrades - and guess what I CAN'T login - Acer has decided (apropos of what I know not) to disable the account (it has "expired"). So I got on the line with Acer to re-up my account. There response is YOU HAVE TO CREATE A NEW ACCOUNT. I sugested they delete the account and I'll recreate it - they insist that my ONLY option is to create a new email account then a new Acer account. What a load of cobblers - they expect me to create a new email account (increasing my exposure to all kinds of nasties, including ID theft because THEY SCREWED UP). This kind of "technical" support I do NOT need! If this is the best they can do I'll be looking elsewhere for future purchases.
computer|I purchased this on sale but would have bought it anyway.This unit performs extremely well and has a lovely screen.It is so bright to me I keep the setting next to lowestwhen in daylight. The new LED screens are really bright.I ran the battery 4 times to beef it up. Now I have let itsit for two weeks. Still 100% charged.I run the battery for about 30 minutes at a time. It runsabout three hours in total. I use the internet always andthe connection uses more current so the battery life is atad shorter which can be expected. To store the batteryin home when not using it I will charge it fully, then runit down to about 37% discharged and leave it for months.I would recharge it again before taking the unit on theroad and it will work very well after a charge or two.I never run a battery until it is almost dead. Always stopthe discharge when the laptop says to plug it in.Never leave the battery sit full charge as it is not good.It is light, fast, has too much software for me. I cleanedit out using Revo uninstaller Pro and it is very fast withall the unecessary software removed. The keyboard is greatfor me as I have large hands and fingers. The numerickeypad is excellent and very well done. I use the wirelessmouse by logitech and it is a breeze to use this laptop.The AMD V-120 processor is a lot faster than many will everneed and has a lot of power as compared with all the newmulticore big daddies out there. AMD did, in fact, make thefirst processors in the original IBM PC's but most folks donot know that. AMD processors have a lot of transistors andmore means faster. I like Intel also but AMD is no slouch!!!The stereo speakers are a real plus especially that theybounce off of the screen and allow a very W I D E listeningpattern which is good for these old ears. The installedgraphics is great because it has its own dedicated ram whichmost PC's and laptops use internal ram for graphics. This oneseems to have good capability even for HD files that need alot of processing power at full screen. This machine seems tohave no trouble playing anything even youtube 720 HD files ofCCTV Erhu music from China. I had no trouble creating the 3backup reinstall dvd's with the good burner, no problemsreading any open or closed cd-r or cd-rw discs either.The high speed internet capability of this machine is asgood as any high speed PC with excellent connectioncapability and range.I will own this machine for a very long time as there isno reason for this man to buy another!!!I always run the machine at the default settings foraverage speed, and system sleep settings because I hardlyever leave it alone just idling. The only thing I changedwas the monitor to sleep after 5 minutes of inactivityand the hard disc to stop after 10 minutes of non use. Idid setup a manual screen saver using the WINDOWS 7 filewhen I leave the machine for even a quick phone call.Colonel North can even thank me for getting all of thedata from his hard drive and teaching others just howto do it many years ago. If I say a machine is a goodrunner; you can believe it is!!!!!!!!!I am a long time PC builder, PC reseller and store ownerwho had been a successful businessman from Pompton LakesN.J. way back starting in 1980!!! I had been involved incomputers many years even before that. I knew they weregoing to always be around no matter what took place.I am now in Florida and my laptop loves the warm weather.Amazon buyers did a great job selecting this one to sell!Ray C.
computer|I bought this computer because, at a promo price of $379, I just had to see what one could get in a full sized notebook. To cut to the chase, I got considerably more than I expected. It is a solid machine with a relatively short battery life, but not unusually so for this type of computer. Liked the price/size/performance parameters so much, that I promptly bought two more and gave, yes, gave, them to friends less fortunate financially than I. That was over a month ago and am using it everyday. I normally use a Mac Air but for win 7 stuff, use this machine. Since this was a promo special limited to one per person, did have to set my friends up with accounts on Amazon. Would have been nice to be able to buy, say three under my account, but such is life with promos.....at least Amazon gained two new accounts, a win all the way around.
computer|In looking for a laptop, this was about the best for the money. One of the key elements was the HDMI so I could watch on my big TV. This computer has 3 GB of DDR3 RAM, which is enough to handle the Windows 7 and an amazing leap from what I could get in a notebook for thousands of dollars only a few years ago. The screen is OK and the full keyboard a nice feature. This is probably not a good choice for a primary computer due to the anemic hard drive, but I was replacing a dead netbook and keep very little on this one. If you're looking for something to be your only computer, I think you would need more storage and, possibly, more horsepower. To play freecell, surf the web and travel, this is more than enough and at a lower price than much of the competition.
computer|This laptop is perfect for me. It has plenty of memory for the average person. The keyboard is nice for a laptop - has the number pad on the right side. There's a webcam and microphone built in. The screen is LCD, and very clear. For the average person who surfs the internet, uses email, stores pictures and uses the basic features, this is perfect.
computer|I got the laptop yesterday and have been using it steadily sense I unwrapped it. The screen is clear and bright, keys responsive and the mouse works perfectly. Windows 7 is beautiful. The network speed is great. I have input director installed on it and the main desktop making it able to have the desktop keyboard and mouse be used over the network controlling the laptop. There is no lag. Also I have been playing tv shows saved to the desktop on the laptop streaming over the network. It works very well. One bit of a problem is the os shipped in 64bit. While it seems to handle a number of 32bit programs ok I noticed some small glitches. I formatted and installed win 7 32bit. I have 3 gigs, when I get around to upgrading the memory I will put the 64 bit version back on. Most all of my programs are 32bit so its better to just change to 32bit at the moment.-------A month latter...I have been using the laptop steadily for a month. I have nothing but good things to say about the laptop. It works hard for me on all the things I do on it. I have vmware workstation and have several different oses installed. The laptop runs them all very well with no lag. This is with a setting of max 1gig for the guest os. I have a school lab for windows 2008 server and have had no problems.The battery also lasts about 3.5 hrs and the recharge is very fast.I have tested the hdmi port and it works perfectly on sound and video.-------A month and Half sense last review..Just wanted to mention this laptop does not heat up from long use. I have been encoding and processing something for about 16 hours over night and it is still cool to the touch. Laptops would usually be very hot after just a few hours. very cool. Also I noticed that the price has gone up much higher than when I bought it at $375. Very good for almost anything you want to do.
computer|Got this laptop about 2 weeks now and so far I only have a very minor problem using it. The screen is huge! I basically need new laptop for internet surf, chat, webcam, online music streaming, watch DVD and ms office application. Thought I have little difficulty on ms office application at beginning but after re-install it from Microsoft website, it works fine. Also, D: drive a bit lack of quality cause the hardware seems easily broken but the function eventually works well. I think you just have to be careful handling it. The 1.3 mp webcam works with skype, msn, yahoo messenger, web chat beta version and also with my digital camera software application. My opinion about Windows 7 is it's better than Vista because the systems are lighter and user friendly. Most of all I love the Multi-Gesture Touchpad because it's a new feature I learn. So with the price and quality of this computer, I can say it's acceptable to rate it 4 star!
computer|Hello all! I purchased this laptop because my HP had served me well, but was beaten up due to battle. It is a decent laptop, but right out of the box I notice the one thing that is bothering me is it hangs up. It gets frozen. This is odd, because it is new, and it has 2.2 processor speed. It is not good at running multiple apps, so beware. I bought it for surfing, word processing, to upload music, and manage my iphone stuff. It is ok for surfing, word processing, but not for ripping CD's or managing itunes stuff. It is just too slow for some reason. IT will get me through, but I wished I had spent just 300 more dollars and got another HP.It is not soo heavy, screen looks decent,it has a pinch feature on the touchpad, which is interesting.Good luck!
computer|This laptop is an amazing deal for the price. Have had no problems great operating system (Windows 7) The speed of the computer is great an all around stellar buy.
computer|Good Things:The CPU is plenty fast for normal internet, lame games, and watching DVDs. The black pebbled finish on the top is a welcome change from the fingerprint magnet finish on so many. 3GB of RAM is plenty. Once you uninstall all the crapware it flies. The cam is nice, the mic works well, and the speakers sound great for a laptop. The screen is amazing for a PC in this price range. It's beautiful.The Bad Things:It is so loaded with junkware. Both McAfee and Norton, MS Office demo, SQL Server, bad games, Acer Welcome, the list goes on and on. The keyboard keys look like they have exposed areas beneath them going to the actual switch mechanism. I can just see them getting full of crap and failing.If you can get rid of the crapware and install Avira Antivirus on it, it's a nice fast little machine. At this price range nothing is going to be perfect. 4 Stars only because of all the crapware, and it's an Acer. All in all I love it. Got it for the wife who had a netbook. This is so much more functional than a netbook. And don't forget the SquareTrade Warranty. Use a Coupon Code..:)
computer|I like my Acer. It's basic and clean and works with what I need. I've had a couple of problems with bringing the video screen up - sometimes I get a black screen and nothing happens, so I have to reboot. Other times it works great. So the jury is still out on it. Thus far I am happy, but I've only had it for a few months - and if it bombs, that all could change.
computer|I have been shopping for a laptop for a few weeks now. Reading the reviews on the ACER were very helpful. It arrived on schedule today. Packaging was great. The ease of setup was amazing for a non technical computer person like myself. I am very pleased with my purchase and have not found one negative thing yet. Thanks for a great product at a great price.
computer|I purchased the Acer Aspire laptop to project lecture images in my classes. It has worked well for this purpose. In retrospect I might have selected a smaller computer since the projected image on the classroom projectors has less resolution and is narrower than the laptop screen. A smaller laptop would be easier to transport and would have project just as good an image.I wish the Acer would recognize an new external screen without rebooting. If you use the Acer for this type of work, make sure that you start the projector and connect it to the Acer before turning on the laptop.
computer|This computer came yesterday thanks to one-day shipping and let me say it was worth all the $400 I paid for it. With HDMI connection and other updates makes this Acer stand against some pretty high name brands of laptops. Screen is a nice size and keyboard is spacious. I would recommend getting sometype of external hardrive to keep your computer moving fast even when adding applications such as Skype and other programs. All and all great computer
computer|Had to return it for a new hard drive 4 months after purchase, and I had to pay for the shipping. There was an issue with the drivers on the touch pad that forced me to uninstall them because I could not move the mouse while pressing any button on the keyboard, which then made the multi-touch functionality useless. While watching movies or shows online the videos would suddenly stop and force me to reload the pages, not due to internet or browser issues, but because of the computer. All around horrible machine, I will never purchase an Acer again.
computer|Excellent product but a Blu-ray drive would have been nice in the unit. This has been the only complaint from my nephew to whom I gave it as a present. Original was damaged by shipper but Amazon replaced it no questions asked. Thanks Amazon...
computer|I pretty much just got this because it was cheap, well reviewed, and I wanted a laptop I could listen to my music on or play the occasional game with. This suits my needs, although to be honest the speakers are a little lacking. However I have had it for several months now and it hasn't disappointed. Overall, for the money it was a smart investment which I do not regret at all.
computer|Es un computadora muy amigable para los que necesitamos manejar programas basicos. El teclado es comodo, la pantalla tiene una resolucion excelente y aun con una conexion no muy rapida de internet se desenvuelve perfectamente. La bateria tiene una duracion optima, sobretodo para aquellos que usamos las computadoras como instrumentos de trabajo. No se si para bajar musica, peliculas, etc... sera la computadora ideal porque como explique no la uso con ese fin. Llevo con ella 4 meses y no he tenido el primer inconveniente, incluso para mi hija de 4 a~nos ha resultado facil de manejar para sus juegos basicos. La compre por menos de 400$ y considero fue una EXCELENTE INVERSION.
computer|I got it for my daughter in collage. The keyboard is coming apart. This is the reply I got."Thank you for contacting Acer America. I'll be happy to assist you. We have verified your serial number and found that your system is in warranty and registered in our database. As per your mail we understand that you are experiencing an issue with keyboard. I apologize for the inconvenience that you have experienced.We also understand that you need an email address to discuss the warranty service policy. Please be informed that, we have our authorized depot repair center for US residents located at Temple, Texas only.In order to get the warranty privileges, you need to send the system to our authorized depot repair center. We regret to inform you that, we don't have an another email address for policy discussions other than this technical email support forum."You have to be kidding me. What good is the warranty? This was my third and last ACER product.
computer|Hello i writte cause i buy this lapto and i less that one year the hard disk dont work anymore and i lost all my information and if a buy a new hard disk i need to bought a new licence for my windows 7 i dont if the product was refurbished or what happen, cause my computer never out from my home.
computer|I've had my Aspire for about 4 months now. I bought it to replace an ancient 5 year old Gateway laptop. For the most part I really Love it. Its got a very sleek, thin design. The thing I dont like about most laptops is the numers are all along the top of the keyboard and having the extra long keyboard with the numbers on the side (like a regular desktop keyboard) is awesome for me. It makes life so much easier. The performance is great for me. I dont do a lot of stuff with my laptop. Mostly I use it for email, browsing, downloading music, the typical rookie stuff. It takes about 8 minutes to download an entire album, 10 if Im downloading a few at once which is pretty good for me. I've downloaded quite a lot of music and some movies already but it doesnt seem to be slowing down at ALL. There are some programs that were already on the computer when I purchased it but I deleted everything I didnt need and that helps a lot. I love my windows 7. Its functional and easy and more organised. The picture quality is awesome! The ONLY DOWNSIDE to this computer is it's wireless range. I share my upstairs neighbor's intenet and while my ancient computer got internet in any part of the apartment and my husband's semi-ancient computer also gets excelent range this one does not. If im sitting on the sofa one the end closest to the window on the side of the apartment where she plugs in the modem I get service. If I slide over to the other end of the sofa or go to another room I lose signal. If im in the dining room I have to open the front door to get signal. Its really annoying. BUT overall I really love this computer!
computer|The Acer Aspire AS5251-1805 is a good budget laptop that is quite capable of handling routine day-to-day use. We purchased it from Amazon.com on sale for $379, about $100 off the list price. I am an IT student and was in need of a new laptop that I could use on a daily basis, both at home and school. The positive reviews in Amazon are what convinced me to buy it.When closed, the top (back of the display) has a nice carbon-fiber-look cover. When open, the display bezel is shiny black plastic that tends to reflect a lot of light. The keyboard bezel is made to look like brushed aluminum or stainless steel. The texture even lends to this appearance.The AMD V120 (2.2 GHz, 64-bit, single-core) processor runs at only 25W and the cooling fan makes very little noise. This is a relatively cool and quiet running computer. Even as a single-core, the processor is quite capable for day-to-day use.It came with 3 GB of SDRAM, which is sufficient for most purposes, but does not lend to overwhelming performance. The chipset allows for up to 8 GB of 1066 MHz SDRAM by installing a pair of 4 GB SODIMMs. With 3 GB of SDRAM, the SODIMMs were mismatched - one 1 GB and one 2 GB, running at different speeds.The processor and RAM combination allow me to run several virtual machines at a time using MS Virtual PC 2007 as part of my course curriculum, but overall performance is affected by sharing the RAM between what are essentially three to four computers at a time. Because of this, I found it necessary to upgrade to 4 GB of SDRAM - two matched 2 GB SODIMMs running at 1066 MHz.The 15.6" HD LED screen is large and clear with good color quality and viewing angles. It does not make the laptop so large or heavy (5.75 lbs) that it is inconvenient to carry around in a backpack. The smooth, shiny surface does tend to reflect some light, however.Graphics are handled well by the on-board ATI Radeon(tm) HD 4250 Graphics with 256 MB of dedicated system memory, and can share up to 1405 MB of system RAM. This allows for maximum resolution of 1366 x 768. The graphics and screen are relatively capable for most games, as well as viewing DVDs and streaming video.The SATA 250 GB hard drive is sufficient for most uses, but may be insufficient for users with large MP3 libraries or lots of installed games and applications. Due to space requirements, I use and external HDD for my virtual machines for school.The inclusion of a number pad on the keyboard is a nice convenience, but it causes the rest of the keyboard to be somewhat off-center. This takes a little getting used to, but is a minor inconvenience. There is even a flush-mounted multi-touch touchpad.The laptop has three USB 2.0 ports, one on the left, and two on the right. It would probably have been more comfortable to have them located on the back. However, since this is a relatively slim laptop, the location of the battery does not allow for any type of ports to be located on the back.Also included are HDMI and VGA video ports, a built-in webcam, Gigabit Ethernet port, microphone and headphone jacks, and multi-card reader (on the front).Wi-Fi is compatible with 802.11b, g and n standards.No Bluetooth is included on this model, although it may possible to install yourself, if you wish, as the motherboard does have the capability for a Bluetooth card.The multi-layer DVD-Super Multi DL drive is fast, but somewhat noisy when burning CDs or DVDs.Overall, this is a good, capable budget laptop.
computer|I use this mainly for internet and music, although I also do some light gaming (maplestory, minecraft) It works pretty well, Haven't had much trouble with it (the screen has locked up a couple times) and the built in speakers are decent. Of course being single-core it's not going to go far with gaming but everything else is quite nice. Big keyboard, and nice screen. The mouse pad is nice after some tweaking (lowering the PalmCheck) and I am very pleased with it.
computer|I own this laptop since October 2010 and I didn't have one problem with it. I use it for usual stuff as surfing the web, downloading and listening to music (serves as my home-theatre base), streaming, downloading and watching movies and little of photo and video editing - only editing has its limits.Casing is good, outside of the screen is hard plastic and after 4 months of use is doesn't have one scratch, only the inside frame of monitor is glossy so each and every touch is visible.Keyboard is island style and it's truly comfortable, spaces between keys are wide and numeric keypad is really the plus.I recommend this product to every basic user of computer, it will not disappoint.
computer|Key reasons for purchasing this Acer 5251-1805 laptop were:15.6-inch CineCrystal LED-backlit widescreen display with native 720p resolution for high-definition viewing.Very nice display!Keyboard has a nice feel to it...also has full numeric keyboard on the right side for convenient number crunching.Touchpad is good w/ nice features...but one may want to consider hooking up a mouse for faster movements.2.20 GHz AMD V Series V120 single-core processor with 512 KB L2 cache and 1066 MHz front-side bus for good multi-tasking.Corsair PC10666 RAM - 8GB, (2x4GB), DDR3, 1333MHz, SODIMM Laptop Memory, Class 9Item Number: C13-6172 Model: CMSO8GX3M2A1333C9 Price: $184.99 installed by CompUSA for free if you buy it at CompUSA. This will be my next upgrade to this system...even though the 3 GB of ram so far has been quite sufficient for the time being.250 GB SATA hard drive (5400 RPM) not bad, but an external drive is a must if one does a bit of (photo/video)graphy.I utilized a Western Digital Scorpio 2.5-Inch 500 GB SATA Internal Hard Drive WD5000BEKT (Black)Sold by: Amazon.com, LLC as an external hard drive by installing this hard drive into a Ultra U12-40526 LeatherX Hard Drive Enclosure - 2.5", SATA to eSATA/USB 2.0, 3Gbps, Aluminum Alloy and LeatheretteUltra's new Ultra U12-40526 LeatherX Hard Drive Enclosure features an eSATA/USB 2.0 interface and supports 2.5" SATA hard drives. $26.99 GREAT COMBO FOR THIS LAPTOP. Sold by CompUSA.Very Sharp look to this combo.I initially wanted to swap out the default hard drive w/ the Western Digital Scorpio 2.5-Inch 500 GB SATA Internal Hard Drive WD5000BEKT, but according to SquareTrade this would void my 3 yr ADH warranty, so the next best thing was done was to use the hard drive as an external...works quite well.The battery life is okay...I needed more power & wanted it via a universal power source...so I purchased a Energizer XP18000 Rechargeable Power Pack for Laptops ...it has a 3yr warranty & has 3 ports so I may charge my laptop, my cell phone & some other device for about $100.00 - $150.00. Many laptop batteries cost about the same amount of money, but if the laptop fails or is replaced this is the best way to go in the long run. Many adapters are included so that recharging is not an issue. The company that supplies the adapters offers 2 free ones each year w/ some shipping fees.8x SuperMulti DVDR/RW drive can also write to CD, DVD-RAM, and dual-layer (DL) DVDR discs--which can hold up to 8.5 GB of data. A definite plus w/in this low price range.Crystal Eye webcam with a built-in digital microphone that helps keep background noise levels low and minimizes echoes. Acer Video Conference Manager software supports 640 x 480 resolution online video calls.802.11b/g/n Wi-Fi CERTIFIED w/ Fast Ethernet (10/100/1000) - A Gigabyte network card is very rare find in this price range.Multi-in-1 Digital Media Card Reader compatible with Secure Digital (SD), Multimedia Card (MMC), Memory Stick (MS), Memory Stick PRO (MS PRO), xD-Picture Card (xD) -- Convenient w/ various cameras.Also, this laptop is able to utilize the Media card reader & a memory stick via Ready Boost to help speed up the system by dedicating this card for additional system caching. A nice side option.Three USB 2.0 portsHDMI high-definition audio/video output allows a single cable to transmit uncompressed high-definition video to your digital TV or LCD.This works very well w/ an AudioQuest Forest 1m (3.28 ft.) Black/Green HDMI Cable (Amazing Quality - even has Ethernet built into the HDMI cable) for $28.40 w/ an Amazon Prime account. Sold by: OneCall (seller profile)It also includes a standard VGA video output to hook up to external monitors/projectors.Make sure to make system & driver recovery disks before doing anything to the laptop. No recovery disks are included to save $ on the Acer end. It takes about an hour & three blank DVDs for the entire process.The reason it was purchased was to provide quality videoconferencing sessions & video presentations for my business.Overall, this laptop is an excellent buy.
computer|This was certainly a great buy! As far as performance is concerned, you wouldn't even notice its a single core unless you look! I've watched videos, listened to music, and played 3D games on this baby with not a single freeze or hitch. Would definitely recommend this for someone looking for a general-purpose machine. Wouldn't recommend as a gaming or graphics machine though, just cause it wasn't designed for that purpose.
computer|I needed a laptop computer, but not an expensive high end one. The Aspire was on sale for under $400. It has been a good purchase. It's not top of the line, and I need to get used to the keyboard, the keys are flat, but it is working fine.
computer|First of all, let me just say shipping was really fast, it took 2 days tops.About the laptop it self its a good one for someone who just wants to surf the net, play music, watch vids and that type of stuff.Overall its a little bigger than what I expected, but im falling in love with it day by day.I dont have a technical point of view, as I dont know much about that stuff.However set up was very easy, put in the battery, and you are on your way.Thanks to Amazon for the fast and very good serivice.
computer|Most features of the Acer aspire 5251 are good. The screen is bright and sharp, response is fast and it does what a computer ought to do. Windows 7 is the best yet version of windows. But the keyboard is difficult to use. There is not enough tactile feedback, and it is not so easy to keep one's place on the keyboard. I make more mistakes with this keyboard than with other ones. Some of the keys have been jamming in a way that they do not move, as if they are blocked. Pulling up and then pushing down has cleared this. If I had it to do again, I would choose a computer with a better keyboard, even though I may have to pay more money. If Acer had a replacement keyboard with better tactile feel and better homing feel, I would buy it.
computer|Bought this laptop and am very pleased with the 3GB memory, 350GB hard drive and the LED Screen. This laptop does everything and more that I would want for a computer. I use the computer for gaming, email and social networking. Works and looks great! I have already recommended it to all of my friends. The price from Amazon could not be beat!
computer|We purchased this laptop for my son to use mainly for school projects, email chat and internet surfing. The keyboard and the mousepad are awful. We tried to get used to it - but it is very frustrating to use and the problems are only getting worse. The space bar works about 10% of the time and the mouse pad is constantly causing the screen to expand or contract. No one uses this laptop anymore even though it has Windows 7 and all the other bells and whistles. Very disappointing.
computer|So far, this laptop has exceeded my expectations. It does everything my old laptop (which cost over $1,300) could do and more quickly. Great monitor, very bright and vibrant colors.
computer|I never expected this acer to be this good. The form factor is quite sleek and its pretty powerful.
computer|It is just a best deal to get everything you need at this price, hard to find something like this.Best for Home & office uses as well.I would recommend everybody to buy this product.
computer|Turned it on today 1-2-11 and it died. What a piece of junk! All that work lost because I didn't think a brand new computer needed to be backed up. I guess I should have bought a Sony.
computer|Its a fairly good notebook but mine have problem with the mic audio quality.There is a back ground hissing noice and distortion when I use the mic--like there is metallic fan running. It was too late for me to send it for repair as I did not check it earlier on. Now I have placed all my old file, pictures, videos and documents on it. That took 2 weeks to transfer. I was told by the rep that I will have to send this pc at my own cost, and the tech will reformat the hard drive and then try to find the problem with the mic's hardware. That will mean to backup all the data on this pc to another pc or an ext hard drive and then retransfer on this pc if they are able to fix the mic. Plus I have to ship this pc at my own cost and at my own risk. I guess I will have to live with it. Otherwise this pc works great. I wish it had bluetooth also. Has hdmi connection and webcam.
computer|The laptop is so beautiful, the stainless steal is a knockout, everyone always comments on how nice the laptop looks and the screen is HUGE which I didn't know when I bought it, it definitely makes an impression. Look-wise, the laptop definitely masquerades for one that would cost upwards of $800. I like the cool features it has like the zoom in and zoom out touch gesture ability, however... I do wish it had a dual core processor, then it would be perfect. It is definitely great for school, typing, research, but it does get a bit slower than I would prefer when you have like 5 or more windows open or operations going.. Overall I'd say great deal for the price.
computer|This is a GREAT deal. I did a lot of shopping around. I needed a laptop for extended travel outside the county. I ordered this one because I could afford to lose it. It has everything I need for entertainment and communicating with work and family while on the road. My intention was to buy another higher quality machine when I return... guess what? I don't need another machine. I bought a 2TB external hard drive for this one. I love the keyboard, the 10key is a huge pluss for me and it's soft touch. I wish it had more USB ports but I can deal with this. I've put it thru hell and it still preforms wonderfully. I bought this laptop for less than $400.00. I spent another $99.00 on the hard drive, so for under $500.00 I got a great computer that does what I need and it's not a pansy. I am MORE than please.
computer|Bought this from Amazon for $379 - an absolute steal. Accidentally broke off a few keys from the keyboard, but Acer Tech repair was awesome - shipped out and returned to me in less than 10 days with no charge for the repair.You won't win any races with this machine but web surfing, Hulu, and general home use are all easily handled by this machine.
computer|Great price, Fast machine, sleek design, crisp bright screen... really love it! decent graphics, great purchase, I've done about two months of search before I choose this model and no store or website was able to match the price at Amazon (Thank you Amazon), I just wish that they took more care in the packaging.This is my first Acer laptop, looks and feels well built, I'll follow up in the future about issues (if any!).
computer|I paid $379 delivered so the price/performance for this item was totally irresistible. It is loaded with features. The Windows 7 alone retails for half the total price of this machine - such a deal.The quality, predictably, is not great. The first week I had the power supply fail. Fortunately, it was the supply and not the jack or anything inside the laptop. I had a cheap $4 replacement floating around the closet and that solved everything without having to go through the major hassle of the return process. (It was, in fact the exact same model power supply that came with the laptop!) The unit has been working well under heavy use for five weeks now, so the quality is acceptable. The keyboard has a good feel.I suspect they can offer it for so low a price because the LCD is not very good. The viewing angle is critical and I find myself regularly moving the screen (and/or my head) until I can see things properly. If you like to work with it in your lap, holding that perfect angle will be a nuisance. Also, the resolution is somewhat low for so large a screen. But it is quite bright and works adequately for the usual tasks. If I want better resolution, such as for viewing HD video, it is really simple to just plug in the HDMI cable to a flat-screen TV. The video card can drive the TV at great resolution, and there's no messing with control panel settings. Just plug in the cable and the laptop figures how best to work with the monitor.All told, I expect to be buying Acer products again - I got much more than I paid for from this one.
computer|I ended up getting my laptop for $318 and I have to say it is well worth the money. It does everything I want and it is up-to-date and current. It hums along quite quickly. I use a wireless USB connection for internet and have had no problems.One note of caution, however. If you must have the ability to play Blu Ray, this is not the laptop for you. After having problems with not being able to play any blu ray videos I did some research and it appears that there is some issue on many Acer models with playing Blu Ray. I even purchased for $48 the upgrade to the DVD player and that did absolutely nothing. All other videos look fantastic on my Acer but I can't get Blu Rays to play at all.One other note. I got my laptop for $318 because the key for all the software did not work and they couldn't locate more software for me so we worked out a reduction. Make sure to call if you get one from Amazon and the key doesn't work. In the end, I was actually able to upgrade to Microsoft 2010 as a result for $120.0 which worked out to $40.00 after the refund I received!
computer|I just received this laptop a few weeks ago. bought for my wife who doesn't use it too much.The many times that I have use it I like. I highly recommend it. great value for the price.has a full keyboard lot os memory and a large HD.We have only incured one problem once. Could not get it to shut down, used ctrl, alt, del, but nothing. Finally took the batery out and reinstaled it after about 20 sec. or so. computer has been working fine ever since.
computer|The specs are basically nice for what you pay for. Since this machine was purchased to run Linux, I installed Ubuntu 10.10 and it runs very well. If you are interested in this machine, I strongly suggest maxing the ram when running with Windows.If there is a complaint or disappointment, it will have to be with the adapter. Plugging into the AC adapter is a bit tedious. This is the only flaw in my opinion. However, for the price, it cannot be beat.
computer|Overall a great laptop for a great price. Its perfect for checking emails/facebook/twitter etc. its a very light computer and the keyboard feels great. Ive read a few people complaining about the mouse pad. but i have yet to experience and problems with it. i was a little scared to be switching to windows 7 because i work with vista everyday, but no complaints about windows 7 thus far. i would highly recommend this computer if you want to surf the web and download music.
computer|Finally my hunt ended here!!!Started looking for laptops from 400$ went up to 1500$(apple & Hp envy) but I was not really convinced with the market pricing rather more confusing than every other buy.My hunt went for couple of weeks and everyday I was cursing myself on descision making!So I have come to a serious conclusion, back to basics like what I am expecting ?? and listed down Purpose of my usage and is youtube videos, I tune's download, Microsoft office, Skype video calling and mainly looking for other best deals in the market :)))Also may be playing some aged games like pacman and flash cricket ..hmmNever thought I can finish the line with 379.xx with all tax & postalI got this gud looking laptop delivered yesterday and well it is indeed serving my purpose with ease.All good so far and only couple of constaints I have here on hours of battery charge (which anyway will not stand good even if it is expensive laptop after an year)other one is more heat compared to lenovo in this range even this is also 100$ more too with other cons....
computer|I ordered this computer on behest of a friend for her 10 yr olds first computer. I took me about half a day to set this up using PC decrapifier (removes unwanted software) and to install essential software (Antivirus, office suite etc). For what it is worth, the kid loves it.Pros:- Surprisingly responsive- Hdmi port- Decent integrated graphics- Good battery life- Screen is decent- Good Trackpad with gestures built in- physically lighter than other 15 inch notebooksCons:- Cheap physical build, lots of flex- Budget Processor- Webcam just okConclusion: Good entry level pc at a decent price. My only real reservation is the cheap build, so make sure either you or the person you buy it is very careful with it. Would I buy this again for hypothetically for another child?....I am not sure because I have question about its durability; however, as it is, it's a decent machine.
computer|Touchpad is in awkward position, lower left side, off center and too close to the edge of the laptop. Believe it or not, developed inflammation in my thumb after several weeks of using the computer about an hour or two a day.
computer|I have this laptop for two weeks and have extensively tested it to make sure nothing is wrong with it. So far I am very satisfied with the performance as a basic, user friendly laptop. I only gave four stars because the battery performance on playing 720P HD video was less than satisfactory even with the screen off. I use this laptop to play back videos and photos via the HDMI to my HDTV with the laptop screen turned off and wifi still on. With a DVD movie the battery would last about 2 hours and 15 minutes before giving you the 7% low battery warning. At this point, if you don't plug in the power cord, it will go to sleep mode in couple minutes. With a 720P HD video, the battery would only last about 1 hour and 30 minutes before the 7% warning. The video quality on my HDTV via laptop's HDMI is excellent. I use the trial version of the Cyberlink PowerDVD Ultra.For regular use like word processing, spreadsheet, or internet, the battery will last over three hours. All my really old 32-bit MS Office, Adobe Photopshop and other old Windows XP appllications worked just fine with the 64-bit Window 7 installed in this laptop. I downloaded large trial software and games over night with screen off for more than 24-hour and the bottom was only slightly warm. For the two-week period, I never once experienced anything too hot to touch. For sure, you are not going to run Mass Effect or Crysis on this machine, but it is a great laptop for basic uses and playing back videos.
computer|I bought this laptop on sale for $399 and -- after using it for two weekends -- I'm pretty happy with it so far. The built-in web-cam allows me to finally utilize Skype to keep in touch with friends in distant places, and it's reasonably fast.There are only two things I find annoying so far: 1) The cursor jumps around sometimes for what seems like no good reason (this problem includes going back a page on the internet against my will, or opening up or moving to a page or ad simply because my cursor happened to pass over some link without clicking). 2) I can't figure out how to un-do the default setting that requires me to login with a password every blankety-blank-blank time I start the computer up, even though I'm the only person in the house and the laptop never leaves the house, and therefore no unauthorized eyes will ever get anywhere near my laptop, so what the frak purpose does this annoying setting serve?The Acer Aspire was much faster to set up (literally took just a few minutes) than a Dell laptop I'd bought earlier this year and had to send back within a month of purchase because it stopped working altogether, and so far -- apart from the annoyances listed above -- I'm finding it more than adequate to my needs.
computer|Seems stabl, has a great display, keyboard layout is great, Really just couldn't beat this price! Now only if I could figure out how to fill it's RAM capacity....
computer|I recently purchased this laptop for my in-laws to replace their 6 year old HP laptop. They have been using it for a few days now and absolutely love it! They primarily use it for web browsing, emailing and looking at video/pictures. The laptop handles all of these tasks perfectly. The screen was really a nice surprise for a sub $400 computer. Text is very sharp and easy to read. The laptop is quite speedy and handles full screen HD video fine. I highly recommend this laptop.PROS-Speedy processor-Plenty of memory-Beautiful screen-The laptop looks very nice-Large, comfortable keyboard with number pad-Plenty of inputs-Memory card readerCONS-Speakers are not very loud (they sound nice though)-No LED to notify user when caps lock is engaged (a message does quickly flash on the screen when pressed)NOTE:At $379 this is a no brainer but I just noticed that as if today the price is now $479. At 479 you can probably get something with a faster processor.
computer|Can you believe that a broke screen is not covered by the warranty? This is my daughter's laptop and she was using it at college and while watching the screen and scrolling down IT BROKE! Cracked! The computer can no longer be used and I spent $16 to send it in for warranty repair (after receiving instructions during the call for help). We TOLD them what was wrong on the phone, but when they got it they called to say it was not warranted and would cost $199 plus tax to fix it. The documents say it has a one year limited warranty, but no warranty information is available... unless you take it out of the country from which it is purchased, in this case, the United States.
computer|I love the weight of this little giant, because compared with my old Toshiba it is feather-lite. The on-board mouse pad, however, often acts on its own, with maybe a breath of air to make things happen. But the absolutely worst feature of this is Windows 7! Nothing prepares you for the lack of compatibility with programs used in XP, and the awful Windows Live Mail shares nothing with its predecessors like Outlook or Outlook Express. Even importing my address book used up hours of time putting names back with the addresses. It just doesn't make life easier! Given the choice, I'd upgrade my old laptop, had I but known what 7 was like. It has taken weeks for me to get programs sorted out, and even today there are utilities that don't function the way one would expect in a 2010 computer. As for the "extras" that come with it, such as a version of MS Works, you spend more time declining the pay-for version than actually using the free program. I use WordPerfect, and not Works or Word, but even that has had to be upgraded to a newer version because my old 6.1 isn't compatible. Mysteriously, my Palm Pilot, one of the first models, still works! Go figure. Then go buy something with Windows XP or switch to Mozilla!
computer|In case you are considering this as an entry-level PC for your tween daughter so she can watch movies and play SIMS3, but are worried if it has enough graphics punch to play SIMS3, rest assured it does. We got this for my daughter's BD and it works just great, and she has been playing SIMS3 ever since with no trouble. It also has an HDMI out, unlike the Toshiba we purchased for ourselves. I'm fairly certain we're going to return the Toshiba and get this, which has a bigger screen and HDMI out. I'm not sure how it woudl do on some shoot-em-up game, but it works great for the basics, and is a great price.
computer|This is an excellent working laptop. I purchased it for $379. It came with 3 gigabytes of ram but is upgradeable to 8 gigabytes of ram. The hard drive runs at 5400 rpm but the operating system is fast. The amount of ram has to do with how fast the laptop boots up. It has enough memory for fast surfing,viewing DVDs and playing music for hours. It has great stereo sound. You'll need headphones or either plug your laptop into a wolfer and speakers in order to hear the quality of the soundcard that this laptop has, but it is great. If you want the laptop to start up immediately; when shutting down, use the Hibernate option instead of shut down. Hibernate mode is better than Shut Down and Standby modes. It works to start your computer up fast even when you have unplugged your laptop. I plan on updating the memory and changing to Solid State drive type later because being a Computer Technician, I always like to get the most out of computers. The money I saved by purchasing this laptop allowed me to have enough cash left over where I was able to buy a USB TV Tuner and a USB Bluetooth Adapter which adds wireless bluetooth capabilities to this laptop. You can get a TV Tuner for about $40 and a Bluetooth adapter for about $10. I'm an online University student. Now I am able to hit the road while I'm in school. You won't be disappointed by your purchase. Windows 7 operating system which comes on the laptop is much better than Windows Vista and Windows XP. No problem with Internet Explorer 8 in Windows 7.
computer|I got mine and turned it on and it did it's first time set up and everything was fine. ( By the way I checked on the Caps Lock indicator and it shows you on the screen! ) It connected to my wifi fine. But then as soon as I connected my Logitech anywhere mouse it began to " hourglass " or freeze up. I could not even " end program now " , so I reluctantly powered it down and restarted it in safe mode. I then shut it down in safe mode and turned it back on and it never would boot up to the desktop. Being that this is a new laptop ( it was properly packed as new, I didn't suspect it to be refurbished ) I wasn't about to call Acer tech support, I shouldn't have to on a new item! So I called Amazon and they are letting me send it back for a refund. I loved the way this laptop looks. The build quality looks good. When it worked ( about 10 minutes ), it seemed like it would be nice. Since there are other good reviews, I am actually tempted to get another one because $379 is such a good price for a laptop with these specs!
computer|This is an amazing buy. I got this laptop for $379 about a week ago. When I purchased it I really was not expecting much but needed a replacement for an older laptop on the brink of croaking. So far it's fabulous, more than I ever expected. The screen size and picture quality are great, keyboard and touch pad are well laid out, and no software issues yet. Windows 7 is working flawlessly, even after I removed a lot of the pre-installed programs. It also has an interesting design on the top cover and the plastic around the keyboard on the inside looks like brushed pewter.Previous reviews noted the lack of CAP lock and number lock indicator lights. They are missing but when you push the buttons there are indicators that pop up on the screen to tell you whether they are currently on or off. Another review mentioned that the computer was too heavy. It weights in at less than six pounds and is not bulky at all.Overall this is a great buy and I highly recommend this PC.
computer|After 1.5 month (when the Amazon retun deadline had passed) the AC adapter stopped working. Amazon told me to contact Acer as it's under warranty. I call the Service Phone number and as they don't recognize my serial number (as printed on the paper work I received), I don't get to talk to a live person. I proceed to go on their website and found the local service provider who in turn refer me to another company, however, they do not have the contact information for that provider. I tried googling the company which doesn't exist.So now, two months after I purchased this laptop I have to spend another $40 to buy a new AC adapter.Warranty? Yea, no. I will never buy an Acer computer again.
computer|bought the laptop for my wife so that i can buy a gaming laptop. best trade off ever. we been using a 2yr old vaio FZ640E and this acer runs a lot better.for regular web browsing and itunes. this thing works fine. we have it for about a week now and runs perfect. a little slow but what can u expect on a single core processor. Speakers are great and the finish and screen are better than the vaio. you can run multiple sites using firefox and works great. i was going to buy a net book but with the price and the capability of a laptop, u cant go wrong with the purchase. excellent buy and i recommend it to anyone.
computer|I was a little nervous purchasing the absolute lowest price laptop I could find (that still fit all my needs.) But so far this little beauty is working great. My old laptop was built in 2004 so it was severely outdated and just about anything out there would have been an upgrade.It showed up promplty, works flawlessly, and everyone who sees it comments on how nice it is.I am not a super heavy user, I don't play games and only use it for spreadsheets, word processing, surfing the net, photos, etc. I do however manage several websites and so far running multiple programs at a time has not posed a problem. I have been very impressed.
computer|Very impressed with this product. Slender, efficient and great for its price especially if you got it at the lightening deal which I did.Pros:*Extremely wide beautiful screen to view videos*WONDERFUL webcam which shows color much more nicely than my last laptop*Windows 7 rocks on this (might just rock in general)*Slim keyboard with reminders of capslock on/off*Good multitasking with multiple windows*Good for playing games*Nice wireless connection*Good Windows personalization with security settings*Trials of Microsoft Works and security software helpsCons:*Is too slow when downloading things, such as new software or a large document*Is pretty huge though not too heavy, but would still be a hassle to carry aroundRecommended for:*Home use*Someone who does not download too frequently and does not have a million files*As a new computer with more speed and efficiency, less files
computer|This PC is totally operational with no problems so far.Some things to note:1. McCafee anti-virus is annoying to deal with if you want the free Microsoft Security Essentials installed2. Bloatware stuff needs to be deleted3. Win7 has problems with some 32 bit programs and all 32 bit drivers since it is the 64 bit version4. Turn off tapping on pad to avoid false menu selection5. Programs that store files in the directory "Program Files" have their files and directories virtualized and therefore their files are hard to find by other programs (Win7 annoyance)6. Charger module gets extremely hot during charge when using computer (might be a reliability issue) -- solution, buy another charger with 90W capacity (a spare)7. Wireless is a "breeze" to use, quite easy to connect8. CD/DVD drive works nicely, though haven't tested if one can boot from this driveI like the computer so far, and the price was quite low.
computer|At $[...] (recently $[...]), this laptop is fairly priced, but no longer a bargain. Note that it has a small 512KB L2 cache. There are lots of deals on entry level laptops, so shop around for the features you want. If you're not in a hurry, wait 6 months and get more processing power for the same price. If you need one now, compare this to the HP Pavilion G42-240US and the Toshiba Satellite L655D-S5050, which are rated as good performers.Also consider upgrading to the Acer AS5551-2805, available for a few dollars more. Don't expect much tech support from Acer--their focus is on selling low cost computers.A [...] subscription is well worth the price. They offer extensive ratings of desktops and laptops, along with suggested pricing.
computer|I received the laptop today! Shipping was fast and packaging was good!This is my first laptop but I'm no stranger to computers.This laptop is great! It is very high quality and very affordable. In this tough economy Acer has made a knockout bargain.This laptop comes with a versatile platform with the amd v series cpu, ati 4250 graphics card, led lcd monitor, 3 gb of memory, and etc. The only complaint is that the cpu is kinda slow(and the keyboard does not light up). That could easily be fixed by upgrading the cpu and adding more memory. This computer is great for surfing the web and homework. But if you are a gamer that like to play intensive games then I would recommend another more powerful computer or uprade the internal components of this computer.Overall a great computer for a great bargain!
computer|Buying this laptop I just wanted to get basic machine for everyday use. All I can say now-is WOW! I absolutely love it!!! First thing you notice is how good it's built. Nothing is overdone but at the same time nothing is mising. Nice, brushed aluminum wristrest area. Very good hinges, that does not seam to fall apart any time soon. Very good screen. But the best part about this laptop is it's "upgradability". Right away I upgraded my memory to 4GB, dropped in 320GB 7200RPM hitachi HDD(this two parts I had laying around from different builds). Then on eBay I got dualcore Athlon II P320 2.1GHz 1MB cashe for $42.50 shipped... After all upgrades this laptop is just amazing!!! Basically for under $450 now I have laptop with specs well over $650. Then I went on Acer website, updated my BIOS to Version 2.00. And everything is as smooth as butter. One thing I noticed and was surprised with, is that my battery life actually improved by about 30-45min. I know this might sound like nonsence, but I think that BIOS update and better power management for dual core processor did the trick. Buy this laptop and you wont be disappointed!
computer|This is a great computer! I didn't know a lot about what to get as far as memory, but I take classes online, and I needed something that would give me enough memory to do the things I needed for school, with enough download space, and I also needed it to run fast enough to keep up with my demanding schedule. This is a great computer! You can't beat the price, and it runs really fast, and it has 250 GB HD. It has all the connectors that you need such as the USB ports and such. It has a full size keyboard which has a spring touch, so when you type, it helps to increase your speed because it pops as soon as you type. I love that! The touchpad isn't super-duper sensitive like on some laptops, and it has enough room for me to maneuver because I have large hands even for a female, but it is very forgiving and accommodating for that. Lol! Overall... great buy! And I wasn't paid to say this! I was always skeptical about reading the reviews because I thought, yeah... they're typing them up themselves until I had the opportunity to write one myself. It helped me with this purchase, and many others on Amazon. I wouldn't purchase without the reviews because what better way to check something out, than with someone who has already experienced it. Grab this one before they're all gone! Trust me, you won't be sorry. I'm not!
computer|I ordered this laptop on a whim to replace an aging HP Mini 1000 series for two reasons:A) It was cheapB) It had decent specifications (bigger screen!!) and reviews.The first reason sealed the deal for me. It was excellently priced, even if you include the netbook range.The second reason, it has decent specifications. When I received it, I was amazed by the screen. I almost feel like it can't be right for such a cheap laptop. I fired it up, and it was speedy. Naturally, there's a lot of Acer pre-loaded programs that must be removed. In all, it took me about 20 minutes to get rid of the stuff I didn't want. I grabbed Microsoft Security Essentials and it did not slow the laptop down a bit. As I got acquainted with the laptop, I was impressed by the keyboard and speed in Windows 7. I was also slightly worried about the weight, however it is not bothersome at all. The laptop is big, and I guess it spreads the weight out evenly over your lap making it seem just fine. It also does not get hot at all, slightly warm where the battery is. Don't get me wrong, you won't be playing the latest greatest games and editing videos with this laptop. The Windows Experience Index is 3.7 on this laptop. However, if you are interested in web browsing, word processing, light gaming (with the older games), music software, etc I recommend it wholeheartedly. Acer made a quality, solid product here and offered it up for cheap.My five star review comes with a solid recommendation on this laptop. I rated this laptop as a $379 dollar laptop, not as a $2000 dollar one. In this price range, I don't know how much better you can do especially if you want a larger screen for easier viewing.**Note, I do not travel with this laptop. However, I believe it wouldn't be too cumbersome to carry with you in a backpack style arrangement as it weighs five pounds.
computer|I was looking for a laptop to replace an older desktop in my house for every day use - internet, email, and light office work. Researched many from Dell to Sony and HP. Non offered the level of capability at this price. Very happy with the purchase.
computer|I purchased this laptop from Amazon when it was advertised as a one day special for a price that was $50 below that which I could find it in local stores, plus I sales tax and shipping. It has a lower end AMD single core chipset, but it is fine for browsing the web, word processing, email, editing home photos, and watching movies and streaming content online. I do a fair amount of multitasking, and having a spreadsheet, two Word documents, 3 or 4 web tabs, and Skype open at the same time don't seem to be a problem.The keyboard layout is excellent, and I am liking the chiclet style keys. I also appreciate having a full 10 key numeric keypad built-in. After stripping all of the preloaded junkware, installing a decent virus protection program, this machine performs quite well. This is my first Windows 7 computer and I am liking it much more than Vista. I still have XP on a couple of older machines, and I still like that platform, but as I learn more about what Windows 7 can do, I am liking it more and more.There are a few cons that keep this from being a 5 star review:The built-in webcam is not the highest resolution, and there is some lag, and the sound from the speakers is quite weak. My old HP laptop had much better sound quality. But I paid less than $350 for the machine, which is half of what the 5 year old HP cost, and it is much faster with more features. I am quite happy for what this Acer offers for the money.
computer|Just out of the box and it's a dandy little computer.It's as good or better than I hoped (gambled on).I'll buy another just like it in one month if this one continues to please me as it's doing now.I have limited, measured expectations for this computer. I've always expected my tower computers and big laptops to walk on water -- no more.Take note, though, I've given up on large computers because it's a software pushes hardware and hardware pushessoftware loop in our personal computer world.It's just what I was looking for, no more, no less.It's the least expensive computer I've ever bought, Apple and PC towers are now out of my life. I've bougt at least 2 dozen (I'm 63)It's not powerful, but it's got enough to run a robust software program, not a whole lot more.It worked perfect out of the box and it was online in minutes, no fuss.No one operating system runs all the different software programs I need, and I need some really big programs.So this is my last strategy, buy small laptops and use them for one and only one major program.I will stay away from multi-tasking for more than two programs.I'm running Netflix as I type and it's working just fine. I'm watching a program about the Sun.Meanwhile, I'm downloading Adobe's dreamweaver CSS5, my one large program for this computer.The clarity and sharpness of my Acer's screen beats any laptop I've ever bought (about 6).
computer|I really can't say that this will happen to you, but my computer worked fine the first day and on the second day the computer stopped turning on so I returned it for a refund.
computer|While yes this laptop is not top of the line, for $379 I feel like I stole it. Awesome keyboard and screen as noted by others, and if my wife spills coffee on it we did not smoke a $1000 laptop. For your average non-gaming computer user, this thing is fast and efficient. FIVE STARS!
computer|I bought Acer AS5251-1805 on one of the lightening deals that Amazon has these days that are valid for a short period of time...The packaging was secure and the shipping was free and uber-fast. The item arrived in 2 days upon ordering!!!About the actual laptopPros: Price/Value, Windows 7, HDMI out, discrete graphics, 250 GB HDD,At $379, the laptop is of tremendous value. I should not even talk about its cons but here it goes:Cons: Battery Life, a tad bit low for a new laptopThe processor is the new 2.20 GHz AMD V Series V120 single-core processor. This could be a bit slow for a student but for my mom, it is super slick. However, you can add another GB of Ram to make it slicker! (for around $40 more)It did take me a few hours to remove all the bloatware but I am not complaining...
computer|I've been using this Laptop PC for more than a couple of weeks now and I would give it a 3.5 out of 5 ratings. Here are my findings and opinion about it-Its a good starter / entry level Laptop that was sent well packed by Amazon. One can rightly term this LPC as "BIG BROTHER OF LITTLE NET-BOOK".BUILD - It showcases a well-build body made up of tough Plastic with a contoured dotted touch which makes it non-glossy and fingerprint resistant. Extended numeric key-pad is an added advantage, though I feel that the keybaord would accumulate dirt very fast and would mis-operate. Missing are the LED indicators for Number / Caps lock key which a "kind-of-a" is compensated by an OSD (On Screen Display) indicators which informs the user about the current state of these Keys the moment these keys are pressed but still, LED indicators would surely be the first preference for many.PROCESSOR - AMD V 120 single core with 2.2 Ghz clockspeed and 512 KB L2 cache is not a "Fast Enough" Processor compared to today's technology and customer demands, but, it well complements a Laptop thats priced below $400 (NOT $479.99). There heven't been any heating issues so far with the processor after prolonged usages ranging up to 5:00 Hrs of operation with Internet, Media player, PDF and MS Paint, Skype/Yahoo chat running in parallel.LCD - This came to me as the most surprising feature, This laptop features a wide 15.6" LED-backlit LCD that is really very crisp, clear and bright . Another thing that impressed me a lot is the steadyness/stiffness of its LCD BEZEL, unlike Dell LPC's, it really holds to its place to what ever angle you may want to set.ADD-ONs (WEBCAM/MIC/CARD READER/HDMI) - The LPC has an average performing integrated Webcam on the LCD bezel. You may not find it impressive on the very first use but, some tweaks and change in settings (Pixel resolution, Brightness, Contrast etc) will make it a bit better. In-built MIC really scores over the webcam with its good reception and quality of voice either recorded on-board or when transmitted onto the other side (when used with Skype / Yahoo voice chat). It also has a Multi-in-1 card reader along with a HDMI port something that makes it unique in its class.O/S ISNTALLATION - The LPC came pre-installed with Windows-7 Home Premium and it was really very easy to configure (or should I say, Finalize) the installation though it took the system about 15-20 mins to get fully functional.WIRELESS INTERNET - The wireless internet access was satisfactory as I couldn't find any edge over my old Dell D600 LPC with Intel Pro 2915 Wireless Mini card.OTHERS - This system comes with 3GB DDR3 RAM,out of which hardly 2 GB is available for you to run your Apps. The HDD capacity is claimed to be 250GB but available/visible Lot is only 218GB (lesser RAM and HD space are though a normal and universal phenomena). The sound quality of the inbuilt speakers is good. The system does not comes with the recovery CDs, but it does has an option to create recovery / installation CD/DVDs, which should be created at the very first use when you Log in the system.To sum up, Acer Aspire AS5251-1805 seems to be a good, above average, entry level Laptop PC with an attractive price tag that most can avail.Thanks for reading...Farah.
computer|This is not a $800 laptop, people need to keep that in perspective. Yet for $379 it is a fabulous buy. After a day of playing with it, two things stand out, the keyboard and the screen quality. The layout of the keyboard is similar to that of a much more expensive laptop, with a full numerical pad on the right. The positioning of the touchpad offset to the left takes a bit getting used to, but makes sense when one realizes that the keypad is only occasionally used. The feel of the keys is good, although after a couple of years I'm not sure they would hold up well with a typist who pounds the keyboard hard (such as a non-touch typer).My expectations were the LCD would not have the most crisp picture, but so far the images are clear and bright. I have a two year old 20" Acer monitor, and the notebook has a better picture.A few misc. comments:-The wi-fi card seems faster than other devices I have on my home network. This is an anecdotal observation, not from a real through-put test.-The touchpad needs a lot of configuring. Out of the box it seems slow to react. Playing around alot with the controls help, but so far I have not set it to personal perfection yet.-The physical presence is quite attractive, but it has a pretty big footprint (due to the large keyboard). The specs say it weights about 5.8 lbs., which I have no reason not to believe, but it feels heavy.-Written documentation from Acer is bare bones, and there is no backup disk.-Connection ports on the sides of the notebook are too close to the front. If you were hooking up monitors (espcially to the HDMI port) and a bunch of USB devices the notebook would look like a rats nest. It would not interfere with typing, but ain't going to be pretty. There are no ports in the rear.-Case seems well built. The only part of the physical shell that looks weak is the plastic strip running across the bottom of the LCD. When I pulled off the protective clear tape, the strip separated from the LCD a bit. The plastic dropped back into place without a problem, but this part of the build is sub-standard-Hard drive does not appear to be the fastest one I've ever seen (using the testing program in Win 7), but is made by Hitachi, which gives me a level of comfort.
computer|With a price tag of a netbook, this fully-fledged notebook is a steal. I purchased this notebook as a desktop replacement, and so far it has been a pleasure to use. The 15.6 inch display is very bright, which makes text and images a pleasure to view on the laptop. The build quality on the notebook is top notch. Nothing on the laptop feels cheap, and is what you would expect from a mid-range product. One feature I particularly liked about this product is that Acer opted for a non-glossy finish on the lid of the laptop. I can easily handle the notebook without worrying about greasy fingerprints covering my computer. The large keyboard with the much needed number pad makes typing a breeze.I have no qualms on the other features of the laptop. The inclusion of HDMI and gigabit ethernet is a big plus. Wireless works flawlessly on the laptop. I can easily connect to the wifi network in the house. Sound quality on the Acer is better than I expected. Obviously, sound on the laptop lacks bass, but otherwise sounds great. The processing power of the Acer isn't anything to boast about, but is more than adequate for common activities such as web browsing, viewing movies, writing papers.Pros:-Nice design and build quality-Value-Plenty of features-KeyboardCons:-A tad bit on the heavy side-Battery may be lacking for prolonged usage away from power source
computer|First of all let me preface this by saying this is not a $1000 laptop. This is a sub $400 laptop and worth every single penny.I thought I was going to write a review but after thinking about it I figured pretty much everything that needs to be said has already been said. Dollar for dollar this laptop is AWESOME! If you want a more technical review then just go back to the old reviews. They were very helpful for me when I was shopping.What I will do is provide the stuff that I didn't see in the old reviews. hopefully you'll find this as helpful. First, update EVERYTHING! Run Windows update and allow the OS to do its thing. I know you're anxious to jump on the web or start installing your software but please do the update first. I had over 30 missing updates when I ran Windows update on my laptop.Next, visit ATI and update the driver for the video card. If this is too technical for you then ask a nerd to do this for you. Updating the driver will give you more performance. Believe me, I love this lil laptop but by no means is it a power house. At the time of this review the driver date for the video card (ATI Radeon 4250) was 03/10. The most recent driver I obtained from the vendors site was 08/10.Un-install all the bloat-ware. This should be a no-brainer. Surprisingly there wasn't many on the laptop.INSTALL a real web browser! Google Chrome and Firefox are your friends. 'Nuff said.One thing I found helpful was to turn the screen brightness ALL the way down. You'll be surprised how well the screen still looks and you'll significantly improve the battery life. I've gained ~45min and in laptop terms that's a lot! Right now I average close to 4 hours of use.One almost possible disappointment with my new laptop was 1080p playback. I have a little girl so all her blu-ray DVDs are ripped and stored on my external USB drive. I was sorely disappointed when I attempted to playback one of the movies. The video playback was horribly laggy and audio was stuttering. I was close to returning this laptop. I tried different players and none would work. I finally realized the laptop was missing the necessary CODECS to play the movie back. This is highly optional but recommended if you're going to be using this laptop to playback ripped 1080p movies, download and install the latest k-lite codec pack. With this codec pack you'll be able to playback all audio and video content. I have since installed this and playback is smooth as a babys bottom.I can't think of anything else but please feel free to leave comments for this review. I'll be more than happy to answer any questions.EDIT: Oh and how can I forget. This bad boy has an HDMI port. How sweet is that? OK, now I'm done.
computer|This is not a technical review.There are reviews about product's feature, style, convenience, efficiency, innovativeness, etc. or lack thereof. Then there are reviews about lemons, which I believe could be kept in a separate category, but since Amazon reviews don't allow for that, I feel comfortable giving a 1 star for getting a lemon. Lemons should be accounted for. Basically, I received this laptop tonight (all excited, my first Acer), followed the instructions and turned it on and the first thing I see on the screen is the black screen with "Windows did not turn off properly..." I thought, 'wait a minute, shouldn't this notebook be a new one?' I called Acer and they had me perform a full system recovery. Everything went OK until it started shutting itself off repeatedly. Now it doesn't even turn on. The power button stopped working. Acer told me that I need to send it in for repairs. I declined and am returning the computer for a full refund. I wasn't going to get a warranty, so I don't want to start off with a computer with a bad history right off the bat (my feeling is that generally warranties are just cash cows for computer makers with little benefits to warranty holders).I am sure a fully functioning computer would deserve its fair share of stars. However, no lemon should deserve any star, and it should be made known to prospective buyers.
computer|Looks and feels like a high quality computer. I went from a Windows XP machine to a 13" $1200 MacBook Pro. While I like the Apple, I wanted to see how Windows 7 compared. This Acer laptop incorporates the latest and best design. The non-shiny cover is great. The screen is sharp, not as sharp as the Apple, but who would expect it to be. It compares favorably however with just about any PC laptop whatever the price. I'm amazed at how well the speakers sound - I'm not exaggerating when I say they are as good if not better than the Apple. The keyboard, as others have mentioned, is amazing too. For overall value, looks, build, features - the only thing that's missing is Bluetooth and a Firewire port - this laptop is worth almost twice the price. Another plus is that the Wi-Fi sensitivity range is as good as it gets. One last thing - the WebCam camera is 1.3 pixels, which was a pleasant surprise. It takes crisp snapshots. This isn't mentioned in the promo, possibly because it would reveal that side-by-side, the features of this laptop are as complete as their laptops which state the WebCam pixels, and are marketed at much higher prices.
computer|Great, fully functional laptop at a good price ($379 as Aug 2010)Procs-Great features at a excellent price: * integrated webcam; 250GB; Windows 7; impressive DVD writer; 3G RAM * lots of ports; full-size keyword and functional touchpad. * all available for &lt; $380; * new laptop with good warranty; * comparable laptops from [...]; [...], [...], [...] and and a few other sites were priced at a higher cost; * great, prompt help: i called at 11pm EST about an incorrect password and got free help right away.-No bloat-ware to remove-it matches the performance of an HP laptop bought > $600 about 1 yr ago!-MS office 2010 and Skype are my primary software tools: they ran without any issues.Cons:- Improved webcam quality would be nice; webcam usage in a dimly-lit room shows lots of dark background. Not an issue in a well-lit room. The workaround fix is to turn up the dimmer!I like it so much that I told lots of friends: so far, we have bought 5 laptops over 2 weeks.Love it, love it, love it.
computer|Nice laptop - just received it. Probably rates 5 stars. but still too new to tell.All the features I could ask for for such a cheap price. My initial experience:- HD screen displays great pictures and video.- Setup with wireless took all of 10 min.- Speakers sound better than my other 3 laptops(Lenovo T61, MSI, HP).- Skype video calling works fine.- seems to run cool so far (my HP Turion laptop gets very hot)- not much of 'bloat'ware that I needed to get rid of
computer|A relatively good working computer, it would suit the needs of many. It can multitask without much problem (including downloading while still on the internet, playing music, etc), and the spacious screen is fantastic, displaying the entirety of a web page without left-right scrolling. The keyboard is spacious, and the touchpad, oriented slightly to the left, is just out of the way of resting palms, which prevent accidental "clicking" while typing.The initial battery life is about 3-3 1/2 hours, and charging takes no time at all. Granted this is the way with many new computers, and I fully expect it to slow down in the near future.My only problem with this computer is its AMD processor. As a gamer, I cannot do as much as I previously could before getting this computer. This computer was designed for the average computer user in mind.All in all, a good computer, as a college student, I fully expect it to fulfill my needs of web browsing, paper writing, etc. And the add-ons of Windows 7 (the sticky notes, Microsoft Works as well as a trial version of Microsoft Office, etc) will allow for me to be able to keep more organized in my studies.
computer|We decided to upgrade an old Dell Latitude D520 with this new widescreen Acer Aspire for use in the kitchen. What a difference! The 15.6" screen provides a sharp and well color balanced display. Even though the CPU is single-core it is still speedy. Tedious to have to remove the bloatware but not unique to Acer.The machine is well constructed and the keyboard with numeric keypad as well as the touchpad are exceptionally well done. We like the fact the outside of the lid is not glossy piano black so doesn't show fingerprints. Webcam is also a nice bonus and the audio is acceptable.Considering we paid $379 in Amazon's Lightning Deal and recycled the Dell for $105 we are very pleased to have paid just $274 for the brand new laptop.It's early days but no cons so far.
