computer|since day one this computer ran slow simalar to computers 20 years ago. I called there tech support line on day two and three....there phones were down,......wow?? called them on day 4 and spoke to a foriegen tech agent from India....who could barely speak English. After they went through my computer they announced they could fix for $110.00. I hung up the phone and returned this junk computer the very same day. If you want junk without a warranty.....this is the piece of junk you should get!!!!
computer|Do not buy a laptop with Windows 8 installed. Good laptop hardware components but extremely disappointing software issues. After only 2 hours of use, windows prompted me to reboot at which time the laptop never even restarted....only a blank screen. Windows 8 has too many bugs/issues still. Do not buy!!
computer|For the price this is an ok computer. The lenovo think pad twist is the way to go. It's better in every way.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B009MPBFNU/ref=as_li_ss_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=390957&creativeASIN=B009MPBFNU&linkCode=as2&tag=amazon070f-20
computer|It was time for a new laptop. So I bought one. I have been using Windows 7 for 3 years and love everything about it. Now when I want a new laptop I'm forced to buy the new version which nothing I own is compatible with. I'm unable to find anything when I want it and after spending $467 with next day shipping Windows 8 crashes on it and leaves me with a $500 paper weight. I hadn't even had a chance to check my email or make a recovery disk, and when I tryed to make one it simply said no files available. I recently took a HP computer back to best buy because windows 8 crashed on it. If I could have this laptop with windows 7 on it I would be happier than turkey at a vegetarians house on thanks giving. All in all this is a great laptop it had all the specs I needed for what I want it for, it came packed well and very fast, that's hope the replacement is not a dud too. P.S. I called ASUS and they ran a test on it and said it was a bad copy of windows 8, great customer service by the way, and they could speak English. Wish me luck. Cursed By 8
computer|Did anyone notice the 2 supposedly Usb3.0 slots are in fact Usb2.0, all 3 Usbslots are 5 pin usb 2.0 ports ?Also, i wish this laptop had come with Win7 instead.
computer|I don't like Windows 8. I bought this fro my 11 year old daughter becasue she wanted Pink. Parental Controls are difficult.After searching the internet to learn how to deploy them some applications do nort work properply on my daughters accocunt. Unless you have a fair a mount of free time fiddle with a new non intuitive OS do not buy this. I am a programmer/developer by trade and use Microsoft Products daily. We have had it since Christmass and my daughter barelly uses it. She is back to using my laptop for homework. I am hoping to get Windows 7 on it,return it or sell it?
computer|Just got this for my wife. The only good thing so far that she likes is the color. When we set it up, i have wireless internet and it is fast fast. This laptop however takes over 5 minutes just to get to the homepage. Every time she goes to a site, it is slower then old dial-up. Tried doing dxdiag and other things but it says we got great connectivity so i have to assume the pc is crap. OK, got the low down...PC had to have been shipped with virus. Probably used and got bugged so shipped back and they resent it to me that way is my guess. It was loaded with maleware, spyware, etc. I immediatly loaded norton anti-virus and it took 5 hrs to do complete scan but runs ok now. Dunno if i would recommend this pc at this time. It seems to work fine now however. I just dont like the idea of getting bugged right out of the box.
computer|Ok I do computer forensic investigations for a living so I know a little about this. I was in a jam needed a laptop in a hurry and I got a good deal on one of these. Its my first Asus and will be my last. It will also be my last windows 8 computer ever. first the computer its full of garbage asus aps that interfere with basic operation of the computer if you don't want to use them. its slow and freezes up regularly. There are not enough bad things I can say about windows 8 to let you know what total crap it is. Windows took a great operating system (7) and tried to make it hipster apple garbage. The tiles are useless and the way you have to poke around different side bars and search out simple programs make it an actual labor just to use this piece of s..t program. Oh and if you are using your curser and slide it too far one of those annoying sidebars just comes out on the screen at you stopping you and breaking your chain of thought. That may be ok for apple geeks but those of us who actually use a computer for work just want to rip the screen off after about the twentieth time it happens. Windows 8 is a huge step backward in that it is not user friendly for anyone except kids or people who want to use those stupid tiles. I leave mine on the desk top screen all the time and basically use it like an old style word processor only with internet access. I will be buying a non Asus windows 7 computer in the near future when I do I will be destroying this one and salting the earth I bury it in.
computer|There is a design flaw with this machine. The mouse pad is super sensitive so when you type the cursor moves around the screen. I had two other people in my office use it with the same result. Our IT person adjusted the sensitivity and it improved, but frankly why bother?
computer|delivery and packing was perfect. good laptop, however, the display n keyboard is not very satisfying...display is not brilliant and numpad has very small keys..
computer|Great little laptop for the price. Nice Grapics on the LCD, sound marginal like all laptops but overall a nice quick little laptop for the moderate demands on the CPU. Windows 8 is so so but seems pretty stable so far. Not a rocket ship but a good value for the priceold user
computer|As far as the actual laptop is concerned; it's a great bang for the buck! Its fast, responsive and well built. I would recommend getting rid of the Windows 8 operating system unless your into self torture. Stick with win7 and you'll have a sweet little machine.
computer|I bought this for my daughter - she took some time getting used to windows 8 but loves the machine
computer|too many brand and price, this one I brough with 4gb mem and 750 gb hd, price is good and hope use longer this one..
computer|Very nice laptop, the only thing that I dislike is the big size and heavy weight, not easy to transport
computer|I'm currently typing this review from this laptop. It runs cool, quick, and quiet. Don't expect to play many games on this laptop, however. Also, the speakers are sub-par; there is only one and it is on the bottom of the laptop under the keyboard, which i don't understand.
computer|Excelente equipo, muy buen dise&ntilde;o, es muy r&aacute;pido el procesador, permite personalizarla bastante, muy sencilla de usar bastante c&oacute;moda adem&aacute;s de garant&iacute;a por un a&ntilde;o internacional y contra accidentes
computer|This computer was for my 8 year old, it looks fantastic. The design of the white model is very sharp all the way around. Boot is fairly quick and its fast enough to run the online games she likes to play such as jumpstart. Windows 8 is the only looser here. I fully understand how to use it as I used to have my desktop gaming machine on it, but it is a mess to try and teach an 8 year old, especially since she must go to desktop then open IE then go to her online games. Opening IE from the metro UI and trying to play her games ends in failure since it won't even allow them to load that way. I got rid of this operating system on my desktop since it had my games and benchmarks slowing down by about 5-10% but that isn't an option on this laptop. Sadly if it wasn't for this terrible operating system I would have happily given this comp 5 stars. Try to find a model with Win-7 and thank me later. That is unless you plan to buy touch screen which Win-8 was designed for.
computer|Wow this is a great product came on time & gave us everything they promised!!! I am shocked more people are not switching on over to Window's 8!!!
computer|Santa delivered this one for my daughter for Christmas. She loved the pink color and as usual will all Asus products, works perfectly...
computer|What's good: looks, speed, performance, portsWhat needs improvement: weight on higher side, wrong placement of speakers underneath the laptop which restricts sound, too many keys on the keyboard, battery backup is not impressive.
computer|I needed a laptop in the $400-$500 range. I heard good things about Asus, and I'm glad I made this decision. The keyboard feels more solid than my old Toshiba. The track pad is very sensitive, and works like my smartphone. It browses the web effortlessly, and I like the hdmi out on the side for watching videos on my big screen. I've also ran my guitar recording equipment on it flawlessly, it runs pro tools just fine. This thing comes with 4 gigs of ram, which is fine. The ram is easily accessed through a cover on the bottom, and there is an empty slot, so I plan to add 4 more gigs just because it will be cheap and easy to do.
computer|when i got this laptop everything look good until i open up the lid, first fault i noticed was the track pad.it was centered, the right side was sinked in like some just pressed down on that side and messed it all up then ship it off to me.Windows 8 ran terrable on this laptop also.I didnt like that so i just shipped it back.
computer|Love it!!! Not a fan of WINDOWS 8, but I still like the computer. This computer is awesome and works Great!!
computer|This item pleased my expectations, ASUS its so good, maybe in some days I will order a new Laptop... :)
computer|I'm REALLY upset with this computer. The touchpad is so terrible and won't stop auto clicking EVERYTHING. It's almost impossible to even do anything! Literally every 3 seconds it auto clicks something or it thinks i'm trying to "scroll" and sends me to the new awful Windows 8 main screen! There are NO options under mouse or keyboard to turn this off! I've searched online and everyones suggestions like the "elan" setting or other stuff don't even exist on here! I'm really upset that I may have to return this piece of crap computer! As I was typing this last sentence some small black window popped up saying it copied an EXE file successfully! This is out of control.....I'm going to end up deleting important files and make the computer not run. Not that I can accomplish much on it anyway!
computer|I have played with it for half a day I already dislike it.The screen has very washed-out color, I've never seen a monitor with color this bad. It also has very low resolution (I should've known), and has a dark smug the size of a quarter on the top right corner, which never goes away.Web surfing is full of hiccups. The audio I play (wait wait don't tell me on NPR.org) stops in the middle for no reason multiple times and I had to reload (I never had this problem with my other computers).When I open up more than one web page, often the 2nd page takes forever to load or does not load at all.Once I open an MP3 file, I couldn't find a way to close the program and had to end it in "program manager".It is very slow, I had to see "welcome" and wait for a long time after I log in.
computer|But Windows 8 is a stripped down bare bones OS...Plan on adding a couple hundred dollars of software. Repeat Windows 8 has no software.
computer|Not to sure we like this computer. The mous seems very cheap and windows 8 is horrable. I'm thinking of returning this model and going for a windows 7 machine.
computer|I chose this rating because for the most part it's a great computer for the money. Windows 8, vibrant blue color, cool touch surface, and long battery life features are all good. Computer is surprisingly lightweight although the body is somewhat bulky. Would like to have had back lit keyboard on this computer then it would have been rated 5-Stars!
computer|I have historically been a Dell only person, and still like Dell, however, I bought this ASUS do to the deal on it. It took a little to get used to Windows 8 and going through the setup process, but once that was done I found it easy to maneuver. The laptop is light, comfortable, and I have not had any issues with it.
computer|This computer does a nice jib. It is very fast compared to my old one. I don't really like windows 8 though.
computer|Laptop came in all one piece. Im still trying to learn windows 8 not a fan but it have some good qualities. Laptop has not gave Me problems except about four times it would turn on but display wouldn't come on ,so I had to take the battery out.I've had it for a month .
computer|love windows 8. Love the speed.was very disappointed that the case was scratched, this was suppost to be NEW. yet it was shipped with a scratch.
computer|She loves the color! Windows 8 is easy to use. Its considerably lightweight compared to my other Acer laptop. She loves it and we can hardly peel her off of it even after her homework is done
computer|I instant on feature is good, the cool touch is great, the graphics leave something to be desired. For my purposes it works great.
computer|I bought this notebook for my wife. She is very satisfied with it. Everything is great in this notebook.The only cause for 4 star is that you cannot create recovery DVDs directly by Asus program AI-Recovery. It seems that Windows 8 does not support this application, and the only way is using the recovery mechanism inside Windows 8. But, what if someone wants to install an SSD? I don't know why Asus omitted such an important program for Windows 8 machines.By the way, This is a great notebook for the money and if the recovery media isn't important for you, I highly recommend it.
computer|Nice and fast. Came fast, started to work next day. Have everything I need for a road to care it with me.
computer|The Asus laptop I ordered is perfect for school. I love it. I have had it for a little over a month and I can't seem to put it down. Windows 8 is great! It did not take me but the first day to learn it.The security features are great. I actually have three ways to unlock my laptop: pin code, picture password, or traditional password. So, if you forget one, you have two more to choose from.The only things I do on the laptop are school work, check emails, Skype, check various accounts, pay bills, and play games.The only problem I have had with it was when the screen went blue after I turned it on, which I removed the battery and held down the power button for 20 seconds (per: representative); plugged the charger in without the battery and the security screen was displayed; then I reattached the battery to the laptop... Class work as usual. Have not had any problems since. Note: static will cause this problem, so removing the battery from the laptop once a week should prevent this.Nevertheless, if school work is what you need a laptop for or just for pleasure; the Asus laptop is ideal.
computer|Great laptop, this blows my last one out of the water (Gate way FX). This is able to play the most up to date games (on lower settings)
computer|Purchase this model in red and I must say this machine is beautiful in person. Build quality is great. Love the brushed aluminium look and feel. I love large touch pad and the deign/size of the battery which is very compact. The touch pad takes some getting use to because of the many touch gestures it has but that can be disabled or uninstalled. The keyboard is a breeze to use however I wish it was one with back lighting but for the price i am ok with it.Battery lasts very long. I think over 4 hours with heavy use. Battery life could be longer since I've never allowed the battery to go completely low. The screen is pretty clear although i do wish the resolution was a bit higher. The intel i3 processor is quite capable of performing any task and it does so pretty quickly. The webcam and mic works well and i love that this laptop stays cool all the time unlike my previous hp laptop. I do not like the fact that the speakers are located at the bottom of the computer. It muffles the sound too much. Other wise the speakers are very loud.Wish they were located beneath the faux speaker grill design. Windows 8 was a pain in the behind at first but i am a fast learner and I do love the new features and look. Overall, I am very happy with this laptop. I took a gamble purchasing a computer from a company i hardly knew anything about and it was worth it. The price was right too at just $429 unlike my last HP laptop which costed $700 and barely lasted 2 & a half years. I am very content with this laptop and I highly recommend it.
computer|Pro: great price. I paid more than twice this for a very similar HP laptop 6 yrs ago. this has faster CPU & bigger drive due to the advance of tech, but lousy software eats up all the CPU advancement and you have to go out of your way to fill up any of these HDDS.Cons: wow, Win8 is a steaming pile of it. I read the negative reviews and they're all true. I have a degree & have worked in IT, so I can get around most of Win8's nonsense mainly by learning a half-dozen function keys, but I must say ...I have long known Microsoft to be a truly dumb company, but Win8's split-personality must be the single dumbest major product decision by a major US company in decades. The &#34;new coke&#34; fiasco comes to mind, but nothing else can match Win8.Other issue is the flaky touchpad, sometime too sensitive, sometimes sleepy. There are supposedly ways to adjust it, but I have searched and not found them. And it isn't just &#34;too soft&#34; or &#34;too hard&#34;. It is flaky. I think part of the flakiness comes from some of the bizarre ways Win8 wants to interpret what is happening, but part is just a touchpad that is far inferior to that on my HP.Yes, the keyboard is inferior too, but not too bad.
computer|I love the laptop but I don't like Windows 8. It is difficult to navigate and is not as user friendly as Windows 7. The laptop in and of iteself is great!
computer|Great computer slim and sleek works great have no complaints . The program is easy to comprehend and use. Yippie !
computer|This computer is fast and affordable. Great looking screen but the keyboard is laid out a little weird and takes some getting used to. I also love the cool technology feature that keeps it cold while in your lap. Dosent get too hot when holding it. I will say that windows 8 sucks for comparability and a lot of the external stuff I had on my old computer won't work with the new software. Such as keyboards and DAW's (protools)
computer|The price is great for this laptop,don't heat, it works perfect.. The only thing that I don't like is the Windows 8, and it's not possible to change it unless you change the bios too.. I think this is a dirty way to remain people using the operative system, I tried to format with Windows 7 and was impossible... I would prefer this laptop with Windows 7, and their estrategie is forcing me to use this windows that I don't like.. Advice: Don't buy a laptop with Windows 8.
computer|Wanted to stay around $400 dollars with a simple laptop, first there was the price, the color, and then the fact that it had a I3 processor. Simple, inexpensive,and very fast. I'm totally satisfied.
computer|what a great machine for the price. This computer exceeds expectations and would be a value for $100 more. The only problem I see is the 5200 rpm speed of the hard drive - and that is a small problem in the whole scheme of things.
computer|I use it for work, school, and games. I love that it is pink because it matches all my other stuff!!
computer|I have used ASUS tablets for my own use, so i figured i would give this laptop a go for my mother in law. I was impressed with the specs on this including the USB3.0 ports, the Core i-3 processor and the color was perfect for her. The price on this was very reasonable, so we gave it a go and in person it was better than expected. Snappy, light, quiet, and great battery life so far. If wife would let me i would have ordered the white one for myself ha!
computer|When it's working, this computer is fast enough for my needs and has a good amount of storage space. But it arrived defective. Every month or so, it refuses to boot up and gives me a "no boot filename received" error. The only way to fix it is to use the "Refresh PC" option. Restoring the computer to its factory settings, which is what the ASUS IT person advised me to do, didn't help the problem. As I live overseas, sending the computer back to ASUS would mean going without a computer for a month or so. Also, the mouse touchpad is way too sensitive. I had heard ASUS was a good brand, but now I'm wishing I'd gone with a different one.
computer|I have had the laptop for a few weeks now and don;t like it. I works great but: mouse pad is too sensitive, Windows 8 need a lot of getting used to, it is better suited to a touch screen device, Battery life is fair lasts a couple of hours when in useLaptop starts up fast.
computer|Did all "appropriate" research, settled on this Asus for a first-time family member laptop (on a budget). Actually bought two, one in blue and one in black. Fit and finish were...substandard. I realize it's a low-end laptop, but the touchpad (on one unit) was not properly adhered (edges actually stuck up over palmrest); and the HDD appeared to "hang" excessively and made the initial build extremely time-consuming. Kept one and returned the other. Not impressed, even for the sub-$500 laptop category. The Asus support site (drivers/firmware) was a little mysterious, with little or no background info available on the drivers/downloads. I did have to contact Asus Tech Support (via Chat) to determine how to burn Recovery (Factory Image) media, they pointed me to the native WIN 8 recovery CD application (in other words, while there's a Recovery (factory image) Partition on the HDD, there's no Asus application for burning same to a DVD in case the HDD gets corrupted/fails). There is, I think, a way to copy it to a 16GB USB stick, if you happen to have one of those lying around unused. I presume (well...hope...), given that Asus is ranked well for longevity, that it'll keep running long after all the HPs have crapped out (but that's another story...). 3 stars because out of two machines, I got one that runs reasonably well and appears to be assembled properly. To be fair to Asus, I have handled higher-end Asus machines built on this case design, and found/noticed none of the QC issues I have pointed out here; and there did not seem to be a lot of bloatware on the system (WIN 8), so cleaning it up was relatively straightforward. As always, kudos to Amazon for not sticking me in the eye during the returns process.
computer|Absolutely love my laptop! I'd been searching for probably about six months and jumped on Amazon and saw this one. Perfect price, great color, sleek design, the keys are perfect, am in love with Windows 8. The only problem is that the mouse pad is a bit confusing, but that's not the product's fault, that's just my being too lazy to figure out what all the secrets are to getting it to do what I want. Definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a nice, step-above-basic laptop.
computer|I ordered this laptop for the price, I actually am very surprised how well this laptop works. I was not prepared for windows 8, however I am learning more and more everyday.my use on this laptop is simple; research, email, shopping and you tube.at first the laptop kept &#34;restarting after updates&#34;, apparently there were a lot of updates, I have had this laptop for 5 weeks, now the restarting is minimal.the screen is very clear, easy to read, I do not have to wear reading glasses when I am on the laptop,hope this helps you.
computer|First, let me state that part of this is my fault. I didn't take the time to check the reviews of Windows 8 before ordering this laptop. The reason I rated this laptop 2 stars is that, according to the ASUS support page, this computer CANNOT be downgraded to Windows 7. Windows 8 is a @#!$#@%^%&%$#%^& piece of garbage. If I wanted an iPhone, I'd have bought an iPhone. To quote from Windows 8 for Dummies (which I had to purchase because Windows 8 is anything but intuitive) &#34;Should I bother switching to Windows 8? In a word, no.&#34;Had I been able to downgrade to Windows 7, I'd have given the laptop a 4 star rating. My biggest complaint is that the Caps Lock and Num Lock indicators are on the front edge, so if the laptop is on your lap, you can't see if they are on or off without tipping the computer up to look.
computer|I AM IN LOVE WITH IT. For a very reasonable price, I got the computer of my dreams. Although windows 8 is a little difficult to understand I still love love love love this computer!
computer|Got this for my wife after her old HP DV5040 finally died.She LOVES it...., says it a bit hard to get used to the touchpad and integrated left and right buttons and size of the touchpad.Recommend for any everyday basic user.
computer|This laptop does everything I bought it for. I'm happy with the performance especially after I added 4gb memory module. It's a great laptop!
computer|I'll make it short. This is AWESOME ! With this price, it's a jackpot. Works great and for a great price !
computer|This is the third one i bought, tough Windows 8 it's even worst that Windows Vista. Thankfully I took those viruses off and installed Ubuntu. Tough, I had tons of fun destroying the W8 unbeleivebly bad desitions.
computer|the item arrived on time as expected. unwrapping and assembling were easy. the keypad is great, the resolution is good. everything about it is gorgeous and i like it.
computer|alright so this is a really good computer. random glitches but all and all its pretty good. it sometimes disconnects from wifi. but when u have it set as autoconnect. it pretty much takes that issue away. the touch pad will randomly quit working with gestures. and how i fix that is restart the computer until i find a different way that works. but it was only $429 compared to others thats cheap. but still $429 is still alot of money. i expected more out of this computer because it is asus. this would of gotten a higher rating if it was a cheap brand because thats all you would expect from that brand.
computer|I am very impressed with this laptop. I typically spend a lot more on a laptop than I did this time. I usually spend double and more. Both of my laptops went on the blink and I was short on cash and needed a new one for college papers ect. So, I was looking for the cheapest deal.So when I first opened the box the computer had to do a few restarts. After the 5th restart I was getting nervous. It said that it needed to restart itself a few times in order to get things updated. I did disable automatic updates and set it to ask me first. It stopped restarting after the 5th time and it was all set to go.The keyboard is very comfortable. I was really looking for one that had a number pad on the side and this one has it. This computer does not seem to get hot or anything like that. It runs very smooth and quiet. People have complained because the speakers are on the bottom of the computer but it does not seem to bother me at all. I think the speakers get very loud. The battery life is really nice on this. I think I charge it once every two or three days. That is impressive.With windows 8 I was pretty nervous because I had heard some bad stuff. I was able to download an app that gave me my start button back. I am so glad I found it because it makes things a lot easier. Also there was a swipe motion that I had noticed would happen. With windows 8 when you swipe your finger from the left side of the mouse to the right side it will make the page you are working on go "bye-bye'. That was rather annoying since when I was filling out forms or worksheets I had to do that motion often and it kept on getting rid of my page!! I looked everywhere online to try and disable that feature. It turns out Asus has a way to disable it! Thank you so much to them!! When you go to the desktop you will see on the right side of the task-bar they have an Asus smart gesture.(if you don't see it right away click the tiny up arrow and it should be in the box) Click on that and go to Edge Gesture. Un-click Switch Running Applications. It disables the swipe motion. You can also disable a whole bunch of other motions with the smart gesture. So far windows 8 seems to have a lot of things that I will never use that just seem to make things a pain. I don't like that apps like the calculator automatically take up the entire screen. They can be grabbed and dropped into a half screen but it is a lot of hoop-la to me when I just want to add up a few numbers on the screen. I end up grabbing my phone for that because it is just faster. I think these big apps sort of drag down the speed of the computer as well. When you click an app like the calculator it has to sit and load it. If it was a smaller thing it would just pop right up. Windows 8 is pokey and I don't care for it.All in all this is a handsome little computer. I am glad I didn't have to spend a ton of money to get something that is going to work for what I need it for. I am very happy with my Asus laptop! Not so much with windows 8.
computer|This laptop is an excellent buy for the money. The 4 stars are because of the disappointment that is WIndows 8. I know I will probably get backlash because I just don't like &#34;change&#34;, but I have made it through the upgrade through Vista and Windows 7 and as flawed as Vista was I would definitely take it over this. So far I have not found a way to change the login screen so my password for hotmail isn't the same as it is for the rest of my computer, since this is a family computer that is very inconvenient for me because now everyone can access my email. Xbox live is incorporated, which could be nice for those who actually play/like xbox. While typing or browsing web pages I have a habit of accidentally bringing up the start menu on the side of the screen so I have to click to get it to go away in order to continue. Other than the operating system the wireless stays connected flawlessly, and browsing through web pages is not by any means slow which is good considering the processing power and ram contained in this machine. I have tried to change the system to windows 7 but it wouldn't work due to the way the hard drive is formatted, but I will probably have it changed before the weeks out and then this will be a 5 star computer.
computer|Pros:- Cheap- Faster CPU- Bigger Screen- 4GB Ram- Great lookingCons:- Mouse trackpad is a pain to use. The pointer moves to weird location or sometimes does not move atall or automatically clicks something even though I as a user did not click.
computer|I ordered this as a replacement for my parents' laptop. The computer is slim and looks great. There was minimal ASUS bloatware installed. The screen display and keyboard both function nicely. The touchpad is indeed sensitive. I had no problems using it directly, but often while typing my inner wrist brushes across it and makes the mouse move inadvertently. An excellent value!
computer|Prior to owning this Asus laptop, I'd been using a Sony Vaio that was beginning to malfunction. I didn't want to spend a lot of money on a new laptop since all I really use it for is browsing the Internet. I decided to get the Asus in red, and I really like the color and appearance. I've been using this laptop for about a month now, and it's fine overall. One thing I noticed immediately upon firing it up for the first time is that the screen is of poor quality. It has the same resolution as my Sony, but I can clearly see the grid lines between the pixels. It's not a deal breaker for me, but it's very annoying. I replaced the hard drive with a solid state drive, and it works fine for my needs. I hate Windows 8, but that's a separate issue. I do like the touchpad and gestures, although I was initially having some issues with the Smart Gesture software not always loading up (without it, gestures don't work). The sound does get muffled a bit when the laptop is on my lap due to the speaker location.Overall, this laptop is just ok. I wouldn't recommend it if you're picky about screen quality, but if you're on a budget and looking for something simple, this is fine.
computer|Received this laptop on the scheduled day and had it up, running and installed with all my favorite apps within a couple of hours. Very easy process and have had no issues. This is my first experience working with Windows 8, but I'm having fun figuring it out. Great experience, great laptop and I would highly recommend this unit. This is my third ASUS product and I am very pleased with all of them.
computer|I ordered the previous model last year for my son. He's loved his so far, and Asus &#34;oops&#34; warranty worked perfectly after it was dropped accidentally.So I needed one, and I ordered the current model. Have only had it a day, but the hardware seems ROCK solid. I have zero complaints about it at all.Windows 8 is...different. But with an hour of tweaking, I've got it working nicely.It does take some getting used to, but most folks should adapt rather quickly.I just really can't get over the solid feel of this laptop...beats the 2 Acers we have, hands down.Very good buy.
computer|We have 2 Lenovo, one Mac Pro and and an hp presario and now this Asus. The asus is superior to the other machines except for the Mac Pro which cost more than twice as much but that is like comparing apples to oranges. The Asus is sleek and physically attractive but most important is a great performer. It came with Windows 8 installed, which may be the least intuitive operating system since dos.The unit has an adequate number and variety of port and the upgrade to 8 Meg's of rm is adequate.For the price this is a great deal.
computer|Totally worth every penny!! Lightening fast with lots of extras! High end processor compared in recent benchmark tests. My college student (son) is very happy!
computer|This is my first laptop and I love it. It is easy to use and I even like windows 8. It is different but fun. I like the games etc that come with the computer as well. Well worth the money.
computer|I bought this laptop for my grand-daughter's college student needs. The RAM, HD capacity, and overall speed are in a great range for the purpose. I also like the performance of the display - crisp. The overall size will allow her to carry it in her Vera Bradley &#34;bag,&#34; which apparently is a factor. I think it's a great buy. I'm currently using a ASUS desktop with SSDs (2) and I'd prefer they were used in this laptop to reduce possibility of HD failure, but costs will come down soon.
computer|I chose this laptop because Asus is a pretty good brand. This laptop had everything I needed: At least 4 GB RAM, good processor, HDMI, and a DVD Burner. So far having this laptop I am loving the screen size. The keyboard is easy to hit all the keys and does not make a lot of noise when I type. Battery life has been good so far out of the box. This computer has GREAT SPEED. The graphics card in this isn't bad either, I played Counter Strike Source for a good while yesterday. I know that that is not a real graphic intense game but I have had other laptops in this price range that could not play that without lagging a lot.So far, I would recommend this laptop to anyone that is looking for a powerful every day use, good brand laptop.The one thing that will take a little to get used to is the mouse pad. Works good, a little sensitive, but I love how smooth and easy it scrolls, kind of like the MacBook. Give this laptop a shot. Its the best for that price!
computer|I have shopped around for nearly 10 months for the &#34;perfect&#34; laptop for my needs. I wanted as many options as I could get for the least expense. I decided on this Asus A55A-AH31-PK 15.6inch LED Laptop in the pink color and I'm so pleased that I chose this particular one! It's not only FAST, but it has all the bells and whistles as most of the higher priced laptops. The LED screen has incredible clarity and has superb viewing angles. The Windows8 operating system is new to me but I LOVE it so far. It was easy to set up and start using right from the box. I can't recommend this Laptop highly enough! For the price, you simply cannot go wrong with this laptop!MY FAVORITE PURCHASE THUS FAR ON AMAZON.COM!!!
computer|This is my second ASUS computer, and I absolutely loved my first. I've had it for four years without the slightest problem! The only reason I upgraded was because the hinge was starting to wear down a bit, and I wanted to upgrade to higher specs. So of course, I went with ASUS again. They make the best computer parts for all the other major manufacturers (Dell, HP, etc.), so it only makes sense that they'd make the best computers themselves.I've had this for almost a week, and have been impressed so far. Yes, Windows 8 takes some getting used to, but it's not bad once you figure it out. The touchpad does seem a bit strange because if you touch it in different spots or with different numbers of fingers at the same time, it does different things, so you do have to learn how to work around that, but if you figure out how to use it, the touchpad features really are awesome.It seems quick, the instant on feature really does instantly turn it on after coming out of sleep mode, and it runs any video I play on it faster than any computer I've had. I love the keyboard, it feels great to type on, and the covering goes between the keys so crumbs and other junk don't get stuck down there (this is hard to explain in writing, but believe me, it's helpful).The screen quality is great, I love that it's LED. Also, the machine stays very cool.The position of the speakers is a bit odd (they're on the bottom), and they don't get very loud, but plug a moderate-quality set of speakers in or use headphones, and the sound is perfect.Anyway, due to the speakers and the time needed to adjust to Windows 8 and the touchpad, I would probably have given this computer a 4.5 if I could have, but I rounded it up because I've gotten past most of that stage now, and really love it! It feels solid, and everything works great, I would recommend this laptop to anyone!
computer|Recently my Lenovo laptop started running ridiculously hot (Speccy said 65 degrees Celsius)for absolutely no reason even with a fan, so I went about looking for a similar laptop as far as specs that could replace it. The Lenovo cost $700 a year ago so I was preparing myself for some seriously pain. However, I found this ASUS that had the same specs, if not slightly better, for a great price and the reviews for it were positive all around the internet. Plus, it comes in colors.So, I went ahead and bought it and I could not be more pleased. The laptop itself is a good size and weight, and the keyboard is well positioned. The track pad is pretty sensitive, but that's just how laptops are so I wasn't that turned off by it. Also, it runs at a nice 30-35 degrees Celcius without a fan so that's nice, and when the internal fan does kick on, it's very quiet. The slot for the ethernet cord expands slightly when you put the cord in, so it's able to be flush with the laptop when not in use, but can accommodate the cord when it's being used. The charger plug in is on that side too, so you have all your annoying cords on one side of the computer. I have not had any problems with the Wi-Fi, the disc drive, or the USB ports. Everything is working great thus far.As far as Windows 8, I actually like it a lot. Windows 8 allows the laptop to have some nice, tablet-like features (a kindle app, OneNote app, lots of games I can play when I don't want to pay attention in class, etc) that make it a good multi-tasking OS, without losing the processing power and...well, computer-ness you get with a laptop. I can play The Sims 3 (runs it quite well, though you will need a fan) and other PC games in their full capacity instead of some rinky-dink app version. I don't have to buy a keyboard for it and a protective case and a stand and blah-de-blah like I would with a tablet. I will say that some of the apps, particularly netflix and skype, are slow to load. Other apps are really quick, so I'm not sure if it's an OS thing or a poorly written app thing.I figured this out pretty quickly without reading the instructions because who does that? A few points on it: When it doubt, hit your windows button (making it pretty idiot proof). Hovering your mouse in the corners of the screen shows other windows you have open on one side, and settings and such on the other. Right clicking gives you the menu within most apps. There's also a desktop mode/view that looks like Windows 7, and you can use it for most basic computer functions. You can also run most programs in Windows 8 mode, and not use the desktop at all.Overall, this is a great laptop for a great price. Buy it for home, business, or school. Get it for that special teen, adult, or crotchety old person in your life. They'll like it.
computer|at first, windows 8 was tough because this does not have a touch screen. if you buy a computer with windows 8, i would recommend a touch screen. it would make it easier to navigate. but i love it and this computer! endless possibilities. :) :) :) :) :)
computer|The computer itself is amazing! Only thing I found I did not like with the computer was that sometimes on the internet browser it will zoom while using the touchpad. Once I changed the setting everything was GREAT! Best laptop I have owned in my life. The Windows 8 version, I hated at first, but after 6 hours of exploring and getting used to it, I started to like it more and more. Great computer, Windows 8 is a great operating software. The price of this computer should have been at least $800.00 minimum, it's great!
computer|I received this as a gift. This little device works. Most of us don't need game capacity or the need to code. W8 is not hard to understand.
computer|It is light; Windows 8 is fine. Using a wireless mouse seems to make most of the Win8 features easy to use. I wish I had paid attention to some of the criticisms about the lack of a back lit keyboard. If you need to see the keys in order to type, you need good light. I never learned to type so that has been a pain after dusk.I am amazed at the space that the infamous Win8 partition uses. On my computer that takes up about 400 gigs. WTF? So, I only have about 350 gigs of free space out of 750. I suppose there is a fix for this, but I'm not a true geek, so I'll need some help fixing this problem. Asus could be much more candid about this detail because they do make much of the giant hard drive. It's kind of a midget.But, I'm replacing an old, poorly made, small Gateway laptop whose hinges failed after a few months of normal use, so this Asus is like a something from the future by comparison. I am real pleased.I think that somewhere I read that the battery lasts about seven hours. I have been using mine for Netflix and Amamzon Instant and the battery lasts about three hours at most. Might be longer with simple word processing. I don't do much of that so I wouldn't know. Just a heads up.
computer|I've had this laptop for about a week, though I've only used it three or four times, so pardon my limited review.It's a nice little machine. The screen is nice and large. I like the flat feel of the keyboard. It actually has a dedicated number pad, which is useful if your work is number heavy. I'm still trying to figure out how to adjust the screen contrast, though it may be that the resolution is not what I'm accustomed to (still use a Macbook Pro on occasion). It's not a particularly light notebook, but that's to be expected, considering the size.It's pretty fast from what I can tell. I've uninstalled the pre-installed McAfee, which was annoyingly popping up telling me to register. Windows 8 does take some getting used to. I think the new Start Menu would work great on a machine with touch screen features (which this unit does not have). I'm not too crazy about the single/double click button, since one needs to be pretty precise when clicking it. The same applies to the touchpad. It's very sensitive, though it's not a deal-breaker.The only questionable design component would be the placement of the speakers. They're Altec Lansing, which sound great... once you lift the laptop off the desk! The speakers are located underneath the front part of the laptop, so the sound is muffled when the laptop is on a desk, which is all the time.If anything changes, I'll update this review, though so far as I can tell, it's a great buy for the price.
computer|Great hardware, very fast, good battery life, stunning looks, more than enough for personal use, very satisfying specifications. 4 star as (1) working with Windows 8 is bit cumbersome and not that much user friendly as previous Windows OS and (2) no way to make recovery discs which is crucial in case of any hardware or software failure. Otherwise a wonderful machine at an unbeatable discounted price of $428.
computer|I am a middle age female hobby computer user who does not use one in a professional setting. That being said, I find this computer as reliably and fast-ish as other reviews led me to believe I would. I will expand the memory from 4gb to the max 8, and I'm sure it will certainly be all I need and more. The hd display is gorge8ous, the keyboard is solid and comfortable, and like one other review stated, the trackpad feels kind of hinky, but it's large and performs Windows 8 functions well. I prefer a peripheral trackpad on my right anyway, so no big deal. The computer works well with my Wacom tablet. One thing that surprised me was that there is not built in bluetooth capability.I've come to understand this is not unusual, but all of the other laptops in my experience have had it. I spent an evening with MS support trying to get my Kinivo usb dongle installed around a &#34;bluetooth stack error&#34; or somesuch thing, but all is well now.Having had a smart phone for a few years, and being a Chrome user I don't find interacting with windows 8 horrible, it's just different. If I was faced with it in a work environment I may feel differently, but I understand MIcrosoft's desire to make there new os mobile/touch friendly. I look at at learning it as part of my Alzheimer's prevention program. The MS community forum is great for help! I spent 429.00 on this machine, which i understand is a good deal. I've had it about a month now, and so far, other than the bluetooth issue, I feel I got a great value and do recommend it to my friends and clients.
computer|The computer is good. The only issue I have is with the the mouse pad. This is VERY sensitive. It sometimes does not let me click things or will click things if my finger is on the thing! It is frustrating if I am in the middle of something or trying to click something out. Also the speakers are not very loud but I was expecting that with the other reviews. Other than that the computer is awesome!
computer|I typically like to give computer devices a good month of use before I write a review, but I am making an exception in this case. This notebook has been simply wonderful to use for the past five days of ownership. The keyboard layout is great. I like the large keys which are easy to access. The touch pad is quite sensitive, but I like that. It is also precise, so where I point the cursor is exactly where I want it.I upgraded the RAM, which was very easy to do and the hard disk is also in an easy to reach area for replacement.The video performance is great for movie playback and for games which aren't too demanding.Wifi performance is top notch and if you do go wired, this notebook detects the connection and automatically turns off the wireless connection while Windows 8 Pro seamlessly sets up the network so you don't skip a beat. Pretty awesome.The notebook doesn't get hot to the touch, even when under heavy use. Ventilation design is some of the best I have seen for a notebook. This will certainly help to extend the life of this product.Finally, the warranty provided by ASUS is positively the best! Full replacement even due to accidental damage? WOW!I am very happy with this purchase and would buy it again.
computer|The touchpad is completly unusable. The cursor jumps around when the touch pad is touched, it registers clicks, double clicks and right clicks without that input. When you view the icon of the touch pad in the tray, it looks like lightning when you touch the pad. I updated bios and drivers. Didn't work. Reset to factory settings, installed the latest BIOS, ATK and Gesture drivers again, didn't work. I went through tech support after that, as I should. They had me do all that all over again of course, only to have the same result and an RMA issued(USG9338557). I did not receive and have still not received any communications at all regarding the RMA. Searching their system never returned any information about the RMA. However, I did receive the item back in one week. I was very excited but suspicious. That really curbed my annoyance with not being able to find out what was going on. There was a summary stating it was in fact a &#34;touch pad error&#34;. The problem is that the touch pad is worse now then it was before. I immediately called support only to have to go through the exact same steps(Case# 2542398). Reset to factory settings, update bios and drivers and again, this did not correct the problem. I'm not sure they did anything with it because the right side of the touch pad was slightly sunk in and more so on the lower right corner. When I received it back, it's the exact same way. I have built many, many systems with ASUS components in my day. I have alway been an ASUS fan because despite their products generally being more expensive, you usually get what you pay for. This was my first complete product purchase from them and it will be my last. Upon having this issue I did some research and the RMA horror stories are everywhere. I have requested a replacement from Amazon who are alway fantastic. We will see how it goes. I understand that lemons happen right out of the box for any company. But to have it RMA'd only to come back worse, UNACCEPTABLE.
computer|I am your average user. I don't know much about laptops or PC's. I am not a gamer. I primarily use it for school work, to watch shows, and for news. I bought this on a suggestion from a friend and in replace of my Toshiba. This is only my second laptop.The quality of this ASUS is great. The keyboard is sturdier quality than my old Toshiba. The monitor is big and crystal clear. The speakers are in the front of the laptop, not the back, like most laptops. The sound is WAY better than my last laptop. With my Toshiba I had to use headphones to hear anything. I haven't had to use my headphones yet with the ASUS laptop.I am still getting used to Windows 8. It's okay...not bad...I'm just not used to it yet. I chose an Intel processor because I read somewhere it's a better hard drive. My old Toshiba had an AMD hard drive, which I will never buy again.For the price, this is a fantastic laptop. Overall I am a satisfied customer.
computer|My Lenovo laptop (that cost more money for about the same specs) broke at the hinge. Fortunately it was under warranty, so I sent it in to be fixed, sold it and bought this. More than satisfied: computer works to its specifications, there are some bugs with Windows 8 to be sure, but that is not a reflection of Asus products and is to be expected. Best of all, it is extremely well-made. The hinges are nice and sturdy, and don't feel flimsy like they do on most other laptop brands. Will return to Asus for my next computer purchase.
computer|Ease of set up: takes it a minute if you have never used windows 8, but watch a few youtube videos and it will speed up the process. The system wakes up with little lag from the sleep/hibernation and even on initial start up. The battery lasted about 6 hours with dim light and constant downloading and setting changes.The fan, so far, has not made a sound until i held the laptop up to my ear and could hear a slight hmmm.I'm not a computer expert, but I have used a new work Dell Latitude, and this one looks nicer, has a larger screen, and is much faster (even though all of the specs are lower). I am most impressed with the ease of the laptop "waking up" so quickly with almost no lag.++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++UPDATEI've had the laptop for about a week now and have finally gotten through all of the Windows 8 differences (all but figuring out how to reduce the size of websites, icons, folders and not just the text...but I'm sure there is a way).As for the laptop, I've never been happier. With the screen dimmed at 50%, I am able to download pretty regularly, surf the web, and write reports for about 6 hours before I need to recharge in one sitting. On one full charge, I was able to go 3 days without charging with minimal web browsing and some downloading of PDF files. Like I've said before, the sleep mode is fantastic. The battery is conserved, and I know that it turns off the internet wifi as our modem beeps every time there is a device deactivated.The speakers are really good for being a laptop. The noise isn't distorted, and even at the lower end, the clarity is good. I've had a toshiba in the past that you needed to plug into external speakers to really listen to it.I have had many people over the past year suggest asus, and now it's my turn. I've been impressed from day one, and still find things about this laptop that outperform other $1000 laptops.
computer|I think this is a very good laptop. I bought it for $478 and was kind of skeptical about it. Though it says the HDD is 750 GB, in actuality it's around 670 or so. The OS itself uses up some of the memory. But yeah. It's pretty good and fast. Just need to get used to Windows 8. I would have to do so if I bought any other laptop now that has Windows 8. Asus makes parts for Apple and it is a pretty reliable brand. SOo yeah. Just hope it stays good like the way it has been :)
computer|So far so good. Other computers I have owned arrived with tons of additional software that was just a nuisance. This one doesn't have any of that. Good basic computer.
computer|I've had my computer for about 2 weeks now. About the second day the screen saver was going and when I moved the mouse to go to the screen. It flashed the desktop screen then turned completely black. Couldn't do anything to fix it. Waited awhile and started it back up it was fine. Then the problem occured again. I'm not sure why it is doing this.
computer|I got this computer a few days ago for school and I absolutely love it! I spent a lot of time searching for what I wanted within my price range. This laptop was perfect. I love the color - the blue just pops - and it is light and thin enough for me to carry it to school. I use computers for school and also gaming. The screen is bright and battery life is great. A lot of people complained about the track pad being really sensitive, but I think it's fine. It's kind of an ASUS thing because I had a ASUS computer before this, so the sensitive thing I was used to. And it's really not that bad, just something you get used to in time. Also the speakers sound fine to me. Although I won't be using them very often, I usually have headphones. All in all, this is a great little computer and I love all that I get for the money I spent. I am one happy college kid.
computer|I bought this laptop to replace my aging desktop. I recently got indoctrinated to Windows 7 at work and Windows 8 on my new cell phone, which I've actually come to like both of those after the steep learning curve. However, I have no use for the windows 8 Metro on a pc. I go straight to the desktop view. But that is not why I'm writing this. I have never had an Asus but the price, specs, and reviews all looked really good. After 2 weeks of painfully fighting with Windows 8 to get it to do half of what Windows 7 will do, I turned it on one day and failed to boot. Somehow, the boot priority got changed and it was trying to boot off a network! I changed the priority back to look at the C drive first, and the screen went black. Amazon's customer service was awesome in getting me a replacement pc in no time. Unfortunately, the same thing happened to the 2nd one. I don't know if it was the Asus computer, or a compatibility issue with a Windows update, or what, but I'm not going to replace it with another Asus.
computer|Just got this baby yesterday and I have to say..I am impressed! Fast, easy to use, and looks great! I have to say for other name brands with this set up I was looking at anywhere from $600-$900 and they all had terrible reviews (Toshiba, Samsung, Dell just to name a few). I took a chance after much deliberation and the need to save money. I am not sorry I chose Asus. The unit feels of high quality build and the i3 processor is super fast. Not to mention a whopping 750gb hard drive to store all my pics, movies, and data. Trust me when I say you will not be disappointed. Shipping was fast and arrived with no issues or damage.
computer|A liked this product. ASUS is one of the best brand for me in laptops. this one is very good
computer|This computer is decent for the price. It works for what my husband needs, but the keyboard is quite finicky. We've been using it for two months now without any issues other than the keyboard.
computer|Brought this for my daughter who is in high school and also home schools. I paid a little more than I wanted and I'm glad I did. She loves it! We did our research to the point of frustration and decided on the ASUS, have to tell the truth one feature that was a plus, she was able to choose a color. Did I mention she's in high school. And having the 10 key on the board is another feature that was a plus. Was wary of Window's 8 because of all the comments, but no problem (I think it's an age thing). Plenty of RAM and lots of room on the hard drive. Everything about this laptop is nice. It's been nearly 2 months since she started using it and has had no problems. Being home schooled all her classes are online, so she is using it 8-9 hours a day for school. Another plus was the 1-Year Accidental Damage Protection. It covers accidental drops, spills, power surges and fire damage for a year. We have found nothing false in the product description. But if something arises I'll be sure to update my review. As we all know not all individual items are the same sometimes you get a bad one. But so far we are very pleased. About the shipping we were expecting it Monday or Tuesday because of ordering it close to the weekend, but it arrived on Saturday :) Making us all the happier.
computer|So I got this lap top two weeks ago and I loved it because it was pink, light and I liked the way Windows 8 looked. Yes it takes a while to get used to because its an entirely new interface. But you can go into desktop mode if you want something thats a bit more familiar. I am giving this two stars because its already acting up, on me. It kept on shutting down on me, saying there was type of error. At first I ignored it but when it started occurring 3 times in one sitting I called ASUS. The guy made me refresh the PC and said the problem should be solved. It wasn't. So I had to call again, and was on the phone for 2hrs trying to reset my PC. I only bought an ASUS because people told me it was a reliable brand, but i'm starting to think that they were wrong. I'm a college student with papers and assignments due, now without a PC b/c its going to take hrs to reset. I think I'm going to return it b/c it hasn't even been a month and its giving me problems. Which will turn this review into a one star.
computer|I see people giving this laptop a low rating because of touchpad issues? are you serious?, I personally have no issues with it, but if you do there are settings to adjust it.I got this laptop for college, I am a photography major, and DJ. This computer runs all of my audio production software with no lag, or buffering issues. Even after installing The Adobe master collection CS6 ive yet to experience any lag.I was excited to use Win 8 and man its great, simpler smoother and straight to the point. My brother who too is attending college as an audio engineering major has already put his order in for his.PROS-looks great (white) the black key/white body contrast looks amazing-SOunds crisp-No lag-large responsive touchpad-feels sturdy, not cheap at all-crisp display full HD-Runs Ram hungry programs with Ease-USB 3.0-Battery lasts long-HDMI-FULL keypadCONS-webcam couldve been better. though ill just buy an external HD cam so its cool-no bluetooth. though they do sell hubs for less than $5
computer|LOVE THIS LAPTOP!!!!!! I can not find ONE complaint about this! yes, windows 8 is new therefore it is tricky to get used to, but once you get used to it...its awesome! i love the keyboard and the fact that it has the number pad on the side (wahho) picture is great, sound is great ( some reviewers were stating that because the speakers are on bottom the sound is great, i disagree!) overall.........i love love love it and i use it 24/7!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
computer|Bought this laptop for someone else, and if it was not pink I would keep it for myself. Build quality feels very good. The i3 processor is a good processor. Lot of hard drive space and 2 USB 3.0 ports, can't beet that for the money. Everything has functioned the way it is suppose to.DON'T BE SCARED OF WINDOWS 8, it is different but works the way it suppose to:I'd rather by this machine with W8 for the money it cost me, then something sub par with W7 for less money.Windows 8 seems to run as good as Windows 7 did, and I have not seen any glitches or a Blue Screen of Death. Now, the front end for Windows 8 (the humanoid to machine interface, what you click on and where you click) is a pain in the butt. I will not complain about it as much as most other people do, because it is not as bad as everyone else is making it out to be. Using W8 is for the most part completely different from its predecessors, but I have been able to learn most of the important stuff quickly. I'm sure if people spent less time complaining about it and more time learning it, they will figure out W8 in no time. Seems that everything has been working its way towards personal touch devices, and now Microsoft wants to catch up.
computer|I just got this today, but it is amazing! I got the blue one and I love the color. It was so simple to set up and so far really easy to use. Windows 8 is something I need to get used to, but so far I'm doing pretty good. I love the speed and I have transferred all of my pictures from my IPhone and it saves me so much room on the phone storage. If I start having problems I'll update it, but with the one year warranty I should be good to go! The picture on this is also wonderful and clear, I love that it has a HDMI so I can hook it up to my TV! Love it, Thank you for the super fast shipping as well.
computer|I love my new laptop, especially that is came in pink, my new favorite color. The only thing I found confusing was the windows 8, but now I'm getting used to it. The windows 8 is so new and confusing. It won't let me load my new Canon printer disc, which doesn't make me happy. But overall I really like this laptop which was recommended by my computer whiz brother.
computer|I'm a full time college student who also has a pretty full life outside of school. I needed something I could take wherever I'm going , to do homework and keep connected. I read the reviews for the ASUS, and put my order in. It just arrived today, and so far - while I'm not thrilled with Windows 8 - the computer itself works like a dream. It's not too heavy, it's pretty - hey, don't knock it, these things are important, and started up right out of the box, with no trouble. It's not too heavy either, so it should travel well. I'll update this review in the future should I experience problems, but right now - I'm in love.
computer|This should have been a great deal on a decent quality laptop. Build quality is good, the CPU is capable, the screen decent, and the HD capacity is nice (although slow at 5400rpm). But there is a show stopper: the TOUCHPAD. It's impossible, and makes the laptop virtually unusable. It's way too sensitive, and it jumps from place to place and clicks and selects randomly. If you just put your fingertip on the pad w/o moving it, the cursor will take on a life of its own and begin to jump and do the jitterbug. It's strange, but if you unplug the power cord, it'll settle down immediately. Googling Elantech Touchpad sensitivity will yield bountiful results.I've owned close to a dozen laptops, so I do know what I'm doing. I tried updating the BIOS, installing the latest Elantech drivers (even the ones beyond what was recommended on the Asus site) - all to no avail.It's a shame, because after installing a Samsung 840 SSD drive, the thing flew, and was silent and cool. But the touchpad issues literally make it unusable.{EDIT}OK - I've changed my review to 4 stars. I downloaded the APK packages as suggested by the Asus rep, *BUT* I don't think that was the issue. I think the issue may have been the quality of the power coming out of my walls, in conjunction with this laptop's sensitivity to it. Plugging in the power cord at an office building resulted in none of the jitteryness that the laptop displayed at home. I can't give it 5 stars because again, none of the the other laptops I've owned show this kind of behavior.So in summary, if your AC power isn't clean, you may have touchpad issues.
computer|My husband and I bought this computer for me about 2 months ago when the screen on my mac was going out. I didn't want to spend the money on a new Mac and was happy to give PC a shot again. I'm definitely not disappointed. I do have a few complaints though. My first would be how insanely sensitive the track pad is. It often opens programs and closes out of windows when I've barely touched them. It does get pretty frustrating. My second would be the lack of a CAPS lock button on the keyboard. It seems little but when so many passwords now need a capital it certainly does make things easier. The off center of the keyboard does not bother me and I really do enjoy having the separate number pad on the right because that is how I prefer to type numbers into a program. The battery tends to last me about 4 hours before I need to charge it which is just fine with me. I spend most of my time on the internet so it works great for me. I do watch tv shows on this computer and have never had any issues and it's certainly a nice change from trying to watch things on my old Mac. Overall I'm very happy with this computer, as is my husband and I would definitely recommend it or purchase it again...**note: I felt no need to review windows 8 because it has no effect on the actual workings of the laptop and I have no personal issues with it.**
computer|I'm a computer technician and I was just looking for a cheap machine that I could use for learning Windows 8, taking with me while I travel, some coding, web browsing, and movies. I wanted to stay in the $400 range, but seeing that this laptop comes with a Core i3-3110M, I decided to spring the extra cash for a far superior processor than the ASUS F55A with the Intel B890 CPU. I'm very glad that I did. The only thing that slows this machine down is the 5400RPM hard drive. When booting the machine in to Windows 8, startup programs simply take a while to load. Do yourself a favor and remove any unnecessary bloatware like McAfee and download any recent updates that ASUS provides. I'm really looking forward to getting a nice SSD drive for this thing one day because it will soar like an eagle. The keyboard has a decent feel to it as well. I spent a good few hours customizing everything the way I want. I even slicked it up with the Start8 program which gives you a classic Windows 7 start menu with tons of customization options. The webcam has a little LED light on it that makes your picture easy to see when you're Skyping in a dark room. I couldn't be happier for the money I spent on this machine.
computer|This laptop is beautiful, the white is definitely an eye catcher, very classy looking. It's also chic, lightweight but durable, I love how the keys are flat and don't make noise when I type. On this computer, windows 8 is annoying at first, If your finger goes on the left side of the mouse pad, windows 8 will automatically popup, it took me a while to figure out why that kept happening, I&#8217;m sure that function can be disabled but I just haven't taken the time to figure it out, so I just found a temporary way around it, by staying on the right side of the mouse pad which is larger than most mouse pads. The major thing that I dislike about this computer is....the speaker is on the bottom of the computer, which makes the sound low at times or makes the sound muffled a little. It's not unbearable because it does have a decent volume level unlike some of the other brands I looked at. I had another speaker which also happens to be white so they make a perfect pair. I use to be a Dell junkie but I was disappointed in the way that the face plate/trimming around the screen breaks off and hinges in Dell laptops break easy. My Dell laptop and everyone that I know, that owns a Dell laptop, complains about the same thing. The hinges break and they have to hold or prop up the screen portion in order to look at it. I reviewed a lot of laptops and I shopped around for a little over 3 months before I decided on this one. For the most part, I really enjoy this laptop, and would recommend it.
computer|For a new computer running Windows 8 this laptop says one thing: Speed. Its quick, beautiful, and easy to use for any average Joe, business man, or tech enthusiast. Feeling a bit sluggish? Upgrade the hard drive! Any laptop that uses a 5400RPM hard drive will run slowly even new. Slower hard drives mean slower boots, file access, and multi-tasking is limited. Throw in a super fast Solid State Drive or a 7200RPM SATA 3 hard drive and watch this thing be the computer you always dreamed of!
computer|I have had this laptop for a couple of weeks now and I can tell that it is worth the price that I paid (Brand new for $429.99 from Amazon directly), I would even expect to pay way more for a laptop like this one.Pros:- Nice style: The red color looks great on it, it looks different than all the conventional laptops.- Enough space: Most laptops within this price will only have an average of 320GB of storage but this one has 750GB which is more than enough for a laptop from my perspective.- LED 15.6 inch screen: Nothing else to say, way better than LCD of course. In regards to the size, it is excellent as for me it has the ideal size for a laptop.- Dedicated number pad: I hated that laptops did not usually have dedicated number pads, this one does have one.- HDMI port: Great for watching movies on your TV.Cons:- Touchpad: The touchpad was extremely sensitive at first making it totally inaccurate, I even tried adjusting the settings and updating the drivers but nothing seemed to work. I preferred to use a conventional mouse so I bought one, but the funniest thing is that the issue got fixed after I plugged the mouse in. I do not know if it changed a setting or the driver of the mouse someway fixed the issue .- Windows 8: I know this is not the computer itself but it is part of it after all as it comes pre-installed. It simply looks like an OS from a smartphone, not from a computer. For me it does not have any visible improvements compared to Windows 7. If you are an old school Windows user, you may need to get some time to get used to it as it happened to me.- Speakers: They are at the bottom, it does not make any sense unless you use some sort of cooling station that does not interfere with them.Even with the cons I really like this laptop, I gave it a 4 mainly because of the touchpad issue as I see unacceptable to experience such issue since day one and the updates did not fix it. The speakers issue is not a deal breaker and the OS can be changed. I do not usually take these things in consideration but I loved the style as it looks someway "unique"; to me. Totally worth the price.
computer|I have owned 2 dell inspirons before purchasing the Asus. The last dell broke within 2 years. I looked into the asus and I just love the product. I like the options of the color. The laptop definitely stays cool as advertised. The touchpad can be a bit temperamental, but after you learn it's idiosycrasies, it is great to swipe up, down ,back and forward. Learning windows 8 took a bit, but was not too hard.I really like the keyboard " flat" keys (for lack of better way to describe) I find the keyboard much easier to type with. The display is great and my pictures look great. I like how the computer comes with the hard drive partitioned.It really boots up quick and stays connected to the wifi. It was an excellent buy.
computer|This is one of the best Windows8 laptop in terms of price and features. I recently got this laptop and I am loving it. It does not get heat up. The best thing it has is the touch pad, which is compatible with windows8 and can be done lots of amazing things with it. I got this laptop especially for hardcore programming. This computer can be used as gaming computer and other software development purposes. Ice cool technology keeps the notebook cool. It does have lots of features, still I am discovering it. I highly recommend this laptop to my friends.
computer|A very good product! I also have a Toshiba Satelitte, and the Asus performs just as well for Microsoft Office, and surfing the web. It arrived very fast, and in excellent condition. For $429.00 the deal is hard to beat.
computer|Bought this for the girlfriend for Christmas and she adores it. It is a superb daily/standard use item. Hook some external speakers up to it and you are good to go for web surfing, music, spreadsheets/docs, this pink little guy handles anything short of serious gaming nicely.Some people don't like Windows 8 - for me that is really a non factor. Windows 8, in reality, functions every bit as well as windows 7. The metro(tiled)interface actually proves quite handy once you get the hang of it. I find the design and presentation to be much cleaner than a mess of desktop icons or digging through the start menu. If you learn some keyboard shortcuts, and where the mouse-sensitive locations are (for example, when on the actual desktop screen instead of the metro screen, right click where the start button used to be and you have a wide number of system access options)it's over all function is a positive experience.Having said that - this review is not about windows 8, it is about this little pink machine, which is great for the money. You are getting an i3 processor instead of some money saving amd or intel celeron level quality, the display is sharp, 4gb of ram is more than good for most day to day tasks. If you want to give it more zip, you could always replace the hard drive with an SSD. I would always recommend disabling the touch pad with FN+F9 and buying a mouse for better control, but that is personal preference.
computer|I love the layout and performance of the asus - only complaints about the actual laptop are 1) the bloatware that comes pre-loaded on the machine 2) would be nice if you could turn off mousepad or at least have it deactivate when external mouse is plugged in. Biggest complaint - Windows 8...grrr. It's incredibly not user friendly for a laptop - for a touchscreen it's probably fine. I wish I could have gotten the laptop with Windows 7 pro as OS, but c'est la vie! Anyway, my biggest complaints about W8 no start button and can't get the charms bar to not pop up randomly without downloading some app. It's taken me nearly a month to acclimate to the OS, and I still don't know it completely. My advice if you're fairly computer literate like me - you're search engine is your best friend when it comes to learning Windows 8.
computer|I got this laptop after coming from a desktop computer with windows xp. I didn't find windows 8 difficult to finger out at all. For what I use it for (recreation and school/work) it suits my needs.
