computer|The Ativ 500T is a wonderful Windows 8 tablet, if you can overlook the fact that it isn't. If this Raggedy Ann excuse for a tablet is supposed to be the competitor for the iPad, I'd suggest investing heavily in Apple stock.To begin with, this thing freezes more often than a meat locker. And in saying that, I'm being more conservative than Rush Limbaugh. Usually I can get it working again within half an hour, but there are times when it totally bonks out for hours at a time before it lets you boot up again. Now, to show you that I'm not exactly Einstein's clone, this is the second such 500T that I've bought. After returning the first one to Staples, I bought a second one from Amazon in the hope that the first one must surely have been a fluke. I should have known better. (Why did I buy it again? Because when it works properly, it's a pretty nifty little unit. If the 500T was as reliable as an iPad, and Windows 8 wasn't the worst nightmare ever to plague the human condition, I'd sell off all that Apple stock I just advised you to buy.)Strangely, another problem with the 500T is that it suddenly will boot up all by itself. This has happened to me twice. The unit will be sitting on the desk, and suddenly the screen will turn on, and it's ready to go. I believe this may be because when you properly shut the unit down, you're actually just putting it to sleep, or so I've been told. So it's never really shut off to begin with. I can't think of why else it would just turn on right out of the blue, but it worries me. If it powers up right after I go to bed, it could be entirely drained the next morning.By now, of course, I don't imagine that I have to tell you that the S pen that comes with it is about as reliable as a spoiled teenager. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't, depending on what mood it's in.Have I called Samsung tech support about all these problems? Does the moon have craters? And when tech support tells me it has to look into the problem, and will give me a call back, how true to its word has Samsung been? Guess.So why all the problems? Is it a hardware or software issue? Part of the reason may lie with Samsung, as the company has a well-deserved reputation for using the cheapest possible parts in much of its new equipment. Certainly the 500T is anything but rugged, but I thought that with a solid state unit lacking a hard drive, that might not matter. I may have miscalculated. But perhaps the larger part of the problem lies with Windows 8. I have no doubt that this is the most bug-ridden version of Windows ever created, not to mention the fact that it's anything but user-friendly. I suspect that Microsoft left the Start menu out of its Windows 7 imitator for the new system so you would be forced to learn version 8. Well I'll tell you, I don't care how glitzy the commercials on TV are, whoever is responsible for creating Windows 8 had to have been hooked on some ultra-serious drugs. I bought into it because the on-line school that I'm attendng uses only Windows 7 architecture(which can be accessed with standard Windows 8) and a touch-screen tablet was very convenient.Naturally, the 500T is going back to Amazon on Monday, when UPS opens up. And I think I'm going to wait at least six months before thinking again about buying a Win8 tablet, since by then most of the software issues will be cleared up. I'll use my Win7 laptop for school until then. But I will say this: considering the number of PCs in the world, if Microsoft ever gets its touch screen operating system perfected, and they find a way to make it user-frendly, Apple could find itself in serious trouble.
computer|I've owned android and apple tablets.. Compared to my Ativ tablet, those others were just toys. This tablet outperforms anything on the current market. Also, you are not restricted in any way(ahem, RT) in installing any windows program. Although the 11" screen gets taking use to holding, the more I use it the more I appreciate the wide screen aspect. Weight and thinness is comparable to the iPad.Note to others that have had problems with theirs... Perform an update using Samsung's update manager! This solves 99% of the driver related problems that shipped with the unit. I also recommend performing a restore point as it comes with that feature turned off.Only flaw Ive found is the ability to find the non existent accessories for the Ativ tablet. No screen protectors or cases available... yet... but I'm sure they will be available sometime in December. In the mean time, I bought a Case Logic sleeve meant for the mac book air. Great fit, but really want to buy a case with a built in stand.
computer|Design and quality are highly respected in this Laptop.. The only issue is that the processor is a bit slow .. Time delivery was respected ..
computer|only concern is periodically it won't restart and I have to turn it on and off several times to get it to start...I went online and discovered that if you hold the power button down and count to 7 then push start again it will restart fine
computer|The product sent to me was defective. The recharging port does not fit snugly with the plug and therefore it does not connect properly. In order to recharge the tablet, I have to hold the plug in place or it looses contact and stops charging. The plug does work on the keyboard. The Wi Fi must be reset every time I restart the computer. I either have to turn the airplane mode on and off or reset the connection. I did all the software updates and this continues to happen. This morning the screen rotation froze in place. I tried turning the rotate screen on and off to see if it would work and no luck. About two hours later, It started to work again all by itself.Its a shame because I find that I like the tablet when it works. I have Windows 8 on my desktop so I am used to the operating system. the keyboard and docking station works really well. the screen display is nice and the sound quality from the speakers is good quality for a tablet. While other people do not like the stylus, I find that it works well for my use which is mainly to open and close apps and I like that you can just pop it into the holder instead of having it loose where it can get lost. One thing, if you are looking for a tablet that you can put inside your purse and take with you, this is not the tablet fore you because it is a little to big for that. I am returning the tablet because it is defective.
computer|Provides the convenience of a tablet with a solid keyboard and full Windows 8 functionality. Minor problems with updating (Microsoft seems to like to dump multiple updates onto it frequently. While that is going on it is next to useless. I turned off automatic updates and asked to be notified when they were available. The notification is hard to find). Otherwise, it's great.
computer|NOTE: If you bought this with the keyboard, remove the two "covers" at the bottom that cover the keyboard "slots" before trying to dock with the keyboard, I wasnt sure if they will move on their own by pressing and then had to pry them out before the keyboard would dock with the tablet.I bought this knowing very well that it isnt a fast machine. It appears to be ok for light browsing chrome/firefox use. HD-720 youtube videos are jerky most of the time, so if you are buying this for youtube playback - you *will* be disappointed. Full-HD videos? forget about it! (And yeah, I know the system has to scale it down to the 1333x7xx resolution that this tablet maxes out of)The stylus is good(the main reason I bought this). And sketchbook pro is reasonably snappy. Sometimes it lags, but overall it is ok and it wont be an exercise in frustration. I havent tried installing illustrator on it yet.Keyboard is kinda crappy - though it has a premium feel to it, typing on it confirms a cheap non-springy feel with a lot of lost keystrokes. I am particularly annoyed with the backspace which appears to register the key-press only if you hit close to the center of the key and not on either side(though the key appears to depress).Buy this only if you are keen on getting a windows 8 machine with a stylus and if it is on sale(I got mine for a lot lesser after using promo-codes and signing up for the amazon visa card). 11.6 inch is too clunky for handheld use. That being said, I intend to use this as a backup device to my Lenovo W520 for the months to come.So far, I havent faced any issues with wireless as indicated in earlier reviews or with the keyboard losing connectivity(other than lost keystrokes due to the crappy keyboard).This tablet isnt suited for browser based (flash) video playback on sites like youtube. So if that is something you intend to do a lot, stay away from this tablet.
computer|I dont why people purchase this tablet, the ATT version of this tablet is even cheaper and you can use ATT 4g on it, I got mine there for 635!Search key word:Samsung ATIV Smart PC 500T With AT&T 3G/4G LTE (NO Contract) 11.6 inch Windows 8 tablet With Keyboard Atom Z2760 2GB 64GB MicrosHDMI
computer|We purchased a few of these for our business. Windows 8 works perfectly on these and I like it more and more everyday.
computer|I loved that it was a tablet as well as a laptob and it had full version of Windows 8. I did not like that it kept shutting down applications that were running and was very slow. For a $700 computer, I expected more. It was very expensive and you don't get your money's worth. I sent it back and get a Samsung Series 3 laptop for the same price and it runs so much better.
computer|this is the unboxing of my atvi . i really have enjoyed it only thing i don't like is the power port it hasCPU 1.8 quadRAM 2gb ddr3hard drive 64gb ssd with mirco slot for adding up to 64gb more1 usb 3.01 HDMIi find it very responsive for my needs the touch screen is great im looking forward to windows blue (or windows 9 if you would rather) to see how they improve the GUI
computer|This is the future and people don't even know it. The ability to have a complete computer and a table in one comfortable and beautiful package is amazing. I've been an apple fan boy for awhile and still will keep certain products but with ability to add an sd card and 128gb for the price of a 64gb ipad it became a no brainer to sell my ipad. W8 is still not polished but the vast capabilities of a full operating system cannot beat at this price. You will not regret getting this tablet the metro interface is smooth as butter and hd video is perfectly sharp with lag or issues. The battery life is great and the weight is comparable to an ipad but with much larger screen. The keyboard essentially makes it full blown lap top.
computer|In the beginning, the computer was great. I got the keyboard for it, and then it was very great. There was one problem, though: the keyboard kept falling apart, it did not lock, and it didn't stay in place. I thought it was bad design, but I decided to exchange the keyboard, and now it is great. One thing, though, you must disable fast start option if you want a more stable system. Probably a Windows 8 issue. Disabling it did not affect the performance. I really love this machine. The one thing that bothers me is that one month later it is already $100 less than the price I paid for it. Had I waited...
computer|Ativ was beyond my expectations. It helped me in writing books and that too at a very rapid rate. Itbcan be a great tool for writers and journalists.
computer|I can honestly say that I am 110% happy with my purchase, AND, Samsung's online help chat line was great in helping me sort out something silly that I mangled. AND, who knew windows 8 would be such a blast! I love it. I find myself using this little gem more and more. Battery life is impressive, it goes on and on. It's light, it doesn't heat up, it's fast, and the detachable keyboard is easy to type on - AND can be used on an aircraft because it isn't Bluetooth, AND... well you get the idea, I think this is a winner for the price. If I had to find something to complain about it would be that the detachable keyboard is as heavy or heavier than the device itself. So when attached it's a hefty. I guess I could complain that I lost the included stylus once already. Or that it doesn't have an Ethernet port (bought an adapter, works great) or that sometimes when I turn it on the Wi-Fi is slightly sluggish in connect. But these are not enough for me to rate it less than 5. I love my Samsung ATIV Smart PC 500T with Windows 8. I'm not so thrilled with Office 2013, but that's not part of this review.
computer|First I ordered the pen was not working properly. Second is fine and working well with Adobe Suite, Microsoft Office, Cakewalk Sonar X2 etc. Added 64 GB Micro SD and installed some programs on the card so the internal memory doesn't get filled up.Speed is good enough and battery lasts for a whole day.
computer|You must perform all Windows and Samsung updates, but after that it is the most versatile machine I have ever used. It sometimes hangs on startup resulting in 4/5 stars. Hopefully a future update will correct this issue.
computer|It's big, but so far I've found very little that this doesn't do well in my work and related travel. So far, I think this will easily be a complete laptop replacement for me.
computer|I use this tablet to stream video from my Windows media center, surf the internet, read email and remote desktop into other pcs on my network.I like:I can install any windows app on itI can upgrade windows 8 to win 8 probattery lifesize and weightPortrait mode for viewing webpages, the large wide screen lets me see more of the page I am reading.I can run the full chrome browserPlay media center wtv files in full hd over wifi smoothlyopen any file type & generally do anything I can on a desktopI dont like:I store my dvds on my media center in avi xvid format, this pc can't decode them smoothly so they are unwatchablethe lack of a desktop menu system in windows 8, I have to return to metro to see all the apps or create shortcutsLack of metro appsIE version in metro its not the same as the desktop version but is customized for touchinitial bugs - wifi disconnecting, hardware driver problems - this has gotten a lot better since release
computer|The software glitches on the tablet have been frustrating. It periodically loses the sound (requiring us to restart windows), cannot automatically connect to the intranet upon start-up, and has &#34;hung up&#34; once or twice. We also had to contact the help desk and install a &#34;fix&#34; to the sound driver. For someone who is not technically savvy, it has been challenging to work with. With hindsight, we wish we would have gotten a different product (or waited until the software had been de-bugged.)
computer|I got the Samsung ATIV Smart PC 500T, with keyboard and S-pen, around the beginning of December, 2012. Since then it has nearly become all I use. Originally I bought it as an upscale tablet, thinking that if I get any desktop functionality out of it that would be a bonus. The first major thing I did with it was travel to a conference where I was able to use it all day long on a single charge, and still have more than 40% juice left over. Both laptop and tablet modes are excellent. The pen is good too. After 4 days of the conference I calculated I would get 11-12 hours per charge if I let it discharge fully (about 40% brightness, which is all I really needed). I've not had any quality issues with the keyboard and tablet becoming disconnected physically. Though once in a while (per week) I suspect the electrical connection gets interrupted, but most of the time a one second re-connection is all that's needed rather than a power-off reboot. Windows 8 is great. Not perfect, but great. The side swipes take 10 minutes to learn if you watch somebody using it on a video, and in about an hour you can be a pro. Unless you have trouble tying your shoes I'd say don't worry about learning the new operating system, you should be fine with it. And once I got used to it I think it truly is a step forward. Much easier than IOS. Makes my wife's IPAD seem cumbersome and dull. Honestly, the apps are still not there yet. Lots of good ones are ready, but there's a lot that I still miss. And I don't know if will ever happen but it would be great if some of my favorite IOS apps would be released in Win 8.
computer|The Samsung 500T Windows 8 Pro has done laps around the comparable tablets that run other "operating systems" for similar prices in areas of footprint, battery life, screen size and processing power. I have the ATIV 500T running Windows 8 Pro being prototyped with various thin and thick client software key to running our business (JAVA/VB/C/etc.)The USB port hooks up to existing PC keyboard/mouse; provides full business work day of battery life while multitasking in full Microsoft Office Pro (including Access and large Excel sheets while full Outlook client running) while not using AC cord; HDMI output and integration to Windows 8 compatible multi-touch monitors such as a 10-point 23" LED for full Windows 8 desktop experience or VGA adapter to existing monitors; seamless corporate instant messaging system and Microsoft Exchange integration; 64GB sd card added and a USB HUB allows other USB storage drives to leave room for additional thick client installations.And of course, it is a great tablet for all of those non-business apps and games :) and can run old school SW and games collected over the years on WinXP and Win7.
computer|I am using this thing for art purposes. It is not an answer to your prayers. If you are already comfortable with a traditional PC set up, you won't be comfortable with this. It's like switching from a car to a motorcycle. There are advantages and disadvantages.This thing works best for speedy sketches. Because the screen is so slick. It feels like drawing in a plastic sketchbook. So long as you keep up the pace the line work is smooth and unmatched. Slow cautious drawing comes out jagged and wonky.This thing has logistical issues with key commands. There are other design related issues that come with that. If your typing your typing If your designing your designing and the two never meet.Another gripe I have is the poor recognition around the edges. PC interface is designed around the edges. So opening and closing and minimizing windows are a headache.Don't get me started on the failure that is Windows 8. The shiny new UI is mostly subjective and useless. Good thing they kept the traditional desktop for meat and potatoes. This thing has no legitimate start menu. I've been using this everyday for a month and still lose important menus. I have to do a hard shut down in order to restore some basic functions that disappear. I rarely use the shiny new area. Too bad because it's so pretty.The Battery life on this baby is better than expected. It's about 8 hours. It never heats up either. This machine is light too. You can take this thing out on a sketch crawl if you'd like. The glare is a problem though. Low light scenarios would be ideal.The processor is very weak. So expect this thing to crash regularly. Don't expect to do anything too big without lag and don't bet on any 3D modeling. For the price and convenience Just be happy it does anything useful at all.
computer|Wow the shipping was less then 30hrs The tablet is fast and snappy. Was a little dissapointed had to to 69 for win8 pro upgrage and not 39 . Had to do a factory reset and lost the s note application cant download anywhere, Battery is great, i g uess for the money was worth it, i would recommend to a friend.
computer|If your looking for a tablet that is a " Jack of all trades, but master of none" then this the one. While it can run x86 windows applications the 2 Gigs of ram really is only 1 gig as the OS its self uses 1 gig just to run, meaning any application you run will bog down quickly. I think if they went with 4 gigs the performance would be drastically improved.Also the processor and or eMMC memory is slow as well, I had to do a full restore and this process took 2 HOURS and 20 MINUTES to run. I had to do this very same thing on an older dual core Intel processor and a 5400 rpm 500 GB hard drive and it only took about 30 minutes to complete. I ran a system refresh last night verses the complete wipe and that only took 28 minutes to complete so if you have to repair try the refresh 1st other wise be prepared to wait around for a few hours.Samsung's Software updater for me was broken out of the box so I had to download a patch directly from the website to get it download driver updates that it needed. I still can't get the windows update from Samsung to install. I've left running for 2 hours and as yet it still hasn't installed.I am thinking of contacting Samsung just to make sure that there isn't something wrong with my unit to confirm all of the issues I am having.I do like the screen and keyboard, but then again I've been using android tablets and convertibles for 2 years so having the extra room feels very spacious.If anything changes I'll update this review.
computer|I love this product except for 2 things. The light dims quite often. When the tablet opens after sleep mode it does not always request a password. I have programmed it to request a password at all times. Some assistance to correct this would be appreciated.
computer|It has a very good shape and attraction. You can have a perfect experience when it be used for entertainment. But it is not a good idea for business work.
computer|As other comment in Google of AVIT, the keyboard dock is very easily disconnected, making life so tough to play AVIT.And Win8 is still unstable this time, especially with native Chinese Input Method (Pinyin &#25340;&#38899;).I will say this product is not a mature one, expecting Samsung can improve it better.
computer|I had none of the start up problems as some others did, seeing that I followed the instructions that came with it on updating all the drivers first before you attach it to the keyboard.Not a lot of Metro apps to choose from. Some of them that I tried ( social media apps) and wasn't impressed.The brightness of the screen fluctuates a lot. Gets irritating sometimes. Not sure if it is a way to save power. Memory is over half used with windows 8. So it doesn't leave much room to install a lot of stuff.Battery power is excellent although.
computer|Love the tablet, having all kinds of connectivity problems when keyboard is attached, so that is out, and then windows 8 is a true disaster on here, tablet is not the place for it. Very unhappy with this product, if you need windows 8 get it in true computer form.
computer|This tablet runs well up until a new update gets installed.It will act buggy for awhile until it finally pulls it together.I have been also dealing with WIFI taking 2 minutes to reconnect.I am incredibly disappointed with Samsung Technical Support as they seem to be completely at a loss regarding any fix whatsoever.Then they try to convince you that no one else is having WIFI issues but I did a simple Google and found tons of people are having the same problem.I have been talking to their tech support since last November.Last I spoke with them, they wanted me to send my tablet in for repair since I am the only weirdo having this problem.Well maybe someone at Samsung needs to use Google, Bing, or Yahoo! every once and awhile.I am not sending my tablet in.I read elsewhere from another owner that this is a known issue that got elevated to Samsung Engineers.So why is tech support acting like they've never heard of it then?I would not recommend purchasing this tablet until WIFI connectivity is addressed.
computer|Windows 8 Pro is great and works fine with the Samsung tablet but.... the tablet is too big. It is like holding a full size laptop as a tablet. After gotten used to the Surface, it is hard to use this tablet which is heavier, slightly thicker and much bigger. I'm going for the Iconia w510 just because of the wait and thickness.The advantage of this tablet over the Surface is that it has the full version of Windows but I miss the Surface keyboard. Can anyone make the perfect tablet, please?
computer|Tab is Fab, other than the Keyboard disconnecting as many others have already mentioned. If you are like me do not plan to use the keyboard often it's a super Windows 8 (Full) tab.
computer|Look/Feel:I think this looks great! and the keyboard is nice to type on. I love the color, but I wish the whole thing were the same nice matte as the keyboard is. However I've read that asian markets (and Samsung being a korean brand) prefer the shiny glossy look to their electronics. So we get stuck with it as well.The dock feels nice, but the tablet computer itself feels a little flimsy. Not enough to worry about from regular use. But a couple of areas are creaky and flex a bit too much, especially where the dock port is under the windows button.The screen looks great and gets plenty bright.PC:I've used netbooks in the past when they first came on the scene, and while the experience has gotten a little better, this atom still isn't up to regular computing tasks. It can handle light use of some heavier applications for photo, video, and music, but you'll spend as much or more time waiting on the computer than you will actually accomplishing anything. Even browing gets slow with multiple tabs going and any time of multitasking. So I'd say for my uses, the performance of atom still isn't there yet. The battery life on the other hand is great, and has come a long way.Tablet:Windows 8 for tablet mode is not near as intuitive and smooth as android or ios. It's actually feels rather cumbersome. Initially I was going to purchase this w/o the keyboard to save money. But then the price dropped, and getting it with the keyboad was the same price. I'm glad I got the keyboard, because I would hate to use this solely as a tablet.But since I'm using it with the keyboard all the time, I'd rather just get a more powerful laptop for less or equal money.S pen:The wacom pen is what drew me to this as opposed to the other options. It works great! But the pen is actually smaller and less comfortable than the pen they include with the galaxy note 10.1.I will say though, that using a dumb pen on an ipad was easier for me than using a nice wacom pen on this computer. The compter, weak atom processor, and windows 8 combine to make a hassle.I would not recomment the ATIV500t at this time. The only things I'll miss are the wacom, screen, and battery life. But the overall experience makes it not worth it.
computer|I have had mine for a a month and already reset it twice to factory settings, so it has been a frustrating experience. I've played with it all this time and really want to love it, but there are so many glitches. The apps behave erratically: they will open and close, or I will be watching something on Netflix and it'll go back to the Start Menu. IE on the start menu behaves very different from the one on the desktop; it is rather erratic. I find it hard to enjoy this "dual" mode of Window 8, and certain things only work of the desktop mode.I have called Samsung several times, but it seems its customer service is not the most efficient. Every time I call, even though I am a registered customer, I have to provide the model number. Moreover, when I asked to be transfered to level 2 technical support, I was told they were busy (!). What kind support is that?Finally, I am going to have to send the product back to Samsung. Very disappointing...
computer|The tablet is nice however the point pen doesn't work all the time but I do like the tablet. Please make a jacket for it where it will prop up
computer|I tried this machine for work purposes given that it runs MS Office, the full version of Chrome (unlike the iPad that does not run Chrome extensions), and many legacy applications. First, get ready for a Windows 8 experience. While &#8220;Modern UI&#8221; apps are optimized for a touch screen, the current version MS Office is not and the touch points are difficult to activate with these tablet devices. MS Office programs are the standard desktop versions, and Windows 8 switches to the desktop view when Word, Excel, or Powerpoint are launched. I found it difficult to navigate the menus in MS Office and had to repeatedly press to find the activation point for a menu. Chrome isn&#8217;t optimized for the touch screen either and I had the same issue with touch point activation.I could have trained myself on the touch points with enough time, but the keyboard dock failed after about 30 minutes of light use. Yes, it was connected correctly (power LED light on), and it would work for several seconds but then became unresponsive and useless as a keyboard (but worked as a charging dock).Overall, I would wait for more tablet optimized apps before purchasing a Windows 8 tablet. I expect Samsung will work on the issues with the keyboard since they&#8217;re such a solid company and responsive to consumer&#8217;s issue (I own another Samsung computer [Windows 7] and am very pleased with the hardware and performance).
computer|I've been looking forward to a tablet like this for years, I've always wanted to be able to run windows legacy programs on a tablet and while I've tried a number of previous windows tablets they all lacked an OS that was touch friendly.The combination of the touch screen and S-Pen with windows 8 I thought would be perfect, the addition of the keyboard dock just sweetened the deal.However after eagerly awaiting the release (and being disappointed at how little info was available even the day before release) I got my hands on 1, thankfully I was on vacation in California at the time since it took WEEKS for them to be available in Colorado Springs (and they sell out as soon as they get them). I happened to buy the ONLY 1 that staples in San Diego had (How did they only get 1????) but they did not have the keyboard dock, I figured no big deal I'll order one or get one in a store surely within a week... Here it is 11/23/2012 almost an entire month after release and I still CANNOT get a keyboard dock, this is just unacceptable! The vendors listed as "in stock" on samsungs website do not actually have the product "in stock" and confirmed to me that they still have not received a single one! This was a primary reason for purchasing this tablet over other brands was because of the docking keyboard (and yes I have bluetooth keyboards, but I wanted the DOCKING KEYBOARD)In addition to the absolutely poor release of the product and accessories is the hardware and software issues. The S-Pen driver would crash on a regular basis required disabling/enabling of the driver to get it working again, finally fixed weeks later once again a major part of why I chose this tablet and it's a samsung flagship thing, you'd think they would have tested it before release.The wifi drivers seemed to work fine at first (connected to many networks without issues) now it will often not connect (or connect and then disconnect) requiring activation of airplane mode to reset the wifi, sometimes this works and sometimes it has to be done 5 or 6 times, sometimes multiple rebooting of both the tablet and wifi networks is required.I would not recommend this product to ANYONE until samsung figures out if they are going to support this product with accessories and software updates to make the hardware work properly.
computer|I have had mine for about a week now and I've had the BSOD twice. It is great on RT mode, but the desktop mode is often unresponsive to screen touches and the S pen doesn't work there at all. I hate that the onscreen keyboard display automatically in desktop mode like it does in RT.I love a lot about it. I won't say don't buy it, but don't buy it without the keyboard. Desktop mode is useless without it.
computer|Overall I do like it. However, right now I have to return it because the keyboard dock randomly disconnects] hope the replacement is better.
computer|I wanted to like this tablet. I really did. In fact, I would have considered keeping it, but for that much money, I'd rather get something that I can really count on. First -- I didn't have the keyboard, so that's not an issue for me. I was very impressed with the build quality. It is extremely good. The screen is great, and although much larger than my ipad, I rather liked the size. It was not heavy. The battery life was very good (never timed it, but I'd guess it was more than 8 hours). Yes, it's plastic, but so what? It felt good in the hands and was sturdy (much more sturdy than the Acer Iconia w500 I returned.)Here's the thing. For $650 -- as much as an expensive ipad which would work perfectly (I'm not an apple fanboy. I've always had windows, but I HAVE had an ipad, so I know), it just isn't there. The tablet would lock up at least 4 times A DAY -- requiring a hard reboot. Now, the reboot was really fast -- faster than an ipad. But my ipad only needed a hard reset maybe 4 times a month. In addition, the sound on the 500T (which was otherwise GREAT -- stereo and plenty loud) would randomly stop working, requiring a soft reboot -- maybe 4 times a day, again. Now, again the reboot was fast, but REALLY??? I've NEVER had to do that with my ipad -- or even my 5 year old WINDOWS desktop & laptop. Lame. Lastly, wifi connections were iffy. They seemed to drop randomly and for no reason. In addition, the tablet only picked up my 802.11n signal twice (not showing it at all on all other occasions.).Now, being accustomed to random problems with windows, I'd have even put up with all this -- because, as I said, the reboots were FAST! BUT -- and I tried to get by this as hard as I could -- the apps just aren't there. Listen to what I'm saying. I LIKE WINDOWS 8. It's fast. It seems stable. I like the metro UI. But the Metro apps just aren't there yet. Yes, you can use the desktop because it is real Windows 8 (not RT), but that doesn't always work well without a keyboard. There are several bible apps that I've grown to depend upon (I'm a pastor), and although they have metro apps available -- most of the functions present on the ipad and on android are missing. And, as noted above, the desktop versions are not finger friendly. But whatever.The problem is that this seems to be true generally for other apps as well. For example: Flixter doesn't let you find local (or any) showtimes. What's the point of that?? The "good" Google Maps app (which is not free) is pathetic (No real street view.) The ebay app doesn't let you "search item description." (??!!) The Kindle app takes up to one second **or longer** to turn ONE page in a book. The chrome METRO app doesn't let you pinch and zoom -- or manually zoom at all (outside of settings). (IE in metro is actually great.) The Amazon app was nothing more than a "window shopping" app. If you wanted to do anything serious -- like look at your account, it kicked you over to the web. Although the calendar app is OK, there are NO other options in the Windows store at all. These are just a few examples of the Metro app shortcomings. Other concerns are that the games my kids played on my ipad (almost all of them) are not available. I'd even have re-bought them, but you can't buy what doesn't exist.So, despite my misgivings about iPad I'm disappointed to say that I'm going back there. At least the things I need and use ALL THE TIME actually do what they are supposed to do.
computer|I wanted a light weight laptop with full Windows 8 (not RT) to support MS Office & QuickBooks to carry in my briefcase when visiting clients. This product was the perfect buy. I have been a computer consultant for over 25 years and this product meets ALL my needs. I can access my clients wireless to print invoices with QuickBooks & print any instruction sheets necessary. It is light weight, smaller than my netbook but yet very usable. I didn't even purchase the keyboard, the virtual works great. It has plenty of onboard memory and more Ram than many laptops. I am able to eliminate file folders & type my client notes in office OneNote onsite.If you are looking for a Windows, not cellular, based product THIS IS THE ONE. Don't mistake the I-pad for a PC, it's a glorified cell phone that cannot make calls or access all web-based programs/sites. My second choice was the Microsoft Surface, but it has Windows 8 RT. Shame on Microsoft!! Don't buy the surface, buy the Samsung ATIV 500T Smart PC!Cons: Windows 8 glitches. It won't stay connected to wireless, but Microsoft is working on that. Quickly remedied by disconnecting & reconnecting in seconds. It is not a product failure.I would recommend this Samsung ATIV 500t in a heartbeat to anyone wanting a tablet type computer.
computer|Love the touch screen along with windows 8 on a tablet. The battery lasts forever and I the quick disconnect from the keyboard.Now it is a little top heavy, but stays in whatever position you keep it in. The only issue I have right now is with some of the windows 8 apps not saving favorites and things like that nothing to do with the PC itself. I would recommend for anyone that is looking for windows 8 portability for a decent price. The reason I did not do a Microsoft surface or a couple others was due to their price and also the ability to use on your lap. Most of the time my fiance uses it while laying down, and that's where this and the Asus both have the piano hinge and not the back stand. I would recommend this or the Asus, it really comes down to preference but I have had no issues and thoroughly enjoy the use of the PC.
computer|I was looking for something for something more tha my iPad but not a laptop and I found it, this table work just the way I want to you get the benefit of a full window PC on a light weight sleek package.Pro:Light, fast boot, love the Metro UI, USB support, Micro SD support, stylusNot being able to play crisis or Diablo is not a con those games are not optimize for window 8 and if you purchase the Ativ 500 for that than you going to be disappointed .
computer|This is a nearly-perfect tablet and for the price I honestly don't believe there's a better full Windows 8 tablet on the market.Note: I do not have the keyboard dock - just the tablet itself. If you want the keyboard as well keep in mind that there are numerous reports of connection issues with the dock where the tablet thinks the keyboard gets detached and then reattached. I can't confirm this, but definitely do your research first.For just the tablet itself I think this a great device and I've been very happy with it for the last month or so. There are only a couple of negatives, though minor:* The screen is the biggest fingerprint magnet I've ever seen in years of having touchscreen devices. Everyone I've shown the tablet to says the same thing. The screen is otherwise good - colors, clarity, etc., but wow those fingerprints.* The USB and MicroSD ports have those really cheesy port covers that are a pain and feel really cheap. I'm convinced they'll break off under moderate use, but that wouldn't stop the ports from working.* After being on the market for a couple months there are still *very* few accessories for this tablet. Where are the official cases and covers from Samsung?! I had to go with a generic 10.2&#34; netbook bag from Samsonite that actually stretches out to fit the tablet quite nicely. No sign of a good, tight-fitting cover yet.
computer|Samsung has done a good job in engineering a lightweight tablet/laptop while preserving MANY of the features that provide laptop versatility on a Windows 8 machine. The computing speed is very adequate and, barring unfamiliarity with Win8 it is very functional. I've begun leaving my HP work laptop in favor of the Ativ 500T for business trips. I wish that there was an easy was to transfer files between the two (I'm using a flash drive but would LOVE to figure out how to use the wireless connection or Bluetooth to do so). My only true criticism is that Samsung should provide a tutorial for using the machine with Win8.
computer|so far it's fast I have no major problem with my tablet, I like the new windows 8, you have two choices to play with desktop and metro interfaces, still it needs more updates to fix some bugs but nothing serious, I recomond this product to everybody.
computer|I pre-ordered this with keyboard from Amazon weeks before release. When the expected ship date came and I got an email saying it was delayed, I ended up buying the tablet from a box store and the keyboard a month later from the same box store.Conceptually this tablet is great. A tablet for tablet things, and a keyboard for keyboard things. If you're a hardcore user you can run Quickbooks, Visual Studio, SQL Server, etc. then this could have been a perfect medium. But the execution is spectacularly poor, especially the keyboard dock. Could you imagine buying a desktop PC and having a keyboard that you had to wiggle the connector or push the keyboard to the right slightly, just to get the keyboard to work? Or a laptop where the keyboard wouldn't work consistently if the screen was at a certain angle? That would be unacceptable, and that's precisely what Samsung delivered with this tablet/keyboard. I get the ding-ding-ding sound of docking and undocking every 30-60 seconds, and sometimes it docks/undocks several times each go around. Changing the angle of the tablet can make it better or worse. And since I usually have the sound turned off, I'll look up and see random letters missing as I've been typing.If it were only the keyboard dock it wouldn't merit such a poor review. But I've found the tablet hardware is buggy too. There will be times you turn the tablet back on but the touchscreen has locked up. There was a time before when after a while the sound driver would lock up over time and stop working. Sometimes wifi will stop working randomly. To be fair, the problems have gotten less problematic as updated drivers have been released, but it's still not perfect. My Windows 7 ThinkPad can go weeks going into and out of standby without ever being restarted. This tablet can't seem to go a day without a restart.And don't get me started on the quirks of Windows 8 in general.I do have to admit the battery life is phenomenal. I used the tablet for nine of the thirteen hours on a flight to Asia and had plenty of battery life left. I had to restart the tablet three of four times in the process... but at least it's quick to boot up. This and the fact that it has a pen, which other tablets don't have, is the only redeeming factor. If there was to be another tablet/keyboard combo out there with a pen I'd spring for it. Until then I've pretty much stopped using the keyboard dock and started using this tablet only for OneNote and occasional web browsing... a $750 piece of hardware doing what a $3 pad of paper used to do just fine...
computer|I'm on my third ATIV, and I'm writing this review on a laptop--not on the ATIV, because I can't. That should tell you all you need to know.In case you want to read on, here's a synopsis. The ATIV is promising but glitchy. Though the first tablet worked fine, it wouldn't connect to the keyboard (the now-familiar chimes indicating "keyboard connected! keyboard disconnected!" practically haunt my dreams now). The second one connected well to the keyboard but only displayed the bios screen and wouldn't boot up.I wanted so much to like it. I bought three of them, for crying out loud. The 11" screen is huge for the overall weight of the device. I like having Windows 8 and the full compatability and power it affords. I like being able to upgrade memory and attach USB peripherals. It comes with a very good pen that stows neatly into the tablet. The keyboard is every bit as good as my huge ASUS laptop's, though of course it lacks a dedicated number pad. Typing is easy, when it works.So I tried this third ATIV in the store before I bought it. It connected to its keyboard! It booted to Windows 8 successfully! But two weeks into ownership, I can't overlook its ridiculous, productivity-halting lag when I try to multi-task. Lag, as in, I can't do anything at all for minutes at a time if I'm trying to download an update or a file.And the cursor will disappear for minutes or hours, the touchpad rendered useless. Why? I contacted a Samsung representative named "Parkin" via chat (on my laptop, not the ATIV--obviously). The essence of that conversation:Parkin: "I understand your concern. Yes, this could be an intermittent issue in your device."The solution is, apparently, to perform a "refresh" on the system, and if that doesn't fix it, perform a full restoration. So after a 15-minute "refresh" (which deleted all non-Microsoft downloads, including Firefox and the 45 minutes of system and driver updates that I had to download when I first operated the ATIV--and now re-download), the tablet/keyboard combo is worse than when I first bought it. Whereas the tablet would connect to the keyboard at first, it now repeats the chimes telling me it's connected, then disconnected, then re-connected. My spouse is currently using the un-docked tablet to play "Perry the Platypus", so at least we know it's good for something.In summary: "Blinnng! Brinnnggg!" Keyboard connected! Keyboard disconnected!If Samsung had taken a little more time on this, it could have been great. Unfortunately, it's been an infuriating waste of time and effort for me. I will cast my lot with a cheaper laptop until this technology matures.
computer|I love Samsung. My wife and I both have Samsung phones and I order the Samsung Smart TV's all the time for clients that want to use Skype. My dad purchased the 500T for my mother for Christmas to go along with her new Samsung Galaxy Note II (which she loves and works great). And I was looking forward to setting it up it because I was likely going to purchase the 700T for myself in January.When I opened the first box I noticed that the gray tape had already been cut open. And when I turned it on it was in the middle of a recovery. I went ahead and tried to configure it anyway. It wouldn't take updates and it would fail on installations. We contacted Amazon and they sent a new one out the next day. Amazon was great about it.The second one was sealed properly and looked perfect. I turned it on and set it up and was very impressed. Ran all the Samsung and Windows updates and then suddenly the touchscreen stopped working. The pen worked. But no touch. Did a complete rebuild of the OS and it resulted in the same problem. No touch screen.This device is not ready for prime time. I usually tell clients to stay away from 1st generation devices and I should have taken my own advice. Do not buy.
computer|Well... I must say I was a little dissapointed. I primarily bought this for note taking and portability. This thing is pretty heavy for a tablet. I got over the weight and it was actually pretty nice for media and apps meant to be used with your finger. I just couldn't forgive the writing issues.The touchscreen made it difficult to write notes. When I write on tablet pcs, I lay my palm on the screen when I write on tablets. Unfortunately this made pdfs move around too much before writing. I'm used to writing on thinkpad tablets... so I guess I've been spoiled. I bought and returned my tablet to Staples. Luckily Staples has a 14 day return with no questions asked.I didn't think it was slow, but it is compared to a tablet pc.Pros-battery life is amazing!-pretty sleek looking.-Software is pretty nice.-Included pen works for some note taking. I noticed a better writing experience with onenote than Windows reader.-nice build qualityCons-heavy for a tablet-big for a tablet-writing function needs work, but may be fixed via updates-tablet pc could be bought for a comparable price if you look hard enough
computer|Tablet is extremely slow and gets hot where the processor is. Biggest flop is the keyboard which does not have a battery built-in so it renders it almost useless...Windows tablets still need improvements.
computer|I bought one at office depot and played with it for 1 week, returned it today here are my impressions. The hardware feels cheap, plastic all the way around, and not the good kind of plastic... The screen is ok, scratch resistant no issue there. The pen has its small home, however it takes some effort to take it out. When it comes to speed, this Atom proccesor is ok, its not a speed demon, it tries to keep up but after a week of use for some reason the lag just kept getting worse and or I just noticed it more ? The digitizer pen would stop working and I had to do a full restart to make it wirk. Battery life ? Superb... In the end I would say its a nice unit for non power users, although this atom proccesor is a tep up, its still lags specially in desktop mode. I returned this unit and I am waiting for the core i5 models.
computer|This is the worst computer I have ever bought; I opened the box with some degree of hope only to be sqauashed;1. Windows 8 - Obviously everyones opinion will vary on this but Windows 8 is a dog with fleas. The constant moving back and forth due to some "embedded" software issues is a pain. While the buttons are ok and functional, the two part operating system is not for me as a moderatetly experienced computer user. It is difficult to find even basic system functions on this computer.2. Speed - EVERYTHING is slow on this computer and many programs that run on my Toshiba Laptop do not run at all on this tablet. Facebooks games, even the most basic operate at a snails pace or not at all and frequently just freeze up and die on the vine. The system is CONSTANTLY trying to "recover the webpage" and often fails in doing so. The tap of a button on an internet page often results in long waits or failure to do anything.3. WIFI - I ran identical programs on several units and timed them for loading speed. The tablet came in DEAD LAST on every program, in most cases significantly so. Partial page loads are frequent requiring me to reload pages all the time.I have done all the updates, tried numerous tricks and this thing is still a dog. At this time, I am going to box this piece of garbage up and look for something that actually functions. Maybe I got a lemon or maybe its just a piece of junk but again, this is the worst computer I have ever owned in my entire life and is useless for even my basic needs.
computer|I've bought a samsung ativ 500T which I'll be asking for service or return these days. Web is boiling with coursing about its detachable keyboard permanent disruption, cause of a defficient attachment mechanism. Well, that's not all. Even when KB is still working, built-in touch pad stop working at any time, and never comes back. USB mouse (any) works ok. But touch pad does not.AND SMSG SAYS (LIVE CHAT [LTK56402387308X]) THERE WILL NOT BE A PATCH FOR THE TOUCH PAD DRIVER.So, no more smsg for me at all. Sorry, cause tablet is remarkable.cjm
computer|I own an iPad4,samsung galaxy 7 tab 2 and very satisfied and i also tried acer model with win7 before ,for this built is ok but its too big to hold in hand as an tablet ,front camera seems terrible with regular window 8 program calling some problem to work every time you select it then its gone ,so didn't worked at all ,for Netflix it run grainy and blurry exploded pixel so app are not written for high resolution . If you are looking for fluidity like iPad 4 just forget about it. Window will never work on tablet version , i also sold my viliv s5 because it lack physical keyboard and front camera ( so problem with window 8 again ) .its never for tablet version . Mine is going back again and i have to stick with desktop PC and iPad 4 and android and iPhone , window is only for laptops . Samsung need to make a smaller version with 5-6 inch screen ( capacitive touch ) with 1080p resolution screen and a physical slider keyboard ( because its just window requirement ) .other wise tablet dream of window seems an dead end .
computer|The idea was there, they just really wanted to be Asus with a penthe processor just can't do anything i don't know what it was made for but even a few videos online burned it out while it had a dinner out of the battery life.the connection to the keyboard is trash, it disconnects all the time. I have a Asus transformer Prime. It just looks sad going from one to another on made for product keyboards.There are so many things wrong with this idea i'll just focus on the good.it turned onI'm sending this back and gladly taking a 20% "restocking" fee just to get it out of my house. Its a dust collector not a computer.
computer|>>>>>>>>>> UPDATE: I did finally buy this. Staples' *online* customer service is excellent. Because of my problems, they sold it to me for $579. Anyway, here's my review:(NEW REVIEW)The digital pen makes all the difference in the world and is what distinguishes this tablet from other Windows 8 tablets. You will not find another tablet with a pen at this price point. Now, this is not one of those fat-nub crayon pens; this is a small-nub digitizer pen that Samsung has branded the S-pen. It's actually a mini-pen that is about 4 inches long but it's good enough for drawing. Samsung bundles the S-Note app, which allows you to combine drawings, text, images, sound, and video. This app is great!This tablet runs the full version of Windows, which means you can run all your desktop apps. 64Gb is plenty of room. I downloaded Office Pro, Visual Studio 2012 professional, Adobe CS4 production, and still had over 15 Gb left over for storage. So basically, I can write, develop, and design on this thin and light device!Why 3 stars? It's for the average speed. It only has an Atom dual-core processor and for power users like me, the slowness is noticeable during my programming and design tasks. But for office and browsing tasks, I would rate it a 5.I know some people will argue that it should NOT be used for programming and design tasks, BUT I disagree. I believe one of the advantages of Windows tablets over Apple or Kindle or Android tablets is that Windows tablets are not just for information consumption. They can be used for information production as well. That's why we pay a premium for these tablets. It is a great tablet for information consumption, and good in a pinch for development and design work.Well done Samsung!(OLD REVIEW: Title "Good product bad customer service")For a point of comparison: I own an Acer W500--a Windows 7 tablet ($550), which I outfitted with a 64Gb SSD and installed Windows 8. Here are my impressions from playing with the Samsung at Staples. First, it's noticeably lighter and thinner than the Acer W500, a big plus. However, it was slightly longer (11.6 inch screen vs. the W500 10.1 inch screen). Second, it's noticeably faster. The swiping as well as the opening and closing of programs was significantly faster than the Acer W500 which only has an AMD C-50 1.0Ghz processor.I would have bought one, but get this--Staples only had one in stock and someone had phoned in to reserve it. I had $599 in hand, ready to buy, but the manager wouldn't sell it to me EVEN THOUGH THEY DON'T HAVE A PHONE-IN RESERVE POLICY. Unbelievable.
computer|I bought one in December 12, and I bought it as specifications said it supported 3G, AND NOW I received it says it has the SIM CARD SLOT yet SLOT is empty. Now if I make the purchase since it said 3G GSM. HOW CAN I DO NOW. - I think a lack of respect from you towards buyers
computer|purchased yesterday will be returning today..touch screen too slow and unresponsive. operating system not as good as my cell phone. too many passwords and not easy to use. instructions written for a nasa engineer not a normal user..terrrible product
computer|Hi Folks,Let me start by saying this, as for any Google Tablet goes, you can forget them, the Microsoft Tablet Operating System is "far" superior to anything even thought of by Google! If you are leaning toward a Google Tablet, save your money, buy the Kindle Fire HD, Root it and use it until it dies. If you do not have the money to buy a tablet with the new Microsoft OS, save and buy one. The big problem facing Microsoft is the price point of the tablets that offer you nothing! For the money of a Microsoft Tablet, you can buy a laptop with a CD-Rom, more memory, a larger HD and more for the same price or less. As for Cloud Computing goes, if anyone in the World buys the Cloud Computing Scam, you deserve to get what you paid for! What is that you may ask, I will tell you. While you are sleeping at night, you can be assured with everything negative happening in the world as we see it today, nothing and no one will stop the Federal Government from going in and browsing around your files, pictures and whatever other personal information you may keep on the cloud. I do not care if you use the cloud for just pictures, the fact that you are giving the Federal Government access to your data 24/7 places you at high risk of data manipulation by the Federal Government without you even knowing it is happening. One day you may wake-up and see black trucks outside your home with people in black fatigues carrying the same automatics that they are trying to ban now. Cloud Computing = The Federal Government watching you around the clock, like it or not! If and when you land yourself in court over a photo or document that you thought was nothing, it will then be your word against the Federal Government, guess who wins unless you have millions of dollars to spend for a brilliant attorney or law firm! Trust me when I tell you, it is happening from right under your nose. For this reason I refuse to buy any Apple products. Apple refuses to add an SD Slot to any iPad or iPhone. Why? I will tell you, Apple wants to control what you do on what they sell and how you do it. Apple wants to force you into using the Apple Cloud! Folks, Cloud Computing will turn the United States and the entire World into a Communist Government Worldwide while your eyes are closed! So, as for buying a new tablet with the new Microsoft OS, forget about it! If and when Microsoft places Office pre-packaged on the tablets so you can save your pictures and documents to an external storage device, not the cloud, then the time might be right to purchase the new tablet but until then, buy the Kindle Fire HD and use it for what it is! Stay away from Cloud Computing, it is the Governments Secret Internet Weapon and it will beat you every time!
computer|I did a lot of research on the Microsoft Surface RT, Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 and the Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1, and then I saw this one. I am so glad I decided on Smart PC 500T. The tablet is bigger than the other two, and it has the S Pen like the Galaxy Note does. I love that it runs a full blown version of Windows 8. I am not limited to installing just the apps from the Windows store and I'm able to install previous Windows apps on it. Even though it was a little more expensive than the previous 3 that I had researched, it was well worth the cost to me. I highly recommend this tablet.
computer|I have a smart phone & i-pod so I wanted something more than a tablet. I found it here with a computer tablet. Still learning windows 8 and how the features of tablet work, but for a 57 year old woman I'm feeling confident,HOWEVER since I wrote review in less than 2 months I now have a damaged hard drive!!! Took it in when the tablet locked up and the tech said the code claimed damaged hard drive and now I am trying to get Samsung to replace it as the code said this has been a common problem. So think twice before you buy.
computer|Good performance, but one should really go to a store to check out the dimension on it, is too wide, but good fast tablet with laptop OS.
computer|The stylus is a nice extra touch for drawing (& a few places where IE is not very touch friendly yet)
computer|Windows 8 seems just fine to me once you get the hang of all the touchscreen functions and the business of shifting between the Windows 8 home screen and the old-fashioned Windows 7-style desktop (where that's necessary.) The handwriting recognition is terrific: You can take fairly sloppy notes and see them turn into (mostly) correct letters in Word or the program of your choice. Although the Samsung keyboard/docking station has issues, which others have discussed, I no longer care because I'm very happy using the Microsoft Wedge bluetooth keyboard, whose cover doubles as a support for the tablet in either portrait or landscape mode. With the wedge, the Samsung ATIV serves fine as a small laptop.Videos also play very well - Netflix, youtube, the works - and the sound is surprisingly good. (The ATIV has a micro HDMI port for connecting to an external monitor.)There's only one problem, but it's a big one: this machine often fails to connect promptly to wireless networks that are functioning fine with other devices. Sometimes you check the list of available networks, and the one you want is not there at all.Are you out there, Samsung? Fix this, please!
computer|I previously bought windows RT tablet 64gb version with touch keyboard. Selling my ipad for windows tablet, I thought windows RT would be same as windows 7 and could run all the pc programs that I previously had.Sadly, windows RT doesn't run 'ANY' windows programs designed for intel/amd's x86 or x64.Then I looked at this item, which has "real windows" - that means it can run all the pc programs.Yes, I had troubles with keyboard, but after I have done SW update as samsung manual told me to, the problem was 99% gone. Even on my lap, the keyboard never disconnects.Well, for 1%, if you try to tilt the screen (the tablet part), the keyboard does disconnect for like a second.Other than that, tablet works flawlessly; it is fast that it feels as if I am using core i3 instead of intel atom.Also, 64gb+64gb storage plus usb for external hdd is very nice.Windows app store has very low number of apps, and yes, you won't get any good apps for now, but remember that this tablet is a pc and can run any windows programs.Pros:1. Fast tablet with enough capacity for microsoft office and apps; 128gb plus @ is way better than ipad.2. Productivity: Microsoft office, any adobe products (Flash, reader, photoshop, etc), and S note. I never thought S note would be so useful when studying or playing around with the tablet.Cons:1. Keyboard Disconnectivity: Yes, even after SW update (driver update), keyboard disconnects when you tilt the tablet.2. Apps: No, there aren't many apps, probably less than 1,500 apps right now. And no, MS store still doesn't have an app that runs bluray video files (.mkv) flawlessly.If you are looking for a microsoft tablet (that can also become laptop), or if you were trying to buy samsung galaxy note 10.1, this is the right tablet for you.
computer|I originally bought this tablet (from Office Max because at the time it wasn't availalbe at Amazon)to replace the ASUS tablet I ordered form Amazon. The order was messed up and it didn't arrive. By that time I'd done some additional research and figured out this tablet would be more to my style. For one it had more internal memory than the ASUS I was looking at and more importantly it would run regular Windows applications in its Desktop mode.I am completely satisfied with this tablet and it has taken over much of my daily processing from my laptop. I even installed Quicken on it and it handle my financials. Soon I will install a few more key programs and am wondering if, after I purchase the keyboard, whether I will need my laptop at all.I have no idea what people's seeming complaints with Windows 8 are as far as the widgets, they are informative and are familiar enough to me from my Andriod smartphone that the "adoption" of them is seamless. If I get tired of these I can click the Desktop button and there is the familiar Windows interface (minus the Start mentu, use the Charms for that stuff). The powerful command line utlities are still there if you are a power-user, it's simply the best of both worlds.I never thought, as an iPad 1 and Kindle Fire HD owner that I would find use for another tablet but this device actually makes tablet use logical. The iPad is a toy to me, I'm glad some find them so useful but even the browser crashes on it so often its chief function is for my wife to play solitare or kids to chatter endlessly at Talking Tom. I still love the Fire for what it's meant for: devouring Amazon content and some browsing. This product, however, really made me sorta understand some people's insistance that the "PC age is over". I still think they are a bit premature in signalling the PC death rattle, mind you, but the Windows 8 tablet goes much further than any I've dealt with toward convincing me this may be true.The only minor inconveniences I've noted are these:-Some things you just have to right-click. I still haven't gotten the best hang of this but you can always pull out the stylus, do a long click, and select whate you want from the menu.-Some things are just too small for me to click on without aid of the stylus. That's what it's for, of course.-IE Favorites in the "app" version are one big huge line. If you have a ton of favorites it may be best for you to use the Desktop IE. Otherwise you will be scrolling and scrolling.That's it. Other than those things, for the time I've owned it, it;s a beautiful, lightweight and powerful device. Get a keyboard to help with typing if you do it a lot (I may buy one in a bit but have lived with the touch keyboard so far.. wish they'd put a battery in the "docking station" keyboard like ASUS did, that would be helpful as battery life can always be better on a tablet) and buy a mini SD card to store your documents, pics, music, movies, whatever you want so you aren't taking up the memory on the device. Then go and enjoy it! :)
computer|I was about to return this tablet as the constant lockups and sound related issues were too much to take. But then just this weekend a few key driver updates came out. The tablet is MUCH more stable and sound issues are nearly all resolved.The docking for the keyboard does have the occasional disconnect...Sometimes resulting in non-responsive or OVERLY responsive keys. (While typing this some keys just kept repeating themselves until I re-docked the tablet to the keyboard. Now it is fine again)Overall I like it a lot. A 10.1&#34; may be a little better as a pure tablet as the 11.6&#34; of this one is a bit large for tablet use. But as a netbook/ultrabook replacement, I'm sure I prefer the slightly larger screen real estate.
computer|I've had the samsung ativ 500t for about 2 weeks. I'm actually on my second one. The first had some ghosting on the LCD, and WiFi would not automatically connect to my access point (many posts on these issues). I have my SSID hidden, and I had to unhide, connect, then hide the ssid, and finally the first samsung ativ would remember the connection. I exchanged it at Best Buy since there were still screen issues and intermittent wifi issues(For all the crud they take, they were extreamly helpful and didn't blink on my exchange!). For this second one, the Screen was perfect, no ghosting or issues. This had a different factory build, and looked different when booted. I loaded MS Office pro (Access, word, excel, onenote, etc). These run great. This is not a screamer. Youtube did ok, programs launch ok, The screen resolution is ok (this is not a retina display, it does ok). I primarily wanted a windows 8 tablet with pen input with ok battery life, and ok performance for a minimal cost...this tablet fit the bill.I added an external Micro SSD to have more storage, no issues here.One problem is that Windows 8 has an identity crisis. The Metro style apps are ok and mimic the full screen experience (not as polished) as an iPad. I find myself working in desktop mode most of the time. The problem here is that desktop mode is not smart when you try to enter data into text fields. You have to manually launch the keyboard, and it becomes cumbersome to launch, select field, edit text, etc. I created an simple program that I can launch the onscreen keyboard (look in XDA Forum or tablet pc formum for keyboardbutton!) to mitigate some of these issues.I had some issues connecting to my work network that implements WPA2 Enterprise (more wifi issues). I ended up copying the security certificate locally and adding to personal store, and it finally connected.One feature that is not well documented is the fact that the device has auto wake/sleep similar to iPad. There is a small magnetic sensor in the upper left of the device, and if you have the correct cover with a magnet in the general vicinity, it will turn on/off.I have had some lock ups, but I blame windows 8 for this.The device is a bit awkward with 11.6 display, but I use it mostly for notes, and it does a great job in this respect.Battery life is pretty good. I don't use it 100%, so the battery easily lasts a full work day and then some, with 30% or more left at the end of the day. If you watch a lot of videos or constantly have the screen on, you may only get 6-8 hours.One comment I see in many posts. UPDATE THE FIRMWARE before doing anything else. The samsung update software is good, but manually update the software from the application interface (don't do a bulk update!). Do the BIOS first. follow instructions, reboot. Then the WiFI, reboot. Then the sound driver, reboot. then graphics driver, reboot. Then the chipset, reboot. Then any of the other installs.Overall, after issues with the first one, I'm fairly happy with this device, though it was painful to get to where I am now with the settings and software.EDIT March 15, 2013After a windows 8 update, my wifi connection to my work enterprise wifi is dead again. I have had repeated lockups with this device. Downgrading the rating to 2 starts. This is a POS. I say buy the device, play with it,and return it so Samsung can eat the repair/refurb costs. They should not be allowed to sell this crap, and they pushed it out the door.
computer|Just got this today. It is my first tablet. I had only seen the Ipads so was not sure what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised.Pros: it came fully charged and immediately started configuring windows 8 when I turned it on. I was concerned that the larger 11.6 inch screen would be pixilated, but not so; the display is very crisp and clear. It connected up to my wireless n without any issues. It Loads apps quickly and seems to have enough power to run several at a time. The Netflix app needed an upgrade which took no time at all. I like the full size USB slot as it will come in handy until my Bluetooth mouse get here. Cheaper than the Ipad 2 64 and a much bigger screen. This has all the features of a pc and the portability of a tablet.Cons: If you don't know windows 8 this would be a real challenge to navigate.Power plug is on the bottom so if you don't have a stand the left side rests on the plug.Good luck finding a leather case for it. It is too big for any that I found.I really like the idea of a PC/Table in one, however the keyboard docking station would be a big plus if you are going to use it as a pc also. With that same thought, it comes with 64 GB of storage but would recommend the 64 GB micro SDXC Memory card also.All in all for the short time I have used it I love it.
computer|The premises that the device was created are great: you can use your home OS in your tablet and you can also turn it into a notebook/netbook. All of that would be amazing only if it didn&#8217;t break on the 3rd day of use. It simply froze and won&#8217;t start again...Well, stuff can break, right? That was what I first thought, but after browsing on the internet (looking specifically for that kind of malfunction) I discovered that has happened to a lot of people. In all of the cases Samsung collected the items from the people and gave them a new device or simple refunded the owners.All that being said, sadly, I got on more trouble than most people. Of course you don&#8217;t expect your device to break with a few days of use and it&#8217;s annoying to have it changed and all that but in my case, thing got a turn to the worse because I don&#8217;t live in the USA!I bought a tablet to bring it back home, in Brazil, and the device just stopped working in here! In the documentation Samsung says that their computer has worldwide warranty but when contacted in here I was told that because that device is not sold in here they don&#8217;t have qualified people to make it work.I was told to contact Samsung in the US but the warranty form online only allows me to fill in addresses in the USA for them to collect the item.In a nutshell, I bought one of the most expensive tablets in the market and now I own a carcass of a computer that can&#8217;t even be used as spare parts of a notebook because it&#8217;s a sealed device, made for official maintenance only.If you&#8217;re feeling lucky or don&#8217;t care about having to change your device after a few days of use, go ahead and buy it but if you don&#8217;t want any headache (even living on the US) try something else.
computer|Tablet and keyboard do not connect. I found the reason. Right edge of the keyboard where the tablet is supposed to insert was bent so that the tablet dose not insert in it completely. It is because of the molding failure. This is because of Low quality of Samsung product. I am very disappointed.
computer|So my experience with this product has been less then stellar. It constantly freezes. No BSOD, I'm forced to shut it down by holding down the power button. Then the audio will also stop working randomly and I'll be forced to restart it for it to work. I've requested a return but I have yet to hear back. Another issue that has popped up - now it constantly boots to the BIOS and no where else. I have no idea what's going on. I definitely do not recommend this product.
computer|It is a good tablet /computer.I was thinking it was going to be the 10.1 tablet. That's what I really wanted. To late to return it now because I needed a tablet for work. If there was a way to return it and not go with out a tablet I would. But I will say it is a very good device .If it didn't lock up Sometimes it would be perfect.
computer|First, if you are looking for a tablet, this is not what you want. Get the ASUS Transformer or Nexus 10 (Android) or iPad if you like Apple products. This will give you notebook functionality in a heavier and wider tablet format. Windows 8 is a new OS so when you first set this up, make sure to go to the desktop and run the SW Update program from Samsung and update ALL the drivers and software. Keep doing this until all the software is updated and it is recommended to continue to check every month or so as well. This is not the same as the windows updates that will also need to be done periodically.Now, once you understand that this is a notebook, not a tablet, you will enjoy it as long as you are a casual user. The CPU is slow for graphic intensive tasks. But for every day email, web, videos, music, etc. it is great. I can say that for a portable computer with a touch screen and a stylus, it is a good device. I wish it would only cost $499 given that the CPU is slow (Atom based).
computer|Picked one up on October 27. I am surprised at how fast this thing is. Booting up from off state is so much faster than my iPad 2 (can't compare to the 3 or new 4). Runs many x86 legacy apps, I say many because some do not run and freeze up. HP has crappy Windows 8 printer driver support, not the tablet's fault. Some games do not run after installation or tablet is to underpowered to run them effectively. The programs that do run, run very fast. I tried office 2007 and 2010 and both ran smoothly, digitizer stylus works very well with Samsung not app as well as one note. I have a feeling when more Windows RT apps come out this tablet will be even more useful. I gave it 4 and not 5 stars because to me the size could be smaller, if the screen was 10.1 it would be even better as a portable, all around computing solution. Nice to have a "computer" finally to use on the go.
computer|The tablet itself is great, no qualms. Was so excited about the tablet that I pre-ordered a keyboard dock to go with it, and waited two months for the keyboard while using the tablet without one.The keyboard dock doesn't work: as you'll read in dozens of other reviews, it randomly disconnects about every 10 to 15 seconds. Samsung has given me the absolute runaround in their support department: I've been put on hold for an hour (in two-minute increments), I've had tickets referred to supervisors, I've waited days for callbacks (which never arrived), and I've seen zero motion on getting the keyboard fixed or replaced. My original transaction for swapping out the broken keyboard for a functional one was *rejected* by corporate.I'm incredibly furious with Samsung right now, and am busily researching laws about breach of warranty in preparation for bringing suit: they won't take the part back and won't repair it, despite the fact that their own support technicians admit that this is a common problem with this part. It's inexplicable.I'm done with Samsung, and I don't care how nice the tablet itself is: I'll never buy another Samsung product, and I recommend you don't either.
computer|I went to a local Office Depot and was able to get my hands on both the Samsung ATIV Smart PC and the HP Envy 2X 11" Convertible - upon which the Samsung imitation seems to be based. Both are about the same size, very similar case, very similar connection between the tablet and keyboard portions. Both are touch screen and both run the full version of Windows 8 with 2 Gigs of RAM and an Atom processor. However...I found the responsiveness of the touch screen, (having the tablet respond correctly to what I was selecting), very different between the two comparables. When working in small type areas, The HP tablet/screen was far more responsive and selected the intended item from the drop down menu correctly most of the time. It performed much better than the Samsung. I think this is the same area where Apple products often triumph over Android - in the responsiveness of the touch screen. And here it seemed that the higher quality brand does in fact triumph over the imitator. (I don't hate Samsung, I have a Galaxy Note. Just sayin.)So, while there are so many considerations over all - for me I felt this was a considerable issue. I don't want to be frustrated with a computer that is constantly fighting with me on the touch screen - like I am with my phone. So, I'm leaning towards the HP Envy convertible instead.PS: My STARS rating pertains to JUST the touch screen functionality of the product. I don't feel qualified to compare the computer as a whole without spending time on both machines. I DID und up buying the HP Envy Convertible. I am feeling about "3.5 to 4" on the product. So far.
computer|I waited to purchase this tablet from back in November 2012. Finally ordered after a couple of price changes and the release with Windows 8 right after the holidays, the first part of January 2013. Had tablet for about three weeks before I returned it to Amazon. Was never able to get it to connect through the WiFi. Was never able to get past the log-in page because it asked for a password that was not provided and it didn't respond to the usual "Admin" password. We tried to use the Microsoft Account log-in and the little cursor just spun never connecting. Found a recommendation online to inactivate the Bluetooth. How do you do this when you can't get in. I contacted Samsung and the first thing they asked for was the s/n that is almost impossible to read because it is printed on the back of the dark blue case in really small print. Finally called back the second time and the two hours were spend with the guy asking me to wait while he helped someone else. When he was finally able to spend some time with me, he advised that I reinstall Windows 8. He also said that I was being asked for a password because one had already been set by someone else but the box appeared to be factory sealed when I received it and I never got a chance to input a password.Also be aware of a couple of other things if you decide to take a chance:1. There is very little help out on the internet for this tablet, most are reviews prior to release2. I charged it completely while talking to Samsung, then put it in sleep mode and lost almost all the charge by the following morning3. There are very few cases out there unless you want to carry a computer bag (that should have been another clue)..I wanted this tablet because of the computer capability, size and weight. It would have been perfect if it had worked. I believe it was released before its time. Dell and Microsoft kept postponing their release of a similar product and now I understand why.Thank you Amazon for making the return possible. Now if I could get a complete refund for the case I can't use, it would be a complete refund success.I am going to purchase an Ipad.
computer|Good product pen is hard to slide out and windows took getting use to everything else great on this machine
computer|My Samsung smart pc came with a damage operating system, Samsung gave me a repair form. i did send this and two weeks later they say the i have no warranty and now i did pay $70 for installation and return of my product.After one month and a half i still waiting for my product.. this is unacceptable.the people in charge to repair this is not samsung people, is another company, so they have contradictions and collide with the system and everything.
computer|Summary: Don't go into bios. It will brick your tablet.I'm a nerd. I actually get paid to restore peoples' virus infected computers. I've VERY proficient with Windows, and actually have Windows 8 Pro on my desktop that I am typing this from. I love Windows 8. Allow me to repeat that. I LOVE WINDOWS 8. Windows 8 was not the issue with this product, Samsung was.Okay, so when I buy computers I put them through some basic tests (benchmarks, and ensuring that the computer can be easily recovered if it cannot boot.) I got this tabled and loved it the first day. The Atom processor provides great battery life and is actually decent on performance. 2 GB of ram is a little low for me, but Windows 8 only takes about half a gig of ram, leaving a gig and a half for myself. Windows and "Metro" apps worked well. The tablet cameras are disappointing. Oh well. Anyways, let's get to the real problem. I made a Windows system image of the tablet on my external hard drive. Then, I try to restore from that image via advanced boot options.>Samsung has BLOCKED windows recovery options, forcing you to use Samsung's recovery.Samsung's recovery told me to hold volume up and then power in order to get into recovery mode. This did nothing. Absolutely nothing. Okay. So now, let's try that nice "Remove everything and re-install windows" button in computer settings.>Windows tells me to insert the installation media provided with the computer because Samsung removed some of the files required to complete the recovery.>Samsung did not provide any media with the tablet.Okay, let's go into bios and boot from a USB CD and maybe I can use Acronis True Image (3rd party imaging software that WORKS on my Windows 8 desktop, mind you) like that to recover.I got into bios by holding down the power and home/windows button. Bios loads. No boot order options in bios. None. Nada.Okay, let me go into advanced boot options and boot to USB like that. What's this? I can't get out of BIOS? What?Yep.I got into a BIOS loop.Rebooted the thing, loads directly into bios. No windows boot at all.No recovery mode.Nothing.Just a useless bios that doesn't even have boot order/options to boot to another device.In a nutshell, bricked.Took it back to Stables, the help desk brought out their techies, and they gave up in ten minutes. Got my money back. Ashamed at Samsung's glitch-filled bios.
computer|UPDATE TO MY REVIEW On november 24:I been using this Tablet PC for a month and I would not recommend anyone to buy it, because it has a constant freezing problem and I am absolutely sure that i am not the only one with this issues. I have to return it back to the store (staples manager told me that I was not the only one returning that tablet for the same reason). BEWARE: This problem is a hardware problem, it has nothing to do with the Operating System. Windows 8 is the most amazing OS ever, I have been using windows 8 on several devices and it works beautifully and ABSOLUTELY never freezes.PREVIOUS REVIEW:This Tablet convertible PC is AWESOME, BUT not portable, it is too big. I really recommend it if you are not planning to take it with you on the street on a frequent basis. I really recommend buying it in Amazon because it is the cheapest place because of the free shipping and NO tax. But before placing the order in Amazon, Go to staples and see it first and hold it in your hands and analyze is the size is great for you.Windows 8 is the best OS ever and Samsung is the best hardware seller on the market. The combination is awesome. Battery life is better than an ipad. Screen quality is perfect, Great overall. I recommend it for business users and regular users that don't play 3d Games. Atom Processor is great and FAST but don't handle 3d Graphics great. Even google earth is SLOW.Remember this is bigger than the ipad and probably is the biggest tablet in the market.Cons:Pen is too small and hard to remove.Plastic is not that hard.TOO BIG.Not good for 3d GraphicsIncludes software that needs to be erased like Norton antivirus (Windows 8 have its own amazing antivirus)Pros:Pen will never get lost since is to hard to remove.Plastic is really light.Battery life.Fast.Great pre-installed software.FULL PC in a Tablet.A real PC, NO JOKE. A REAL PC!!!!! Not like the ipad or Android tablets.
computer|I love my Samsung ATIV! It is so convenient to have a tablet that is a full laptop. I use it everyday at work and at home. It makes me 10xs more efficient at work. I use it to read my Kindle books, to make presentations on powerpoint/prezi, to surf the internet. It has become a necessity in my life! I have no idea why you would buy a stupid, useless Ipad when this product allows you to be functional at work and at home. Some people have had problems with the keyboard attachment, but I have not noticed that. The only thing that annoys me is when the power button accidentally gets pushed when it's in my purse, and it runs out of battery because it's on. The case I use right now is for a slightly smaller netbook, so it would probably be remedied if I would bother to find an appropriately sized case. Buy this thing, you will love it... that is all.
computer|I bought this tablet with the keyboard, so I could avoid difficulties in obtaining one later. Though the tablet seems to be great, the keyboard was unusable from get-go. It could not be attached to the tablet. It should be a simple slide-in, but something is wrong with the keyboard, preventing this. I even called support, and that gal could not talk me through putting them together. She suggested I send it in for SERVICE: just hours after I opened the package. So back to Amazon this goes. Hoping the next one actually works.
computer|I have been waiting for this (a windows 8 Tablet) since more than 5 months, then Samsung announces this little gem.light weight, amazing specs, reasonably priced, compared to 64GB iPad.Bought it via sold by Amazon.com, delivered in time.1st Tablet switched on BSOD :(then got it configured, but later faced speaker issues, & same keyboard issues, others are facing.Amazon, issued a Replacement, Promptly :-)Tablet is Awesome, but the expensive keyboard (worth $140), isn't worth it.Samsung should either replace with a better, updated working keyboard, or issue refunds to all, Tablet/keyboard purchasers.Samsung made a awesome product, for $750, but should have taken extra care with the Quality Control.
computer|For a little background I have purchased and own several tablets in my house. I have an Ipad 2 and a Viewsonic G tablet, that has been rooted to run Android's Honeycomb. (I also have an Iphone 4). With that said, I was really hoping for something more. Both IOS and Android due alot of the basic functions needed by most users, but for my use they lack that cutting edge needed for real meaningful use. So I had a lot of expectations for Windows 8 and the new tablets that are coming out. So with great anticipation I purchased the Samsung ATIV Smart PC XE500T1C A04US, from Staples, on 10/26/12. When I first opened the tablet and turned it on the experience of start up went very quickly and smooth as it joined my network, leaving me excited. The 11.6" screen looked great and the Metro interface (tiles) loaded very quickly. The system took just a few minutes to get used to the touch gestures, but it was very easy to use and responsive. I then went to the desktop and installed Office 2007 from a shared drive on my network. The Atom processor handle all this fine all while I pulled out the stylus and hand wrote a couple of test lines in Microsofts Journal application and then converted them to text and copied them to the clipboard. I then opened MS Word and pasted the converted handwritting into the document. I was sold on Windows 8 from that point on. Having Office is huge for me as a selling point. I then set up Outlook and several email accounts and the stylus is great and really comes in handy for accessing the the desktop menus and mailboxes as well. I then set up the speech recognition software and dictated directly into an email and I was suprised how well it worked. I decided to try to print my email and much to my suprise Windows 8 had already recognized my Brother network printer and had it ready for printing. This was all frosting on the cake as they say. Finally I found a hardware and software solution that would allow me to use my printers and software that I already own! I installed my Vulkano software next and it stream video and sound from my TV perfectly! However as I turned my volume up I noticed I had a lot of crackling in my speakers. I then plugged in a pair of headphones and the sound was fine, my bubble was burst. I had gotten a defective set of speakers. I continued to use and play with the tablet for the next 12 day and then returned it, today 11/6/12. I have been very impressed. Unfortunately the Staples stores in my area have been all sold out since launch day. (Otherwise I would of returned it immediately). To top that they have discontinued the product as it was a special buy just for the Windows 8 launch. So I type this waiting to buy this tablet again! Please get in stock!
computer|EDIT- So I picked up 3rd unit today and just opened to start updates and kaboom!!! Error on start that Windows could not be installed. Called samsung and was told to exchange. I told them that i don't give women second chances, why would I give Samsung four? Really disappointed with as I really want this tablet. I will not purchase another Samsung product.This is my second Ativ and will be taking this one back also. First unit, keyboard dock was unusable. Tried working without the keyboard dock to see how else it functioned and after four days the touchscreen stopped working all together. Would not work with touch or S-Pen. Returned for refund. After checking out the HP Envy X2, (would've kept if the unit had a digitizer like advertised and pen would've been available)I decided to give this unit another try because I do like it. The S-Pen feature is great, the performance of the Atom is far better then I was expecting and overall it's a nice tablet. I got the second unit a few days ago and everything is working great.....except the keyboard. I installed all the updates and still disconnects (although it is much more infrequent) For the money they charge for these units you'd think they could produce a product that worked as it was designed and you could get some sort of support. Unfortunately it is not the case. Samsung's support is horrible and I am glad I am having these issues in my return period. I will exercise that and hold off for the second generation of these tablets or I may opt for the surface pro. Windows 8 so far is really nice, shame the OEM's are offering no product support and half baked products. Wish the IPad would fit my needs because this process would be much easier.
computer|Bought this product and was excited to own my first tablet like this. I tried overlooking some of the performance problems because I didn't want to give in to buyer's remorse, but the deadline finally came and I had to decide whether to return it or keep it. The tablet kept freezing and seemed unresponsive. After doing all the updates and every work around we could find, we could not resolve the freezing issue.Another temporary annoyance is there is no keyboard or accessories available at this time since it is brand new.With a $700 price tag freezing all the time is unacceptable. Samsung customer service was not great either.I guess if all you want is strictly a tablet then this could be great, but if you want something that is a little more versatile, comfortable and functional spend a little bit more on an ultrabook/tablet like the Lenovo Yoga 13 (which is what I ended up returning the Ativ for).
computer|To all of you out there who are hunting for the right portable device, this is it. I have tried the iPad, several brands of tablets and a few notebooks. The features on the Samsmartpc (short for Samsung ATIV Smart PC) are by far more useful than the ipad and most tablets. The fact that it runs the full version of Windows 8 is WOW! what can I say &#34;Great&#34;. The Samsmartpc has 1 USB 2.0 port, 1 Micro SD slot, Micro HDMI port for connecting to a compatible HDTV plus Wireless-N Wi-Fi (802.11 a/b/g/n), next-generation Bluetooth 4.0 connectivity provides faster throughput while minimizing on power requirements, backward compatible with older Bluetooth-enabled peripherals such as printers and cell phones. The quality of the picture is what I would consider very well on the device which has a 11.6-inch display with 1366 x 768 resolution (400 nits SuperBright&#8482; Plus Technology). I usually don't right reviews but because I have tried several devices and have not had much luck, now that I have found what I am looking for and it by far is a very well made device with features to cover all your needs I figure if anyone out there needs some help making a decision on what to buy maybe I could help with that. If you want to check out more info on the Samsmartpc just look it up on the samsung.com web sight, trust me you won't be disappointed. Good Luck!!!
computer|I bought the 500t because I like the idea of a hybrid and Samsung's handwriting recognition is, in my opinion, the best on the market. I also like the connectivity and expandability options. Samsung's Windows 8 hybrid contains two problems, however.1. A lack of apps such as Goodreader or PDF Expert that the IPad has. This is, of course, more of a Windows/Microsoft problem than a weakness of Samsung's product.2. This is an egregious error that makes the 500t very frustrating: The dock often stops working for no apparent reason. Another poster mentioned that the problem could be tied to a poor connection between the tablet and the dock. I have to agree. I'm hoping that Samsung will come up with another dock that will work with the 500t, one that will have a battery and a stronger connection.
computer|When you read the review for this product it almost seems like 2 different products are being reviewed; some say it's great, others hate it. I think I know why. I know quite a bit about computers, I've been messing around with them since the days of CPM and I have NEVER seen a computer that takes so long to set up. With this particular unit it is absolutely imperative that you update everything, since many of the original drivers, bios and programs are buggy and will cause problems like lack of touch sensitivity and wireless dropout. I got this unit today at 11:30AM and I am still installing updates at 6PM! There are 35 regular Samsung software updates, 18 Windows updates, 31 Metro App updates and so on. That's not even counting the junk that needs to be removed such as the Norton stuff that slows the machine to a crawl. This is absolutely unreal for a tablet that by its nature will probably appeal more to beginners who won't have a clue how to do some of this stuff. I have a Samsung Android tablet, a Samsung phone and an Acer Windows 8 tablet and I have never seen anything this bad. As I sit here updating apps there are error messages being thrown up left and right. What's even worse is that Samsung has some of the worse support imaginable, so you are on your own. I will probably return this and I can only imagine that the return rate must be at least 50%. The screen clarity, etc. seem fine, so it is an incredible shame that Samsung allowed such a half baked product to be sold to an unsuspecting public.
computer|I was excited to receive this new tablet and thought Intel's new Atom processor could power this tablet. I was wrong! I'll start with the good first. The camera takes really great pictures and it's hard to find another tablet with a flash that is capable of running a full version of windows 8. The Stylus/Digital pen is also a rare deal to find on 32 bit tablet and you can tell it built on Wacom technology. The keyboard is a really good idea, however it would disconnect itself when tablet is attached and you start to use touch screen. When it would disconnect, the keyboard/trackpad would stop working and you would get this annoying connect/disconnect chime (every time you touch the screen, you hear ding dong ding dong, it sounds like grand central station). This seems to be a common problem and I this is my primary cause for sending it back, not to mention how ANNOYING it was. The Atom processor and built in graphics is not capable of running HD video properly (it has very bad lag). Application performance in desktop mode also was pretty poor. The exterior of the tablet also looks very fragile and like it would scratch up very easy. Conclusion: Tablet is way overpriced and not really designed to run 32 bit programs. If you want a simple tablet go with an RT version or an Android, its cheaper and better optimized. If you want a functional tablet that feels solid and in the same price range, get an Acer Icona W700. It cost $30 more, it has double the ram, an i3 CPU (a real processor), better screen, USB 3.0, and comes with lots of accessories. The downsides, it's .2 lbs heavier, camera is not as good (5 Megapixel), no flash, no stylus. But trust me, its worth those sacrifices to have Windows 8 run properly and to have have a fully functional PC for nearly the same cost.
computer|I original wanted the Lenovo ThinkPad 2but when it didn't come out on the date 10/26 I contacted Lenovo and they didn't have a new date of release so I looked around the web for an alternative. I wanted the full windows 8 experience not the et version and I came across this Samsung ativ smart pc the 5 series for $599 so I picked it up. And have been blown away.Good: Screen, Speed, OS is fast even with atom processor, s-pen 11.6 screen, battery life, camera is cool, screen is bright, oh and the speakers are great.....I have loaded legacy apps, mapped my dlink nas, ran avi files, mp3s, apps,If you are a person that wants the best of both worlds, a laptop and a tablet without losing anything....other than a cd/dvdr drive then this is for you!!! The 11.6 inch screen is great its light and when in a dock gives you more of the laptop feel.I'm a person that's looking to simplify my life having a laptop and tablet is just too much this you get the best of both.BAD: I Cant find a reasonably priced folio and I can't find a keyboard dock yet ....that's about itA Great surprise!!!!!
computer|This is the worst tablet i have ever used. The screen is unresponsive at times. the keyboard does not work. It says usb not recognize and the screen gets smudgy very fast. I literally hate it.Also, do not get the keyboard. I really believe it has a hardware design flaw that software cannot fix. You better off getting a usb keyboard from logitec.
computer|I bought it to replace an Android tablet and an old laptop for a higher level of functionality. It loses it's connection to the keyboard often and loads apps much slower than my 2 year old droid. It seems to take forever to get it set up compared to all the other computers I've had. The case and screen protectors all had to be found online and the Best Buy/ Staples sales reps really don't seem to know much about them. So far I'm frustrated but keeping it and hoping updates will improve performance soon. There is also a profound lack of Win8 Apps compared to Apple or Android.
computer|I had high hopes for this product though it failed in many areas. As some reviewers have mentioned the driver and software updates do solve a few issues with WIFI connectivity and the touch pads erratic response. The major issue i have with this win 8 tablet is its just plain underpowered. I fouind myself going to the task manager every couple of hours and closing all running apps becasue it started to get very slow. The dual core atom is definitely an improvement from the last gen but still not enough to run win 8 and multi task. For very basic use i think it could be a nice piece. The design is very cool. I like the tablet itself. Lots of ports, light in weight and very cool layout for the size. Another issue i had was the AC powert input on the tablet. If it was fully inserted it would sitll stick out about an 1/8 inch. When i wiggled it around it lost charging status. Now being my co worker has the same one with no issue i assumed it was jsut an issue with mine. The keyboard dock is pretty useful but its very light and cheap feeling for $129+. The tablet out weighs it and it seems not so balanced when opened up. Other than that battery life was excellent and overall a nice go at a win 8 11.6 tablet. I did return mine though for a Acer S7 11.6 which is $400 more but comes packed with an i5 and is just a convertible/ultrabook. I found having a iPad 3 and iPad mini on hand i dont really need another tablet though a nice touch enabled win 8 device.
computer|so far so good, I just got the computer. I wish it has a little more memory space but so far so good.
computer|My husband bought this for me 3 days ago for an anniversary present. I was excited as I had been looking at the surface and other smart pc. I really hate Norton which comes loaded on it. I uninstalled it and replaced Norton with AVG (which I have used for years). I did all of the updates and figured it should be ready go. I am mistaken, the apps freeze or will not open (there are not many apps in the Microsoft store and amazon app store cannot download to this machine). I prefer to use Firefox instead of IE and it has constant problems loading my pages. I get a pop up telling me that the USB I connected has failed (which I have not even plugged anything into it).After experiencing all of these problem I took AVG off and reinstalled Nortons (which the app kept trying to update after it was uninstalled anyway). This did not solve the issues. All in all it looks great but that is about it. I am very disappointed and think it will be getting returned.
computer|I was really excited to get my ATIV; only to find that the dock absolutely did not work. I would get a constant connect/disconnect noise that would not stop unless I turned the volume off. Even then they keyboard never worked, if I held it in just the right position I could write one or two words before it disconnected. A friend of mine ordered the same one, so I swapped keyboards to see if that would make a difference, but it didn't. His tablet by the way had all sorts of issues with freezing, shutting down randomly, and in general not functioning.As a long time Samsung fan, this was a big disappointment. We both sent our tablets back, I opted for the ASUS VIvotab 810c instead. I've enjoyed the ASUS tablet but don't have to dock yet to give a comparison with. Not a big fan of the ASUS price tag though.
computer|I bought this for business use as having the ability to install my custom application directly on the machine is a huge plus for me. It will literally change the way I do business, improving profit and making life much easier. It's my first foray into the Win8 OS and I was excited to run the full program.There's lots of positive elements:1. The OS is pretty easy to adjust to if you're already used to touch technology.2. The onboard Spen and Snote software are great additions - an oversight on Apple's part to assume no one wants to write anything anymore.3. The weight is great and the larger screen size enjoyable to have available - an adjustment - but nice to have.4. One button screen rotation lock, USB doc, MicroHDMI plug in, expandable to 128gb with microSD cards, Xbox glass with other great nativeHowever, here's why I returned the device and will be pursuing other options. Some research demonstrated these are relatively common problems so I wanted to highlight them briefly:1. Application freeze - right out of the box, the unit failed to perform well and froze with various applications.2. Display glitches - when loading Snote in particular, the device would show lines resembling a failing color TV - lots of colors, no clear image, scrambled appearance etc.3. Blue Screen of Death (BSOD) - within 24 hours of having opened the unit, one of the apps froze and then launched the BSOD. I had to manually shut down the device to get it back up. Less than 24 hours? Seriously? For a brand new device?4. S-pen not reacting - several times, the S pen just stopped responding and I had to shut down and restart the device to get the recognition back.5. Brightness - the thing constantly kept adjusting for brightness even when I sat in the same place for an extended period of time. It would go light then dark then light again constantly - very distracting.Device Limitations - other reasons, not defects, I wasn't satisfied.1. Resolution - no Amazon app for windows means using IE and the lower resolution on this item was more disappointing than I thought it would be2. Processing Time - took longer than I expected to load apps, although the navigation worked well and didn't display much lag.3. System management - I felt like the various setting options weren't very well laid out. Use was easy to adjust to, but I had a difficult time finding the settings I needed to adjust my preferences.Overall, I really really wanted to like it and keep it. If it worked as expected (without glitches) I would have probably dealt the other issues and upgrade sometime next year. As it is, I am returning it for the defects and probably looking for a Surface Pro even with the increase in cost.
computer|I receive it today till now this is tablet and pc I think windows tablet kill all os others I love it
computer|Great for notes in class, can touch with the stylus and hand at the same without the computer writing at both points of contact.Tablet looses electronic connection (while still snapped in to the keyboard) from keyboard occasionally if using on your lap but stays connected on a hard surface like a table.Memory isn't too much of an issue especially with a portable hard drive with a lot of space on it. Also can expand memory with an SD card.
computer|Got it coz its the only tablet that ships to singapore. its long gives a good edge above other tablets
computer|Best gadget ever!!! I can't even think of anything else to buy (and I'm always buying new gadgets). This thing is great, especially since it has a full version of W8
computer|I bought this for my fiance and he LOVES it. He is very good with computers and he loves all of the autonomy that he has with this product. The screen resolution is amazing. Wonderful product and company. Fast shipping.
computer|I bought this tablet for my artistically minded daughter as a Christmas present and we could not be happier with it. Once you update the firmware and get accustomed to windows 8, this thing is suprisingly fast, capable, and fun. My only real complate is that you can't power it of USB.
computer|I was very excited by this product. I've become a big fan of Samsung recently as they make some great Ultrabooks.As a tablet I really like this as well. It's responsive and has a battery life of about 7 hours when used straight. It easily will last me through a day of meetings. I use it for writing notes in OneNote so I don't have to clack away on a keyboard.The add-on USB keyboard is the big weak point of this. Sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't. If I'm lucky I will get an error message in Windows 8 explorer mode. The keyboard seems to become confused when I also use the touchscreen. If I only use the mouse everything is fine but after using touch the USB ports on the keyboard just stop working.About half the time I come back from sleep mode the WiFi no longer connects either. If I disconnect and reconnect the WiFi it usually will work again.The other weak point is Microsoft's fault. WinMail is junk. Microsoft had two mail clients - Outlook for money and Live Mail for free. Why they needed to create a third alternative that is not as good as either of the two pre-existing mail clients is beyond me.Maybe the keyboard and WiFi will be fixed with a driver update. I can hope anyway.And maybe Microsoft will fix WinMail.
computer|this is a nice replacement for the limited flashless,memoryless useless ipad (which supports only latest devices and not their own recent versions-they say they update to ios 6, but there is no difference for 2nd gen ipads from ios 6),meantime, my 4 star review on ativ tab is applicable ONLY if u re-install windows and uninstall all the bloat wares including Norton!!! yes, I was intending to give this com-tab only one star considering its buggyness initially . but now after the reinstall and updating software including the BIOS, I changed my mind.but still the tablet experiences severe keyboard disconnects which I think is a hardware problem.(loose securing mechanism). amazon charges this keyboard extra 100. but they should give a refund considering its snag.one thing I still don't understand is why would a firm like Samsung ships out a flagship tab with such a bugged software?? while they have updated software on hand? why amazon doesn't take care that the new software is installed? In windows site they even say that if u buy from Microsoft, it comes clean with no bloatware!! so that means they are aware!! my assumption is that these bloatwares were installed on these early releases inorder to collect system failure reports secretly!! so that they can work on it.so in the middle of watching a movie, you can still get pretty annoyed by the frequent disconnect sounds! other than that the apps are in an embryonic stage. not many apps.An important thing----- if u cant update using sw software, go directly to Samsung website and download everything through browser and install!! bcoz sw program itself is buggy and super slow. I also found out that the screen freezing is caused by keyboard!! if u disconnect keyboard it thaws!! good luck.Update* Yesterday my keyboard stopped working and amazon gave me a refund. Amazon is awesome.Update* Windows 8 is getting more buggy whenever a new update is available. The internet explorer is the worst for this particular model. This pc was a great idea if you look at specs. But its buggy as hell. And Microsoft is lazy as well.
computer|I was in the market for a tablet that I can carry around without being too bulky. I work five days a week and attend an online school at the same time. I have a 17 inch laptop which is big and heavy to haul around. I commute using mass transit every single day. I was looking for 10 to 12 inch tablet that is portable enough to bring everywhere. I looked at various tablets in the market such as the Ipad, Android tablets, and the new Window 8 slates. From what I browsed through, I narrowed my options down to 2: Galaxy Note 10.1 and Samsung Ativ Smart PC with keyboard. Both of them have a stylus which I like a lot. I've been a fan of the stylus since my Palm pilot days. Wacom stylus with Samsung integration takes it to a whole new level. Both of them have Allshare Play which makes presentations easy and seamless. Each of them has different OS. I'm very accustomed to either one. I've been an android user since the first google phone. Windows has been my PC OS of choice since Windows 95. My decision to purchase this one is based on 3 premises (1) Keyboard, (2)Desktop mode, (3)MS Office. I've been looking at various keyboards for the galaxy note 10.1. All of them are too small for my hands. Most of the keyboards also come with a leather cases. Theses cases are too flimsy to use as laptop stand while commuting to and from work everyday. The keyboard makes it easier for me to type with all ten fingers as opposed to a four to six finger typing using the smaller Note 10.1 keyboards. As much as I enjoy the Android UI and Metro UI, I am quite attached to the windows desktop mode. I like the simplicity of a windows desktop. Polaris, Quickoffice, Officesuite, and Kingsoft are all decent alternatives to the real MS Office. However, none of them are capable of a full MS office suite which includes, access, publisher, outlook, and onenote.Here is a list of CONs which I don't count against it but some people might: (1) camera quality is subpar (Note 10.1 beats it, no questions asked); (2) app store is lacking (not as extensive as Itunes or Play Store but it will get there eventually); (3) system gets sluggish when handling intense software/games (definitely no games like oblivion). (4) Screen easily attracts plenty of smudges especially if you have oily hands. (5) S-pen can be a pain in the neck to unmount with or without the keyboard (6) touchpad on the keyboard can be ultra sensitive at times.Update (1/11/13)After a couple of months of use, I still am looking forward to using this device as my portable computer. I use it to go online and type classroom discussions and required research work while sitting in the bus or train. The multi-window capability of the Metro UI is quite handy in multi-tasking i.e. watching a video while taking notes at the same time. The battery life is quite amazing in comparison to Ipads and Android tablets. As a matter of fact, I only charge it once every three to four days. Also, Samsung does a good job of updating this device on a regular basis. The Wacom stylus is very intuitive. I just wished there are more apps that uses its 1024 level of pressure sensitivity.
computer|Bought it from the MS Store yesterday. Tablet is fine. Keyboard looses connectivity all the time and make a sound when it does that. More than the keyboard loosing connectivity, the "chime" sound is very annoying and happens atleast once a minute or more. Can't use it. Keeps connecting and disconnecting. Even tried the latest drivers from Samsung but same issue. Will be returning for a refund and wait out for the Surface Pro
computer|I did not get my tablet on Amazon (they were out)but have had it about 2 weeks. I really like the feel of the table. Others have commented on the plastic. I don't mind it. Occasionally I reach for it and it feel "slippery" and I get the complaints but I feel that's the trade-off for it being incredibly light and thin for a full Windows tablet. I have had many Windows tablets through the years and this is the closest to being a walk around use anywhere tablet. So hardware wise, I am very happy but I keep thinking I need the keyboard dock....because while usable, the on screen keyboards leave alot to be desired after using iOS and Android keyboards on mobile devises. Just not as smooth, often blocks the text field you are trying to fill (can it be made translucent?), lacks keys or "commands" that would be useful. I have not explored other possible on-screen keyboard option (Swipe for Windows 8 would be great). A VERY big positive is battery life...amazing! You can really use it all day for basis functions, haven't tried streaming movies or anything to intense. I have rarely felt the processor is not able to handle what I am asking this tablet to do. And now...the bad. I have gotten used to the "8" interface and don't mind it. I immediately added software to put back the traditional "start" menu in the lower left but have used it only when truly confused. My problem is the "8" software is just not ready. The new start screen has Tiles that are like shortcuts to "apps" just like shortcuts on your old Windows desktop. After completing updates to the computer suggested by Samsung (this process was very simple but very Windows) about half of the Tiles didn't work anymore meaning that when you clicked on them, the "app" would fail to start. You can "unpin" them, go to the full app list, and "repin" them to the start menu (the Tiles do not have that "Metro" look when you do this...I don't know if I care). So kind of scary that this big new look for Windows is so broken so quickly...but it is new. Some "apps" have problems too. The Kindle app seems perfect for this tablet and I have used it alot. The table is wide but very light, it works well for this BUT the Kindle app is just not working well. I downloaded a new book and every other time I turn pages, I get a spinning wheel that won't stop. I have to click back to my Library, reopen the book, it opens on the current page, I can then turn to the next page....read...than repeat the process again....uuug! This is just an example. There are more issues...like the Mail "app"....does less that the email "apps" on the last 5 phones I have had...I don't get why you would create such an underpowered email program...unless you just want someone to be unsatisfied and buy your expensive software. But my point is I think you have to have the patience to deal with this "new" OS to enjoy this tablet. Don't get me wrong, I really like it and will just keep working with the OS to optimize my experience. I hope to use this at work with One Note, Evernote, and other programs and will update if I get a chance.
computer|I sold my iPad 3 to get this device. Overall I am extremely happy with my purchase, especially after purchasing the keyboard that the tablet plugs into. The biggest pro for me with this device is not being controlled by Apple/iTunes anymore. It plays any media, all music, all video, streams, whatever. I love that it is an actual PC, I get all of the control over the device I get with a standard Windows computer, one of my major gripes with the iPad was how I always felt forced to use software or apps I did not care to use. When I got the ATIV I installed Windows Office 2010 and all other apps I needed to do my school work, something that wasn't 100% possible on the iPad. (I used it for school too, but found myself regularly needing access to a PC for some tasks.)I will say this device does not have the polish that the iPad does. I do miss my iPad for certain things, mainly the retina screen (the ATIV's screen isn't bad, but it isn't anything compared to the retina screen on the iPad), and for playing simple games and a few select apps. The appreciate the ease of use and that the iPad always just works, where as this device takes a bit more setup (probably in part due to Windows 8) but the work you put into personalizing it is returned every time you use it.I would still suggest someone like my parents (in their 60's) should get an iPad because of how easy it is and that it's generally free of adware/spyware. However, for someone who wants more control this ATIV is the way to go. I should also comment on the battery life, I regularly leave it off of the charger for days at a time, even with moderate use. I mostly use mine for school work, general surfing the web/email, and to watch video while I run on the tread mill. Even when I regularly use it on the tread mill, I still only have to charge it every 3-4 days despite it streaming 720p video over wifi for over an hour.The atom chip has enough horsepower to complete most tasks, even light multitasking with no slowdown, however installing new apps or apps with heavy processor load do slow the device down. As someone who had a Dell Mini10 with the original Atom in it, this chip is WAY faster than the old Atom. The Ativ is fast almost everything where as the Dell with the original Atom was fast at almost nothing.
computer|I've been using Tablet PCs with active digitizers and styluses for nearly 10 years.This is, in short, the best device I've ever owned: thin and light, fantastic battery life (easily 9-10 hours for me), instant on, precise and very natural handwriting, full Windows 8 touch experience and full notebook functionality when you need the keyboard for typing.As a machine used mainly for running Microsoft Office, including OneNote, and web browsing, the combination of the Atom SOC with the SSD is plenty fast and responsive.I was hoping that my next machine would have a 1080p screen, but after briefly owning an Asus Taichi prior to the 500T, I almost prefer the lower resolution of the latter, because the desktop environment of Windows doesn't scale very well to higher resolutions on such a small screen.The only notable thing still remaining on my wish list is a backlit keyboard.Finally, contrary to some early reviews, I've haven't had any stability issues with the docking mechanism or Wi-Fi; my system has all the updates available from Samsung and has been rock-solid.
computer|I bought the Samsung ativ 500t tablet a couple of weeks ago and I have to say that I love it.I have had an iPad2 for 20mos. Its not a bad device if you want to simply have a reader and play simple games. Minimal note taking in meetings, watching video, web browsing, email, etc. I also have an hp touchpad (really liked webs), and a decent android tablet (not low end) which can do the same things as the iPad. But if you want to do work on the go, those devices are crap. Yeah I have pages, numbers and keynote, but they are weak. Honestly, those android, and ios devices are for sheep, for people who want to consume rather than create (garageband is the exception).Regardless, my use of the iPad had been diminishing because I could not do my work with it. However, my purchase of this device has made me completely abandon the iPad and android (its job is a control for my htpc now). In fact, I could not even remember where my iPad was last week.The ativ 500t is light weight with a great screen. It runs windows 8 which works smoothly. It runs Microsoft office (2013 is better but 2010 works fine), it runs open office. It runs dia. Email is just fine - I don't know why people complain. It runs pretty fast and has 2-3 days battery life with pretty heavy usage. It has run every one of my desktop apps that I want on this device.My favorite aspect is that I have a real file system unlike ios. I can copy stuff to usb key, I can have programs share documents and data without some stupid go between like email or cloud as in ios. And skydrive is phenomenal! It makes icloud look like a joke.The Wacom technology is wonderful if you want to do some sort of computer painting (you can find a copy of creaturehouse expression 3 which is old, but free from Microsoft) and have pressure sensitive brushes. It is also much more accurate than the finger.I can also use this tablet on that pos software used in many schools: blackboard. Try doing that on an iPad - I have and the iPad experience makes blackboard horrific!But you have to remember that this is a system that trades battery life for processor. It is NOT for playing graphic intensive games. Its a netbook in a different form factor.One thing I have noticed is that the os and drivers are undergoing changes. There are some bugs that are a little annoying, but not horrible. The only bug I really see is that the device sometimes does not wake immediately from sleep when shut down with a magnetic case. But that's not too bad since it does happen irregularly and I'm sure it will be solved soon.Regardless, I find the tablet experience on this device to be exactly what I want. I can do work on the device. I can browse the internet. I can deal with email. I can draw. I can create and edit documents correctly. It is what I thought tablets should be: a useful tool. Not a device for consuming media. One more positive: no more abomination known as iTunes!
computer|This device gives conventional users practicality. While the Atom processor has it's limits for functionality, I find that the Samsung Ativ has many basic uses. For one, it comes with a built-in stylus which is useful for storage. It stores right into the tablet portion of the device. The keyboard that attaches is useful but has functionality problems. As discussed in other posts, I have found I too have the same issue and can relate. The keyboard makes a noise when it detaches and attaches to the keyboard, thus, it is problematic in two ways. One, that it does not stay electronically attached, meaning that it doesn't work unless you have it on a plat, hard surface and pushed in securely. Two, that the annoyance from the keyboard loosely attaching could be a problem while in a meeting or in a quiet library or other environments where it would be unsuitable for a loud obnoxious tone. (you can turn this off, however, you will find that it is another annoyance when you are typing and unaware that the keyboard is not functioning.)Aside from the keyboard issue, there are other key factors one should be aware of when deciding to purchase. The first one being the processor. It is an Intel Atom Z2760 processor that I have in my model which is a 500T. It runs 32 bit Windows 8. The problems with this is that I am finding that it is somewhat slow for a tablet. I find it more user-friendly while accessing the internet or playing music. I would definitely not recommend running more than one application on it at a time.Nevertheless, it's sleek design and coloring choices are catchy and it has both a front and rear facing camera which is also convenient. The keys on the keyboard are also low-profile and when they are working, they are rather delightful to type with. As for the functionality overall, I would recommend light to medium workload that this tablet can handle. The pricepoint is a little spendy though for the functionality though. I recently bought my husband a Microsoft Surface that was about 300 dollars more and this is no match for it. The Surface can run games such as Tortchlight, Skyrim, and Diablo 3. This tablet cannot. There is also a difference in the edition of Windows though as the Suface was the Pro edition. The Windows version is supposed to be a full on version of Windows 8 but it seems to be lacking functionality of a true Windows 8 OS and by what I mean is that a few web pages and applications for some reason state they cannot be opened that can be opened on the Microsoft Surface.However, this tablet does nicely for someone in school as it is able to pull up Office and a full browser. I also think it is great that it is also a touch screen but for the price and functionality I was looking for, I opted to buy the Surface Pro as it ran programs that I needed to be able to run. My 3 out of 5 stars would be a 4 if the product had a bit more RAM to run things a bit faster. Overall, for the average user I would definitely recommend this device. If your looking for more functionality and processing power then go for a Surface Pro. Not the RT version of the Surface which is a whole different story. The Ativ is better overall in my opinion better than RT version of Windows on the cheaper Surface model.
computer|I have been using this tablet about a month and it's complete pleasure! Very reliable and useful tablet! The build quality is exceptional - no creaks or squeaks. The size of display and its quality are just perfect for everyday activities - whether editing office documents, typing, reading, handwriting or just surfing the web. The device is very snappy in the most tasks and I haven't encountered in any specific problem with multitasking. The computer runs very quietly and cool thanks to new generation of Atom processor. No issues with connectivity or keyboard disconnection have been observed so far. Excellent frontal camera quality. The rear one has not been tested yet. It's very comfortable that the stylus is harbored in the tablet, so no chance you will be stuck without one in case of need. Too bad its does not come with eraser as well but there is always a trade-off paid for the comfort you get. Battery life is exceptional compared to the functionality - after the whole day of heavy usage it still has 25-30% juice. Sound quality is average but nothing special to mention. Windows interface is very responsive and fast, though some apps have stability issues and greater choice of applications in Windows Store would be appreciated.To summarize:Pros - Screen size and quality, relatively light, wacom digitizer enables you to use the tablet as handwriting device, embedded stylus, exceptionally fast and snappy, runs cool and quiet, great battery life, build quality, solid WiFi connectivity, keyboard which turns the tablet into full laptop, expendable storage size to additional 64GB thanks to microSD slot.Cons - no GPS, NFC and LTE connectivity, not very comfortable stylus (you can purchase a different one with eraser from Samsung, though I did not like it very much), no additional battery in the keyboard, some issues with waking up from sleep mode, too plastic.Overall this is amazing multitasking mobile device which enables you to be fully functional in everyday tasks for reasonable price!
computer|Pros:Really fantastic for taking notes with digitizer pen in conjunction with Microsoft OneNote application.Also great to use on the treadmill for watching sites that require full Windows browser functionality/Flash.Very lightweight.Functions well without a keyboard, though I would recommend getting a Microsoft Wedge Mobile Keyboard.Easy to add a 64GB MicroSDXC card to expand storage capacity.Cons:Some programs that run off desktop are very slow, e.g. Quicken, and sometimes the Wifi connection lags, or is slow to boot up the mail program (and also doesn't always sync mail accounts) and Explorer browser.I still prefer using the iPad for some tablet functions like checking email and posting blogs.
computer|I never bought a tablet before this one because they're not a productivity tool. I don't like carrying a tablet and a laptop so I bought an ultrabook. One year later, my husband's laptop needed to be replaced. In search of a new one, we saw this one. So I gave him my laptop and bought this one for myself. I bought it in Dec. 2012.Here's what I use it for: MS Office programs, browsing the Internet, and taking notes. I take a lot of notes for work and it was getting impossible to organize them so I wanted a digital solution for it going forward.I love the way I can use OneNote for taking notes - my co-workers are totally impressed. It is easy to organize my notes and go back and forth several pages, notebooks or sections. I don't regret buying it, I really love it.With that said, it has it glitches. The on-screen keyboard worked like a charm, auto-launching when you click on a text field. When Windows did the first batch of updates, the OSK wouldn't pop up automatically anymore, which is really annoying because you have to click on it on the tray. A coworker of mine had the same problem. I looked online for a fix but couldn't find any.Another peeve with this machine is that sometimes, when it has been on standby mode for a while, it won't recognize the pen anymore so I would have to reboot.The charger doesn't connect good so I have to put some weight where the connector is so it would charge, otherwise, it won't.I didn't have any problem with the keyboard like others did, but I find it too bad that it doesn't have extra battery to extend the tablet life. For 10 hours battery life, I can't really complain. For just taking notes and surfing the Internet for 3-4 hours a day, I would only have to charge it once or twice a week.I don't use the keyboard much but it is very handy for when I have to type a document. The quality of the keyboard is not very good. It feels very plasticky.
computer|I bough this to replace my 14" laptop to travel with. I find I have been using it more than for just traveling. I love this machine. It is fast loading and very easy to install programs into. My word suite 2010 went in with no trouble. SO did the other items I added. I love that it comes with a stylus and docking station.This Samsung tablet is really worth the money. And also tech support with Samsung if the best. I called with a silly question and they were right there to help with not hesitation. The unit is fast and sleek. Buy........
computer|I am using it for win 8 touch app development now (Visual Studio 2012 and Win8 app cert kit were installed very smoothly even though they took 2.5 G space, and can run without any issue, and first app already published), with the full function desktop features of the tablet, this gives me the same productivity as my 17 inch laptop. this really makes all other os platform tablets stay as toy for ever. the fact that this is a full function computer, we have full file management, access to company network resources (support LAN), check in/out files from company version control, being able to print to company network printer, all existing application software can be installed and orerated with touch while at the same time can perfectly touch and play Angry bird space, make other platform tablets stay as silly toy and those air book look miserable.btw, it is built tough, I dropped it on the floor after demo it to my programmers, no single damage, all working well (even though I did buy 2 year drop insurance)as for the dock, i was lucky to get one from Staples, it really feels good, it is an excenllent companion to make this tablet an ultrabook. this is the best typing experience I got from all keyboards I have used in my life, better than the regular desktop keyboard. all the keys are layout in perfect place. even though it is not as thin as the surface cover, it is still make it a thin ultrabook and fit perfectly into the 11 inch tablet carry sleeve.I felt sorry for dell and HP, could not ship such a device before holiday even though windows is their only OS.
computer|Very nice device with full version of Windows8.Battery is amazing - You will forget where You left Your charger last time, because it was so long time ago.When I was purchasing it, I was afraid if it will work fast enough with this processor.... and I am positively surprised - It runs smoothly and fast with no interruption and without any problems. Of course, you will probably not be able to work on big drawings in AutoCAD or large pictures in PhotoShop, but this computer is not intended for such applications.It has one negative thing mentioned by others too.... The keyboard connection is poor and keyboard disconnects quite frequently, but it is not a huge issue for me - You can hear sound when it loses connection, so You are somehow informed quickly when it happens. That is why I gave only 4 stars. If the keyboard was working perfectly, I would definitely give 5 stars.Anyway - I recommend this device for Your home use.
computer|I've had this tablet for 3 weeks and I'm quite happy with it. I don't understand many of the reviews here or some of the reviewers don't understand this tablet. I bought an ipad the day they came out and upgraded to the two and three. Rather than go with the 4, I switched to a windows 8 tablet. I run windows 8 on my desktop and I have a windows 8 phone. I have been using iphones for the last 4 years.Pros - I like the wide screen. Its very nice for IE10, for the windows 8 start screen, Outlook, etc. I don't understand what's not to like as its not heavy and quite thin. Resolution is good, of course higher res screens are nicer but a lot more expensive and heavier.Used as a tablet, its quite speedy. This tablet does so much more than my Ipad 3, I never pick up the ipad anymore. Its been relegated to words with friends duty. Nonetheless, I'm not planning on putting Photoshop on it or doing any video editing. For office, internet, and most utilities it works fine. Definitely get the updates installed as soon as possible. Many of the little glitches are fixed by the SW update.Lots of usefull ports and the digitizing pen is included. This tablet has the hdmi out, usb, sd card and microphones, headphones, built in. Two cameras, front and back. I don't intend to buy the dock and its nice having all the needed ports, etc. right on the tablet. The tablet also has front firing stereo speakers that sound pretty good. Good enough not to need headphones to watch a movie.Battery life is all day, and then some.Cons - Its not a core i5 with 4gb and a 128gb ssd and a high rez screen. But then it costs $500 less than a tablet with these specs. If you intend to use this tablet as a laptop replacement, spend the extra money. If you want to use it as a tablet, its fine.Build quality seems good. The plastic back contributes to the lightness but has a cheaper feel than a Surface with vapor mag construction. It should be OK for living room use.Windows 8 takes a little getting used to. If you use it like a tablet its as easy to use as ios. If you delve into the finer points of the os, it gets a lot more complicated but you can customize to your hearts content.Summary - I struggled with the question of weather or not I could justify the extra $500 in price, the shorter battery life and the extra weight of a core i5 tablet. For me, it wasn't worth it. As a living room piece to surf, check email and do a few simple tasks it works just fine. If the $500 was a trivial amount to me, I'd probably have spent it on a Surface Pro, not because I need it but because its always nice to have the best. However, I don't feel too deprived using this tablet in its place.
computer|First, uninstall Samsung Support Center. That will often keep the tablet from restarting or shutting down properly as it starts on boot-up and runs in the background but won't always shutdown properly. Then, use the Samsung SW Update program to get the drivers up to speed.Everything is working really well for me now. I just hope the marketplace gets filled out with better apps soon.
computer|I'm a 30s web designer and computer consultant. This was a fun splurge for me. When I got it two days ago I was super excited. I did everything the previous reviews said to do re updates, and fiddling with the keyboard. The tablet is wonderful. So here's the good stuff:Its super light, the display rocks, metro is actually usable and fast, pen is a great plus, downloaded OneNote and its great. Battery lasts forever.So here's the bad. First, the simple stuff. Bloatware. That was removed first, and for 700 bucks, they could have left it out. But no biggy. Then the auto dim sensor. It sucks. Turned it off. Now I have to manually adjust brightness. Battery will probably suffer. So they must have done all this testing. Why did they not fix it? Or did they just not care? And software. There is nothing on this but windows 8. Don't expect nice stuff. Its actually a great os but its an empty shell. Bummer.The big bad stuff now. The keyboard. I paid about 100 bucks extra for that. And it sucks. The tab goes in fine. The tab comes out fine. I press really hard, and make sure to push to the right when its down. Still, as you type, it stops working. As you scroll and move the trackpad, it stops working. Lots of nice sounding windows disconnect sounds, then connect sounds. Imagine this happening every few minutes. Just enough for you to initially think, ok, fluke, then after two days your done.So, this morning I text chat with Samsung support. Wow. Major bummer. I'm pretty sure I was on with the guy that does the frig support. Serious. That's one of the drop downs when you start the chat! And he took half an hour to say send it back. So you would think ok, I'll send the keyboard back. I just spent 700 and so I'll keep using the tablet without the keyboard for a week or two or three and then all will be well. But no. Everything must be returned. Stupid. Why? From the comments on these reviews, you would think they would be smart enough to at least get some better support and admit keyboard faulty, so just send it back. But no. They don't care about your inconvenience. So I'm probably going to send this back. Major bummer.It just sucks that the tablet is so nice and cool. So whatever you do, don't play the dice and get this on the off chance that you will get an ok keyboard. Because after what I went through, it will ruin your experience. Sorry for the bad review, but I'm frustrated.
computer|Having relied on Amazon reviews before purchasing this tablet I am posting a comment because I am calling into question other reviews that overstate this tablet's performance. I have found that the Samsung 500t is good for work-related tasks, but it is disappointing for higher-quality media consumption as one usually uses on other non-Windows tablet devices. Generally any video file with mp3 audio encoding whether MKV or .TS should be okay in 1080, but FLAC encoding is just too much for it. If you want a true jack-of-all-trades, forfeit the good battery life with Clover Trail and get a Core-based Win8 Tablet at the very least, or get something else.My overall impression:Microsoft was right. Windows 8 tablets are productivity devices not media consumption devices, and it shows in this unit. That said, I like this tablet. A lot. Primarily because it's a PC.A tablet that can connect to USB peripherals? Sold. I can actually do work on this device. It is a PC, after all.- If a Kindle can be likened to a hard-bound book, then this Samsung is more like a 3-ring binder-- not as glamorous or well-packaged, but it does the job well and allows you to modify its contents with impunity. My priorities are primarily educational and healthcare. Specifically, I download, categorize, and annotate large numbers of PDFs from scientific journals as well as textbooks in electronic form.- Of most importance to me is the freedom to manage and organize files as I choose-- having a full operating system facilitates this process tremendously. It is incredibly convenient having Acrobat Pro allowing for creating, merging, editing, renaming PDFs. Unlike with the iPad, I no longer have to use complicated methods to open and addend documents and send back by email or efax if necessary.- Microsoft's built-in PDF reader is surprisingly good (and so is Adobe's Metro Acrobat Reader too, which is a bit better): both support bookmarks, document highlighting and markups with the S-Pen, and deal with large 1000+ paged files reasonably well. I would argue that the tablet form factor makes this device work better for PDFs than using a standard laptop or computer for the same purpose, especially for a Windows machine. I previously used Goodreader/iBooks on the iPad, but syncing through iTunes or importing through email is annoying, and sharing pdfs between programs was almost non-existent without Dropbox access which I can't depend when working or traveling.- Powerpoint support and creation on the iPad was laughable at best. It's not just in making the slides, it's also in editing content. Having Photoshop or GIMP at my disposal is priceless.- All of the electronic medical record systems I depend on will run and display properly on this device. I can hardly imagine that an average tablet user would have a similar issue however.Why do I like the Samsung 500t specifically?- Early availability for sale- The display is slightly larger than other Win8 tablets, which is great for two-columned textbooks and journals.- Accepts pressure-sensitive pen input, unlike the Acer W510 (see below for problems). For anyone meaning to do any real work on this device, precise mouse input is still essential and kept me from buying anything else except the Lenovo Thinkpad 2 tablet or Dell Lattitude 10 Tablet, both of which are still unavailable- Has a USB port connected to the tablet itself (compared to the Asus Windows 8 Atom tablet)-- convenient for connecting external storage on vacation, or else to flash drives at work.- It's for sale through Amazon!- The S-Pen stows snugly in the tablet (almost too snug)I have issues with this tablet, however:** The tracking of the S-Pen: there are dead pen fields at the bottom edge of the screen, making it sometimes hard to highlight over taskbar and tray icons. It might just be my unit. Finger touch sensitivity is pristine, however.- 720p video is smooth, however (*edited for update*) this computer is variably capable of playing a soft-subtitled 1080p video at 24+ fps without stuttering. Most 1080p with mp3 audio will work, but anything higher like FLAC is a problem in my experience. Maybe it's software? I've tried an MKV file through MPC+CCCP pack, VLC, WMP. All are no go. (*edited*) I actually can play 1080p YouTube videos without stutter and lag... sometimes, but more reliably if I download the clip first. My guess is that Clover Trail is probably too slow with Intel graphics acceleration drivers- I worry that the issue with 1080 streaming on youtube is a consequence of the network card being at times disappointingly slow in reality.- The audio of the Samsung tablet cuts out randomly-- probably software? Rebooting fixes this.- The windows button sometimes doesn't wake the tablet display from sleep as it should-- however pushing the lock button after the windows button fails reliably brings up the task manager/shutdown screen, as if you pushed both buttons at the same time. The heck?- The 16:9 screen and the longest dimension of the tablet may not have been the most ideal format for reading, and is uncomfortable holding with one hand at times.- The auto-brightness corrects suddenly and oftentimes in an undesired manner, like others have stated.- I wish this tablet had an extended battery in the keyboard like the Acer W510- The S-pen tracks slower than a true Wacom tablet and is a bit short for comfortable use over long periods of time-- getting the separate full-size pen solves this.- Getting the S-Pen out of its stowaway can be difficult-- but it sure isn't going to get lost!- The rubber-tethered port doors are a nuisance. I can't permanently connect a USB dongle without running the risk of the cover door being amputated when I put it in my work bag.- Based on the instruction manual, there was supposed to be a book-cover style keyboard case like what the Surface has, but it's nowhere to be found at the time of this review, neither is the official computer case!- Uses micro-SD rather that full SD card. Minor annoyance, but for a company who also makes cell phones, it makes sense.- I had trouble finding an a la carte keyboard dock -- I would recommend buying both together.- Support for touch-interface web browsing is clunky for Win8. The highlighting gestures often interfere with touch-scrolling, especially with Chrome and notepad. This will probably change...I hope.It's a full PC, plain and simple. I would imagine that people who need this device already know they do and will likely enjoy the tablet as I do. It's a relief in itself to be able to port around a full operating system in such a thin package. Most of my issues are related to teething problems with Windows 8, but the lack of no-nonsense Full HD video support is a glaring problem. For those others who aren't sure what to buy and don't have a particular need, stick with the alternatives and get a beefier tablet with a decent graphics processor.
computer|I am systems consultant so I am pretty advanced user. Out of the box I started removing Norton and the crap on the system. This not much different than what I have to do on almost all systems anyway. This will be our vacation travel machine. Skype, managing pictures, email etc. Maybe replace my Kindle. I am NOT going to use this for gaming etc. I have not had the disconnect problem but 1 time as of yet and it lasted a few second. Otherwise I am darn impressed with the performance and the system. I am still getting used to Windows 8 I must admit. I believe the WiFi is very fast and if you want a light weight system with MS Office and reasonable performance this is a great machine.
computer|I love my ATIV 500T and have seen no other tablet, except maybe the HP Envy X2, that would meet my needs for a tablet. However, I have to admit that the ATIV has two flaws that might make it unsuitable for some. First and foremost, the thing hangs on going into or out of the suspend state much too often. This hasn't been more than an annoyance for me: I just press and hold the power button until the light goes out and then press again to reboot, which is so fast (about 20 seconds) that I'm back up and running within a minute. However, if you are someone who leaves unsaved work product open in an application without using the tablet long enough for the suspend timer to kick in, this flaw could cause lost work. Second, as noted by other reviewers, the bluetooth keyboard connection is definitely flaky and unreliable. This hasn't been a problem for me because I've found I can do everything I want to do with the tablet without using a keyboard. I have other machines to use if I want to use a keyboard. For me, the main point of having a tablet is to get rid of the keyboard anyway. The real value of the ATIV is that it comes with a stylus and good digitizer screen, and yet can run most legacy Windows programs. I use it mainly (1) to keep handwritten notes in OneNote and Evernote, and (2) to edit photos in the GIMP (32-bit version 2.8.2). The tablet is simply a joy to use for these purposes. There is sometimes a bit of lag on very complex GIMP processing, but not so much as to be, for me, annoying. The tablet is also entirely adequate for checking my Hotmail in the standard Windows 8 Mail app and Yahoo! mail in that company's own app, and for browsing a wide variety of news sources, either in the standard Bing apps, or in other apps available in the Windows Store. I have even been able to run some legacy Windows games on the tablet, although I admit it takes some learning to figure out how to play them without a mouse. Civilization 4 (all editions) ran fine, but you would need to add a USB or bluetooth mouse to be able to enjoy it. However, I have been able to build cities in SimCity 4 using only the stylus. I have not tried to install Steam and suspect the tablet's graphics could not handle it. I have also used the tablet for listening to music and watching movies (I keep all of these media files on a 64G microSD). Amazon Unbox installed and runs just fine. For trips, I set it to download the movie files to the media card. The ATIV has wonderful battery life: easily lasts for a whole day of any use I've been able to find for it. I got the Poetic leather case for the tablet, which looks very professional and makes the tablet look and feel like an ordinary portfolio. I take it to court instead of a legal pad to take notes. My bottom line is that, as a transitional device for getting into the tablet future without losing essential elements of the desktop/laptop past, the ATIV 500T is perfectly suited, -- so long as you don't actually expect perfection.
computer|The Samsung 500 t is the best Clovertail windows 8 tablet.The reason I write this is because of the keyboard dock and the s pen.These two features, are the one two punch that knocks out the competitors.The key board dock is solid, and the track pad is sensitive and supports multi-touch.The keys are responsive with a good dept of feel, making typing a pleasureI had noted that early adopters complained about the dock not picking up and dropping signal, this problem is resolved once the drivers for the tablet are updated. The dock converts the tablet into a fully functioning laptop. Working on word 2010 and excel 2010 is the same as using my older laptop. With the dock in place I use the laptop as a laptop.It is that stable. Use it on a desk, in bed, on a bench, on the couch -just like a normal laptop but without the thigh burn. The dock is aesthetically pleasing, and most of the time I have the tablet clipped on place when traveling.In laptop mode the 500t looks like a premium laptop.The s pen. The use of the s pen is a revelation, a new way of working.I use it all the time, to take minutes in meetings, to make notes for lectures and even notes when working on my writing projects. If inspiration strikes I reach up to the bed stand and jot it down. All my notes are synced, and never get lost,for some one with untidy hand writing the, the ability to correct errors on notes is a godsend.I use one note 2010, I had to adjust it a bit to make the notebooks that i wanted. With the s pen I can rest my palm on the screen to make notes, and there is no interference, so my writing style is natural.The screen is excellent, with good color and contrast, I have noted that the image sometimes remains with screen is turned off, but that disappears over a few minutes and when a new image/screen is used. It is not a permanent effect.The resolution is hd not full hd. This is par for the course, but 1080 p should be standard, also the aspect ratio of 16:9 is wrong for tablets and aspect ratio of 16:10 or 4:3 would be better, as most tablets are used for browsing the internet and reading documents. On the current screen the pixels are noticeable and most documents are squashed in some way to be fitted in full screen.This tablet is full features, 1 full sized USB 2 port on the tablet, 2 on the dock, micro HDMI out put, an micro SD card, and a micro Sim card slot 3g, WiFi 802.11n, Bluetooth, NFCBelow are the pros and cons of the Clovertrial tabletsPro's of the clovertrail tabletGood battery lifeLight weightGood thermal envelopeFull windowsAble to use all windows legacy programs eg vlc, firefoxProper, full powered internet browserCons of the clovertrail tabletLow resolutionSlow atom processor, Weak igpToo little ramIf the Samsung is not for you, dont buy a tablet without wacom digitiser support. You will be wasting you money and missing out and a mode of creativity and productivity.The tablet is nearly perfect, with all the cons related to the atom processor. It has allowed me to get rid of my text books,laptop,tablet and dairy. One device for all the listed purposes. Now instead of lugging 5kg of stuff, its down to less than 1 kg.I hope that you found this review helpfulBest wishesDEN
computer|Opening and then closing the device (like a laptop) with the keyboard attached causes the keyboard to become loose and to separate physically from the tablet. I discovered this when I picked up the tablet and the keyboard dock fell off (thankfully, onto my lap).Maybe I just got a dud, but I'm returning this immediately, as this is just bad engineering.
computer|This hybrid laptop/tablet met almost all my expectations so far. I've owned it for about 3 months now. I've had no issues with the keyboard. The manual says to update all the drivers before connecting the keyboard. Not sure if other users just ignored this instruction. Very portable and versatile. Great for traveling. I know some reviews have mentioned that it's too big in a plane but it's not at all. The 11.6 inch screen is smaller than most laptop but bigger than most tablets. I was a bit more frustrated with Windows 8 at first trying to get use to it but that's Microsoft. I also loaded Office 2013 to do some Word/Excel processing and Symantec Endpoint Protection. I've had no performance issue so far.Likes- Outstanding battery life--better than any of the past several laptops I've used- Portability and versatility- Full Windows 8 version- More productive than iPad/Surface RTDislike- Could've added one more USB port on the keyboard- HD size could be bigger- No regular SD card slot- No additional battery in the keyboard for backup/longer useOverall the Likes heavily outweighs the Dislikes. Very satisfied.
computer|This is my ideal tablet, especially for the price. I really like the extra wide screen. The digitizer/touchscreen is very precise and with the S-pen even better. For me the resolution is better than if it were higher. My ultra laptop has much higher resolution (at which it only performs well) and is more difficult to read. I disagree with others about the quality of the build and layout of the controls. Except perhaps for the location of the external power jack, everything is very well laid out. Although the screen is extra wide, I discovered that the Windows 8 split style keyboard works really well both touch typing and thumb typing which holding the tablet horizontally. I found the extra width of the screen to be very beneficial in portrait mode for working on tutorial instructions above while working in a program below.This is easily my 10th personal computer, perhaps my 5th or 6th portable (the first was an Osborne!) and for a walk around tablet, I don't think it can be beat.Enjoy, mikeUpdate: Well I've had it for a while and now I can rally say that this is the best Windows 8 Tablet computer. It well exceeds my expectations and I won't bore you with the details. However, if you are a NEW buyer, here are a couple of tips which may make your experience better:1. Before you try and install the SAMSUNG software which you will be prompted to install, install the Windows Updates. These tablets went into the box before many Windows 8 updates were released and the absence of the Windows Updates may block the installation of some important SAMSUNG updates. This is no ones fault, just a fact of computing life.2. If there are a lot of Windows Updates to install, uncheck any Important updates which are for software you may have already installed like Microsoft Office etc. and get all the Windows 8 updates installed first. You can return to Windows update later and finish the rest.3. Then install the Important SAMSUNG updates for the hardware. Don't use the one click install all button or you will also get extra stuff you may not want. Instead install the Important hardware updates one by one.I know this seems tedious but it is much easier than having to UNinstall bloatware later and also trying to figure out which updates failed because it was blocked by a missing Windows 8 update.Happy Trails,mike
computer|To begin with WOW. I really love this. Quick review to recommend. I am a geek and a Mac user for personal use and Windows for work(Network Administrator) so I know my S***. I have bought and used for a while ,iPad, Galaxy Tab 2, Playbook, Streak and noting compares in terms of complete usability for a tablet regardless of the OS on device. Microsoft in my opinion nails it for the first time with Windows8. I ordered the Surface RT and cancelled when I saw the Samsung ATIV PC mainly because of the full Windows8 on board; not saying the Surface is not a nice Tablet, and I have used a friends and it runs nice. But if you are spending that type of money you might as well put the extra and get a device with full Windows8, and I am glad I did. Its the best of both worlds, a tablet(Metro layout) to scroll through apps, browse the app store, which by the way is not to bad for being new and I expect with Microsoft a lot of new apps will be on board soon to chose from. The ATIV came with all the basic apps preloaded for you right out the box, which is nice. Then you get the full PC experience going to the familiar Windows desktop. Not a technical review about specs, and all the stuff readers have heard already. Just to say it worth every penny. Light, very slim profile for a tablet with a full OS, run snappy for an Atom processor, a full usb 2.0 port, with two more on the Keyboard dock( ordered it hope I get it today,he he) enough on board memory(still have to add another 64gig to take it to the max with the mico sd card slot),battery life is amazing for a Tablet PC. That said I fully recommend for all types of users, casual, students and executives.Received my Keyboard Dock yesterday, and I must say that I was a little worried because of other reviews with regards to the stability of the docking aspect.Others have reported losing connectivity and the beeping to indicate that it is (undocked)new word lol.My take on it, and I have not had any problems thus far is that you really have to push hard and I mean hard, don't be afraid to break anything. My opinion is that it was Samsung's engineering design to make sure that it stays docked and you can move it about like a net/ultra book without it falling apart. I have on a Skinomi screen protector and after undocking there is the indentation showing all the points of contacts,which proves what a firm/tight fit there is. Again only from pushing down hard to ensure it is fully connected. Users may just be afraid to push thinking that they will break it,hence poor connectivity,beeping. You may not always hear the click after the beep but once you push down hard enough it will be secure with no issues. One other thing I almost forgot and I don't know if it is a bios setting or flaw, but sometimes if I boot while being docked the tab goes straight into the system bios. If I undock it boots up normally and then I dock with no further issues.I will check on it when I get time and will update under the Keyboard review just in case there are users experiencing this.Feel of product: Nice keyboard feel, just like a regular laptop, good spacing even for big fingers. After docking you can easily forget it's and Tablet/Ultra Book because of the snug and compact feel. I recommend.
computer|We needed a new laptop, so I took the plunge on a Samsung ATIV 500t Windows 8 tablet. It runs full Windows 8, not Windows RT, the difference being that Windows RT only runs "Apps' (of which there are very few good ones for Windows vs. Apple or Android) and Windows 8 runs real programs. Here's the review for those of you who may be upgrading soon:Hardware:The Samsung is a very slick machine. It's a big 11.6 inches, so those of you used to an iPad -sized tablet may think it's too big and heavy to be a tablet. It's very slim, though. It's thinner than my old Acer Iconia 500 tablet. The screen is beautiful...much better than my old laptop or tablet. I haven't seen an iPad 3, so I cannot compare. I LOVE the flexibility the machine has to be either a tablet or a laptop. I used to have both a laptop and an Android tablet, no I have one computer. Very nice. Price wise, less than a good laptop plus a good tablet...so relatively economical.Battery life seems to be unbelievable. Runs for hours with the screen on. Wish my phone did as well (with the screen off!!)It has a mini HDMI and one USB, which is huge. Not only can I use peripherals like a keyboard and mouse, I can connect to my two external hard drives. The unit also handles Bluetooth. Based on having Bluetooth and the USB port, I didn't by the Samsung clamshell keyboard, which is an expensive $129. The Samsung keyboard also doesn't look like it flips under to turn the PC into a tablet (like the Lenovo Yoga)...I think you have to take it off. To me, that means it offers no advantage over a regular keyboard. Instead, I plug in a regular keyboard and mouse through a USB hub, and use the onscreen keyboard when traveling.The placement of the USB port is curious. It's on the top of the unit when in landscape mode. This doesn't impair functionality, but I would have put it on the side.The Samsung S pen is one of the coolest things ever. You can literally write on the tablet like it is a piece of paper. The handwriting recognition is spectacular. If you have ever tried to write on a normal tablet with a capacitive, finger-like stylus, you are really missing out. The S-pen makes the Samsung better than many other comparable machines.Scary moment: The unit had a lot of trouble connecting to Wifi until I installed the new BIOS update. It has had some trouble since, but not as much. I'm trying to figure out when...it only happens when I am in my home office...still...something to watch, and consistent with user reviews.Things I would change:1. The power connection is on the bottom when in landscape mode, making it very tough to have the unit plugged in while it is standing up like a laptop screen. I would have put it on the side.2. The 64GB of hard drive space is not much, and only about half is usable. I filled it up with programs and therefore couldn't load some user files. Instead, I have to have my music (about 16GB) stored on my external hard drive. Not the end of the world, because I use my phone to take my music with me. I added a 16GB mini flash card to extend it, but many of the Windows apps (Photos, Music, Media Player) cannot find the card. Most of my storage is music and photos, so that's an annoyance. But minor. I think the computer is designed to take advantage of cloud storage. You get a huge chunk of Windows SkyDrive space and an unlimited chunk of Bitcasa. Good, but frustrating if you have to work offline.3. The unit came with a lot of pre-loaded garbage, that, when I deleted it, did free up a good chunk of space. Adobe Acrobat reader is over a half a gig of space. I downloaded a small PDF reader to replace it. Why Adobe needs a half a gig of space for a PDF reader is beyond me.4. The on/off button is too responsive. It turns the unit on with only a brush of the switch, meaning it's on accidentally in my backpack a lot, which drains the battery. I like my Acer Iconia switch, which had to be pushed with an amount of force to engage it.Windows 8 ReviewI think it's a step back from Windows 7, which I liked. Microsoft seems to think that Apps are the future. I think people are going to want full programs on their computers.The GoodIt's still based on Windows 7, and you can get to a Windows 7-like Desktop. Thus, you can run the full versions of programs. If you use Evernote like I do, you know that the App version on Android or the Windows App version pales in comparison to the full blown program on Windows.Full windows also allows me to use Photoshop Elements, which is a phenomenal photo organization and editing platform. I do a lot of photography and need a robust editing program (but I don't want to spend a grand on full Photoshop...Elements does everything I need for $80). Photo editing is essentially the reason why I need a computer. If I wasn't a serious photographer, I might be able to get away with just a tablet.The Opportunities1. Microsoft seems to think that either people want to use their laptops with a touch screen or that the tablet will ultimately kill the laptop. I think they're nuts. Touching the screen on a laptop is ergonomically silly. A mouse and keyboard still work a lot better, with less reaching, better posture, etc. A mouse is more precise as well.2. Based on the touch strategy, Microsoft has done away with the Start Menu and replaced it with a touch screen based Start screen filled with touch tiles. It looks really cool, but is not optimal. First of all, not all programs can be linked as a tile. Therefore, you have to click on the Desktop tile and launch from there. The Start Menu needs to be added back in. It was a good thing. I don't see a reason to get rid of it.3. Some of the programs that can be tiles are App versions. Internet Explorer is the App version, not the full version. The App version frankly stinks. There's no favorite bar, and it's missing a bunch of other functionality. So I go to the Desktop and use the full version.4. As far as I can tell, there's no good way to toggle between the Desktop and the Start Screen with a mouse. You have to reach out and click a button on the machine. Again, not thought through well from an ergonomic perspective.5. Google Chrome doesn't work well. I like Chrome, but am using IE because Chrome works so poorly. Hopefully, Google will fix it.6. The onscreen keyboard doesn't always automatically pop up. You have to click an icon to launch it.7. To get to the full apps/program list, you have to be on the Start Menu, and you have to swipe in from the bottom of the screen with your finger. Again, a situation where you need to reach out and use your finger vs using a keyboard and the mouse. When using the PC as a laptop, which I will do 80% of the time, I find that to be less than user friendly.8. It didn't come with MS Office! My last PC came with MS Office Starter. You can create Excel and Word files on SkyDrive, but it's really annoying to not get office. I am going to hold out and use SkyDrive, Wordpad, etc., as long as I can. I don't think I should need to pay $140 for MS Office, when Android tablets can download really good Office programs for less than $20 (and most of the Android tablets I have seen comes with capable Office App.) I wonder if one reason it didn't come with Office is the small Hard drive. I downloaded free Excel, PPT and Word viewers. This won't be a big deal...I don't create many Office files at home. But I'm annoyed nonetheless.All in all, 4 stars out of 5 for the Samsung hardware, and 2 stars for Windows 8. Windows could get u to 4 or 5 stars with a couple of minor (and likely cheap!) tweaks.
computer|After doing a lot of research and looking at all my options, this one was the best Windows 8 Tablet within my budget. This is a great program and it works flawlessy, just as good as the Windows 8 on my home desktop. I was able to install Microsoft office while also having apps like OneNote for fast notetaking.One of the dealbreakers when considering my options was the pen. I can easily switch to tablet mode by taking off the keyboard, put down the tablet like a notebook and use the pen like a would a regular notebook. When using the pen, the screen is unresponsive to any other touch and for me this is great! I don't have to worry about ruining my notes when scrolling through them because the only way to write in OneNote is with the pen.With Skydrive, I was able to easily access all my school and work documents by uploading them here.I did have a hard time connecting to WiFi but I found by first doing the update (SW Update) and restarting both the tablet and my router, the connection works great.The battery lasts a long time as well. At the moment I have already been using it for about six hours without charge and I still have about 60% charge on here. It has been connected to WiFi the whole time as well as having a few programs running at one time.I really do recommend this tablet if you can take a little time to update it and configure the connection. Other than that, the tablet is great!
computer|The Samsung ATIV 500T is everything I hoped for. I bought the Microsoft Surface and returned it after 2 weeks because RT is lacking in capability and growth potential. It's the only device being sold with it's replacement being advertised at the same time as being superior. I realized I needed Windows 8 full. By the time I bought the Surface RT with tactile keyboard, case and proprietary HDMI cable I was down $900. The final straw with the Surface was that it wouldn't play basic MPEG video files and no app was available. The ATIV was $200 less came with full Windows 8, a full QWERTY keyboard and standard mini HDMI port. By the time I added a 64GB mini-SD, I have a fully functional ultrabook with 3 USB-2 ports that becomes a tablet whenever I wish. Awesome! The Microsoft store even gave a me a new case for the device free. So I walked out the door with a great new device and $200 back in my pocket.I didn't buy this device to be an ereader but with the Nook app I can access my library at any time and read on the tablet. I use my ereader as my ereader and use the ATIV as my general ultra-book/tablet for everything else. I'm sold on the value of ereaders as ereaders but I don't need my ereader to be an ultrabook.I'm not a gamer so I don't need uber-powered processors. Generally I find the ATIV 500T handles everything I need quickly. It has all the apps I need. I am a very satisfied buyer!
computer|I own a lot of tablets ..the list includes an iPad, htc View, Samsung Note 10.1 and now the Ativ. I have to say that I am pleasantly surprised by this device. Let me start by saying that I bought this device and then cancelled before it shipped and them bought it again and cancelled because I wasn't sure that I needed it. I thought the Note 10.1 was perfect in size and function. After playing with this device and now Office 2013 I realized that this really blows away iPad and android devices. A touch interface to windows for the Metro apps makes it fun for content delivery. A touch interface to standard interface and the power of Office 2013 is game changer. Adding inking features and OneNote is another whole level and for me since i own the Note II the pen works on both units..an additional benefit.Of course a lot of my review so far is about the windows 8 environment and applies to most tablets with a pen. From a hardware perspective i love the screen size although at times I would not be opposed to something smaller but that would impact usability. The weight is great and the battery is unbelievable. I have one bug where the keyboard on the screen sometimes locks up while in the browser. I have the external keyboard on order so i can't speak to the issues that others have raised.Only negatives besides the keyboard bug is a screen bleed of yellow on the lower right side and the amount of free disc space available after installation.I now use this as my number one device because i get the best of the content creation and content delivery worlds in an affordable well packaged device.
computer|I've been putting this through the paces for about a week now. So far, its exceeded my expectations.I have the keyboard setup in the kitchen with a mouse and external HDD. The keyboard works good as a stand and port expansion. The keyboard will disconnect/reconnect if moved around while its open. I don't have a need to do this often so its not an issue for me. Reading the initial reviews I thought this would be an issue. It hasn't been.Initially I had an issue with the sound crackling on some desktop apps. This went away after the last BIOS update.The good- It ran Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic 2. I would guess that it can run nearly any games released prior to about 2006.- Never gets hot no matter what I do- Amazing battery life- No wifi disconnect issue like others have reported- Wacom digitizer pen is great to haveThe bad- Screen could be a higher resolution and is noticeable grainy when reading small text- Win 8 takes some getting used to (not the tablet's fault)- Keyboard disconnects/reconnects when moving it around while open- Its still just a 32-bit system with 2 gb RAM. It won't be replacing my workstation.Overall I'm very happy. It can do all the typical content consumption that most people expect out of a tablet and so much more. There is a depth of capabilities that no iPad or Android device can touch. This is not the type of tablet that I would recommend for casual users. Its a tablet for advanced users that were never satisfied with the limited capabilities of previous tablet offerings.
computer|I have owned some for of this unit for one month now and I have to say I really love the concept. A powerful tablet with the power of a mid range laptop. The addition of the SPen was was the driving factor for me to purchase this. I was only hoping to be able to work with Visio, and Sketchbook and have found myself using the ATIV for much more. Once I was able to clean off some bloatware (such as Norton) speeds improved greatly. I have the Office 2013 RTM installed and am beginning to use the ATIV more than any other device I own.Now the bad: Samsung pushed a bios update a couple of weeks ago, and it managed to corrupt something so my first unit had to be sent to repair (Samsung has been very good to deal with) apparently they need to replace the MB so I'll have to wait another week. When the Keyboard dock bundle started showing up on Amazon, I decided I'd buy a replacement and surprise my wife for Christmas (and be able to have a replacement in the mean time). The new unit showed up from Amazon with the keyboard dock which is a nice addition for writing emails in bed and when no table surface is available you can type with it in you lap. Unfortunately there is a defect in the bezel of the new tablet. Near the SD slot the bezel is bulging outward.Pros:Very capable processorRuns most Win8 Compatible appsgood size for apps that require screen real estateSPen (love it)Keyboard dock (for typing from your lap)Built in peripheralsBright screenBattery life very goodSamsung updating drivers regularlyCons:Weight (Esp with KBD dock)Build Quality QCScreen DPI (should be higher)Lack of working NFC (As far as I know only LTE version has proper antenna)Soft keyboard wonky (no swipe / voice input)Slippery exteriorBloatwareWin 8 (Should still be in Beta)Lack of accessories (Temporary)Not sure what color the case really isAll in all I have high hopes for this device, I just hope I can get one that is more reliable.
computer|The Ativ 500t tablet had everything I wanted in a tablet (i.e. stylus, nice multi-touch screen, convertible dock, thin tablet, full Windows 8), but the keyboard dock was almost unusable. Like an earlier reviewer mentioned, I had to push the tablet to the right after connecting it to the dock so that the keyboard/touchpad could connect. However, any movement such as tilting the screen or typing on an uneven surface disconnected communication with the dock. I also experienced the same issue with the Ativ 700t, which had to be returned. Hopefully Samsung can correct the dock connection issue because the tablet itself is great.Pros:Wacom digitizerDecent speedThin and light tabletSharp multi-touch screenFull Windows 8SD card slotGood battery lifeCons:Very unreliable keyboard dockWindows 8 does not include Windows Media Center. Windows 8 Pro Pack needs to be purchased for this functionality.More weight in the tablet compared to the dock, which makes the two a little unstable.Plastic finish is a finger-print magnet.
computer|I was quite excited about this x86-compatible tablet that would run all regular Windows application and bought it from Staples 2 weeks ago. Luckily, they have a liberal 2-week return policy and I returned it today.The major issue with this tablet is the WiFi. Whenever the tablet is powered on or comes out of sleep, the WiFi connects, then disconnects for a period time and, finally, reconnects. This happens for a few minutes after each power on/wake cycle. I really wanted to keep this tablet and over the past 2 weeks I updated the drivers several times and reset to factory settings twice in the hope that this problem would clear up, but it did not.There were some other minor issues, but this was the deal killer for me. If I have to wait for 3 minutes for a stable WiFi connection, I may as well just use a regular laptop.Moreover, my experience is not unique. At least one other reviewer came across this WiFi issue (search for samsung ativ 500t wifi problems).Wait for Samsung to correct this issue first, then this may be a safe purchase. Other than the WiFi, I found the performance of the Atom processor to be quite acceptable. The Metro interface worked smoothly with no lags. Also, watching standard quality videos worked well.I did not run any games or watch high-def movies, so I can't comment on how it performs on these functions.
computer|I bought this for my day job as a project manager. That means that I'm never in one spot for very long, with about a third of my time in meetings, a third on job sites, and a third at my desk. I have a laptop for the desk, but I wanted to get my work life more organized. I decided to approach the problem by investing in a tablet that would let me do everything that I used to do on a computer and on paper.The Ativ 500T pretty much handles all of that. I now mark up contracts, proposals and plans as pdfs with PDF Annotator on the ATIV, just as well as if I printed them and marked them up with pen and ink. This way, I save on toner, paper, and time scanning markups back in. I can do all of this standing in the middle of the job site, in the conference room, whereever. I can also do anything that I need to do in Microsoft Office on the ATIV, although the laptop is still the first choice on that.I'm using OneNote extensively now for meetings. The Wacom digitizer/S-pen work great, and I have had almost no issues with using the tablet like a legal pad. But now my notes are always accessible. OneNote has some stability issues that appear to have to do with the program, not the hardware, but I still find myself using it in a million unexpected ways. The other day I doodled a concept for a sign in OneNote, clicked "Send" and sent it to the graphics company in about two steps. (They hated it).The piece that ties all of this together is SkyDrive. I can sync all the project files across the laptop, Skydrive and the ATIV, so I'm not constantly behind on something on one of my machines. It does not work as well as if my employer would just set up a Sharepoint site, but you do what you can.I definitely did have all of the driver issues that many others have cited here. The poor connectivity of the network card was the worst of it, but after following a clue I found in a forum somewhere, I believe that a Bluetooth driver update finally cleared that up. It also seemed like the desktop side of Windows 8 was really buggy, but one of the updates seemed to have helped a great deal. All of the driver issues/updating are the reasons I'm giving this four stars instead of five.Other notes: After reading all of the complaints about the optional keyboard, I opted out an went with a Microsoft Bluetooth Ergo 5000 keyboard. It's small enough to travel (not that I take it with me much), and works great. I also bought a Amazon Basics tablet stand for $8 or so. I spent about half for those as I would for the Samsung keyboard, and they work great.I did try the Android Galaxy Note (which also has a Wacom digitizer), but a full Windows tablet just can't be beat, not even by an Ipad, at least not for business. The Atom processor isn't as fast as some others, but I can connect it to any printer or scanner without all of that Android drama, just like I would with a regular laptop. It also supports the specialized excel functions we use, and any other legacy Windows software. Android and IOS just don't do that cleanly.None of this would matter if the 500T didn't run cool and have a great battery life. It will definitely go all day. I don't really use it for video, music or games, but I haven't noticed any issues.Finally, the price is right, or at least more right than anything else. At $560 without the keyboard, I won't be happy, but I won't be broke if this thing dies at the jobsite one day.D
computer|I felt the need to offer up a review of the Samsung Ativ 500t due to some of the negative reviews that seem to be either about windows 8 itself, receiving a defective product, or the lack of others seeming to do all the necessary updates. One of the reviews says it all update, update, update. Out of the box there are going to be numerous updates to windows 8 that will take a while, and then you will restart and there will be more windows 8 updates. All this needs to be done, then use the Samsung software to do their updates, and in my case once restarted another major update for the touch-pad on the dock was available. This can be a pain to have to do all this, but it is part of what goes along with owning windows, but these updates make all the difference.Pros-Tablet is quite light and a generally solid feel to the unit. Yes, it is typical Samsung plastics, but I have grown use to that as the device feels light with no obvious creeks or some of the other issues associated with these devices.Keyboard dock- others have reported problems with the dock, for me the dock has a nice and responsive keyboard which is a necessity for any of the devices to function as a laptop.Screen- The screen is good with nice color depiction and clear text.S-pen- This is one of the key differences for this device is the inclusion of Samsung s-pen using Wacom digitizer technology.Cons-When docked together the device is more top heavy, and in general might feel little by the slightest margin bit heavier than some ultra-books on the market.Charging port on the tablet itself is finicky. If it gets bumped or moved well plugged in the device will stop charging, and have to turn the charging cord to get it back to charging. I find it far easier just to plug the charging the cord into the keyboard dock and keep the tablet docked well charging. This also provides some protection instead of just setting the tablet loose on a desk or shelf.After using the tablet/keyboard combo I can say it is a good product for the price of 649. I would recommend it for someone who is looking at windows 8 tablets/convertibles/laptops to consider the ativ as potential option. This obviously is not a good computer to look at for someone looking to do heavy gaming or heavy video/photo editing as should be obvious by the processor. The Intel atom process handles most tasks well that need to be done, web browsing, office, light games, some light photo editing etc. or the majority of what most people would use a computer for these days.
computer|Full Windows 8 (no Windows 8 RT) means you can run all your applications without issues, making it incredibly more functional than anything.Pros:- Full Windows 8- The keyboard is a most if you plan to use an office suite with it.- The stylus is great for precise clicks- Good balance of weight for its size- Big stereo speakers- Decent battery life- USB port this by itself is worth the tablet- MicroSD slot to save all your documents and downloadsCons- Very rough edges on Windows 8 as it lacks attention to details like iOS for the iPad (when you touch a text box and the virtual keyboard doesn't pop up automatically like in iOS)- It feels a bit cheap due to the extensive use of plastic- Drivers, drivers, drivers... you need to update your drivers as it has annoyances with the touch screen's precision.- Keyboard doesn't seem to attach properly unless you force it really hard- Atom CPU is alright, but still feels a bit underpowered when the tablet is used in classic desktop mode rather than the new Windows 8 interface.Other than that it is a great tablet that my wife bought. I have an iPad and while it is a great device the freedom you get from having Windows 8 is a great plus. Specially the USB port to use it with thumb drives while on the road for work related trips. If you want a convertible it is worth the price, but Samsung needs to pay more attention to detail on the hardware and Microsoft pour more money on every single detail to make Windows 8 more tablet friendly.
computer|I have read a lot of reviews describing problems that are fixed with simple software updates. When you first boot up, launch Samsung's "SW Update" and it will update just about every driver on the system. Some are optional, but you should do those as well. Sure it would have been better if it shipped with properly functioning drivers, but it really isn't a big deal to just update them. I'd assume newer units will come with the updates anyway.I'm really enjoying this system. Windows 8 is fantastic on a tablet (not so much on a non-touch desktop!). It's almost a no-compromise system. I can do 95% of my tasks (browsing, mail, light gaming, etc.) in the touch-friendly modern UI and still have the desktop when I need it for business and productivity (Quicken, Office, VPN connections, etc.).
computer|In short, I love this tablet! However, don't try using it right out of the box before running the Samsung &#34;SW Update&#34; utility.For the whole story, read on.Before the SW Update:Took it out of the box, the battery was totally dead, so I had to plug it in for a while before turning it on. it came up and I was impressed with everything....even connected to WIFI seamlessly. After about 20 minutes of me playing with it until I tried uninstalling Norton Security and it froze. I couldn't close the Norton uninstall utility, I couldn't launch other apps, and it wouldn't allow me to turn it off! Finally, the screen went totally blank (but still backlit) with no way to turn it off. I decided I would send it back since basically it was a paperweight. I looked online and found out how to reset/refresh the tablet by pressing and holding the volume+ with the power button. That reset it and it booted back to Windows fine. (only about 10 seconds to boot from cold). I IMMEDIATELY went to the SW update to let it do it's thing. Primarily, the update consisted of a firmware update, a couple drivers and few other less important things.After the SW Update:Voila! Like a whole new tablet! I was able to uninstall every app I didn't want (including Norton Security) with no problems. I have not had a SINGLE complaint about it since. Battery life is INCREDIBLE (the main reason I chose this tablet over the beefier and more pricey Intel i5 tablets) and while I'm on that subject, the performance is surprisingly fast.Did I mention I am running Visual Studio Professional and a full blown version of SQL Server? Seriously, I am. Both installed without a hitch. Just as a benchmark, I can start a new VS c# WCF project and I'm ready to code in the blank project in about 3-4 seconds. SQL Server management studio opens to the login in about 2-3 seconds, I can connect to the database and see my object tree (on the left side) in another 2-3 seconds. Amazing for this tablet.I would highly recommend it, but don't expect to get away without running SW updates. Because of the great price, screen size, and battery life, I chose this tablet to hold me until the higher powered tablets come up to where they need to be. If you only get 4 hours of battery life with the Core i5 processor in a tablet, they're just not ready for prime time. Maybe next year. For now, this tablet makes me not really need an i5, so I'm good!
computer|I am a college student who has had the ultra heavy laptop for last two years that could last about 2~3 minutes without charge. I always envied those people taking notes in class with their fancy devices. After a month of searching for a tablet/computer, I have decided on this Tablet PC. I did think about just getting a ultrabook, but I wanted to try something new. Then, I narrowed it down to either this 500t or 700t.500t vs 700tOkay, there will be people out there deciding which one to get. In summary, if you are getting a 500t, you are sacrificing performance over the battery life. An atom processor with 9 hours of usage. If you are thinking of getting a 700t, vice versa. You may get some sort of excellent performance, yet you will only a 4~5 hours. Please be aware that I have never used a 700t, so I would not know for sure. I am writing this 700t review based on what the majority has said. Please feel free to disagree. So, as I told you before, I am a college student who is studying health sciences. So, the main objective of having a tablet pc is mostly taking notes on OneNote or Word. Also after having a computer that only lasted 5 minutes without charge, I really did care the battery life. I have not tried Photoshop on this device, but I heard some strokes lagging, but I will be sure to report back on that based on my experiences. I am going to recommend this device over the 700t to students who are not so big on Photoshop or anything that will require high performance and speed. I am going to write a quick comparison between the devices based on my knowledge. 500t 700tPrice $599 $1199 ( as I know now)Perf. MS Office working smooth heard PS perf is without any flawProcessor Atom Processor Intel Core i5 (not going to get into specifics)Size 64gb (excluding micro sd) 128gb (excluding micro sd)Heat no heat whatsoever vents are present, so yeah some heat (please read other reviews)Noise dead silence (please refer to other reviews)Availability amazon (very easy) amazon always ran out of stock (they might have it now)Camera 9MP & 2MP 5MP (I think) 2MPUSB 1 x 2.0 USB ? x 3.0 USBAs I mentioned before, please do refer to other reviews for 700t specs since this is not a review of that device.So back to the review for 500t.DeviceAs it is mentioned, it is less than 2 pounds (right?). It feels really light. When I received the package, the unopened box was extremely light. The retail box plus the amazon box were lighter than my computer. I actually thought they sent the wrong item, but it's just that device was really light. It does feel kind of weird holding it up with your hands the first time. But you really get used to it later on. It should be perfect size as a laptop for the most of you. Okay, so many people have complained Samsung going cheap with the materials such as the plastic back cover. In my opinion, that really is not a problem. If it is too slippery for you, then buy a leather case or apply a skin that has a matte finish to it. If you are afraid of dropping the device and the plastic breaking, well... how many times did you drop your laptop? I don't know about you guys, but I never dropped my laptop and the same goes for my device because for the most of the time, the device will be on my stand.PerformanceSo before I bought this device, I read so many reviews on some issues the early adapters were going through. There were some problems with audio driver., wifi connection issue, s pen detection issue, slow processing time, lagging, and so many other issues that I can't remember. So I am going to point out some of them in this review. PLEASE be aware that these people who are having issues have written those posts one or two months ago. Some of those reviewers did not care to update their pc's status after all the updates were done. Please refer to following forum for any updates or issues.[...]I know there are like 80 pages of comments, but if you are buying a device like this, you really ought to spend your time on it. So, back to the updates. Yes, two months is a enough time period for the developers to hear a lot of complaints for customers all over the world and get their hands on the problems. I bought this device three days ago. So that is January 17th, 2013. As soon as I opened the device, I didn't do anything else than connecting it to my wifi network and deleting useless software. For me, it was Norton AV. I was going to do a clean install, but that seemed unnecessary. I just installed Windows 8 Manager to do my job for me cleaning all the things I didn't need. Then, I downloaded some useful software from SW Update. Then, I installed updates from Windows Update. Some people complained that SW Update provided them with duplicate Windows update, but it never did that for me. After all the bios and software were upgraded, I had no issues with anything I mentioned above (except for wifi issue. Will be discussed in Keyboard section). So, if you are still eiffy about getting the device because of all the problems that were mentioned by some reviewers, I highly recommend you to do a further research on the device according to the date. Keep up with all the comments and reviews. It is highly possible that most of the problems are solved by now.Performance III think I only talked about issues and updates. So back to performance. I use OneNote with this device. For me, I like writing down with my hands than typing it out because I think I memorize more when I write with my hands. With this device, I have written down so many notes on OneNote and I had no problems. Actually, one problem was when converted my pdf file into ppt file and loaded those slides on OneNote. It took some time to load images and detect my pen. But after a few minutes of doing that, the device worked fine. If you are just taking notes on OneNote with nothing imported to the Note, then you should be fine. No lags or any issues. Other than OneNote, I did not do much on this tablet since this is not my gaming laptop or anything that requires high performance. Anything else such as touch detection, browsing speed and processing speed seem to be beyond its expectations. I just never used my main laptop since I got this device. Oh, one small improvement Samsung could do was palm detection. It kind of bothered me a bit in the beginning when I was trying to take notes and the page would scroll down when it detected my palm instead of my S Pen. Hopefully, this gets fixed pretty soon.Windows 8Some people seem to be reviewing the operating system for some reason on this tablet pc review. But I really think that is not so related... Some people seem to be even downgrading to Windows 7. In my opinion, the OS is great and no other OS should be run on this device. I am going to end on that.BatteryIt is just ridiculous. I mean ridiculously good. It is claimed to get about 9 hours on battery. I have read so many reviews on people using this device for days without charge (light use), two days without charge (normal use), and one full day without charge (heavy use). For me, it lasted unbelievably wrong that I thought there was something wrong with the device. Yesterday, I watched 4 movies (one of 3-hour, two of 2-hour, one of 1 1/2-hour), and two short tv shows (20 minute x 2). The device was fully charged in the beginning, and I had to plug in my device one hour into the last movie when it asked me to plug in the device at 6%. (Yes I had no life yesterday). All this happened on Netflix with no other apps running even the desktop at brightness level of about 40~60% (brightness constantly changes according to the brightness of your environment). Speaking of which, some people claim that there is a difference in battery life when used on desktop mode and metro mode. I have not yet confirmed the difference because I usually mix both when I am taking notes, but it seems to be that metro mode sure does eat up less power to be run. I could be wrong on that though. If my movie experiment did not satisfy you, during school days when I only take notes for 5~6 hours a day, the device goes from 96% to 80%. But be aware that top 20% of the battery drains fast, then the battery stabilizes around below 80%.KeyboardI decided not to buy the keyboard. Instead, I just bought this MS Wedge Keyboard. I won't do a review of the product here, but just a few things. The keyboard's cover works as the Ativ's stand. It sure does the job and the keyboard is very responsive.AccessoriesIt is kind of sad that this device not been taken seriously to some good screen protector, skin and case companies like Zagg, Gelaskins, SGP and many others. I do not believe in any cases. I tend to babysit my devices, but in a different way. I always apply a artwork skins in the back and a pretty tough screen protectors in the front (like SGP Glas.t) I wanted to do the same thing for this device, but my choice seemed to be very limited. Also, all the cases for the device seemed to be loose, fat and ugly. For now, I am waiting for a cheap screen protector from Hong Kong and a skin from a company I have never used before. Both of them came out to be around 40 dollars including shipping. To me, 40 dollars comes out to be 400 dollars when I sell my device back later. So, I am willing to pay a good fortune for protection of this device. Hopefully, later in the future, companies like I mentioned acknowledge the device and make something for them. Til then, I am stuck with cheap and untrustworthy protection.Overall,GOOD-battery life,-opt performance for a student who is seeking some entertainment and a digital notebook-light; very user-friendly (no complicated buttons, even though you might have to learn some hand gestures as shortcuts)-responsiveBAD-palm detection could be better-lack of accessoriesps. for people who have issues with the keyboard being too light and the device tipping over because of that! Since I do not have the dock keyboard, I have not tried this solution, but I just imagined it to work. Basically, you are putting some weight to the keyboard. You could just randomly tape some weight, but that would look ugly. I am not encouraging you try this and any failure will be your responsible. One thing I thought of doing if I ever got the device was buying these weight tapes from a golf shop. I think the tape is lead and it may put some weight to the keyboard. Again, I am not responsible if it does not work. If you think it will leave a residue, then don't. (But I don't think it left any residue on my golf clubs). If anyone is crazy enough to try this, and it does succeed, please report back. If it does not work, tough luck.Please do feel free to ask questions or tackle any parts of my review
computer|I am a graduate student. All of my professors post notes online and I wanted to annotate them, either by typing in powerpoints or using a pen to write on pdf files. I did a lot of research and narrowed it down to the 500t and the Asus 810 Vivo Tab. Looking at the specs, they seemed nearly identical to me. I could not justify the extra $200 for the Asus tablet and dock for aesthetic reasons and because I have historically had bad luck with Samsung.Overall, I am extremely impressed and satisfied with this product. It works great in class. Windows 8 is a nice operating system as far as I am concerned. I have been a mac user for most of my life and do not have much faith in windows, but I am happy with Windows 8 so far. It does have more glitches than my MacBook Pro running Lion, but they are not too annoying. I find myself using it more in tablet mode than laptop mode, which is not what I expected. However, both work great.Pros:-lightweight/slim, even with the keyboard- keyboard feels great when typing on it. Almost like a real laptop-Windows 8 is interesting and fun. I like having the metro (tablet) and desktop experience-The digitizer pen is stored in the tablet (making it much harder for someone like me to lose it)-Digitizer pen works great in OneNote. I have switched to using OneNote even over powerpoint and word for notes because of the ease of writing. (There is significantly more lag in PDF reader and S note. Almost no lag in OneNote.)-Processor is surprisingly quick. I can tell a large difference between this and my old dual core MacBook obviously, but was surprised at how well the processor handles everyday word processing, note-taking, and simple game playing.-Full Windows 8, not RT-Incredible Battery life. One of the main reasons I needed a new computer. I am on campus or in clinic for 8 hours a day and am constantly on this thing. When I get home I generally have at least 20% of battery left.-Quiet/ doesn't get hot because of the Atom processor-Display is great for watching movies-Digitizer pen... yes I put it again. It isn't an iPad capacitive crayon.-Makes my classmates jealous/want one because it's so darn practical for students-Trackpad works better than I expected from other reviews, as long as it works at the computer recognizes it.-Skydrive is awesome, especially with OneNote unifying all of my classes' notes, whether they be pdfs, powerpoints, word documents. And I can access them anywhere. Perfect.Cons:-Samsung bloatware... always annoying with Samsung products-It does crash, but restarts quickly.-Does not handle large programs or a lot of multitasking/ simultaneous downloading well sometimes.-Don't like the blue color, or style of the click in keyboard. But it is not the worst I've seen. The Envy X2 looked cleaner to me.- I've experienced the same problems with the keyboard connectivity as others have described, even with all firmware updates. The sound of the keyboard connecting and disconnecting while watching movies or typing is annoying, but you can turn that off from the control panel. No big deal. Fn F9 or a click out and back in seems to fix the keyboard if it is not connecting. Slightly annoying but I can deal with it.- Not a huge fan of the 16:9 ratio as it is a little awkward especially in portrait mode-A little top heavy when clicked into the keyboardOverall, I am extremely happy with this. If I had to do it over again, I would definitely buy this over the iPad or other windows tablets. Great value compared to others, great battery life, processor is good enough for me, and extremely practical. Take notes, write a paper, play games, watch movies - it does it all as good or better than expected. Just a few quarrels, but that's expected for a first generation style, and most are design based anyway rather than performance. I would recommend it to any college student that is wondering if a tablet is more practical, because it does both very well.
computer|A year ago I abandoned my slow Dell Mini 10 and tried pairing my Motorola Atrix with the optional lapdock. While that combo was touted as a merger between phone and computer, it ain't. The Android platform is not a serious personal computing platform yet. This Samsung Smart PC is. I find it has the conveniences of a touchscreen interface with none of the computing compromises that Android has.This is a real computer. With the keyboard attached, it looks and feels like any other laptop. I have not experienced any of the bugs with the keyboards the early adopters have reported. But unlike laptops, the keyboard separates with the push of a button and suddenly I have a full functioning tablet. The app interface of Windows 8 is quick to get used to and customizing it was easy to learn intuitively. Since this computer does become a stand alone tablet, I see all of the benefits to Windows 8. I still have Windows 7 on my dedicated keyboard computers, but I won't shy away from updating when I get back to using them. For now though, this computer is too fun to put away.Also, with the built in Bluetooth, all of my wireless keyboards, mice and headphones work easily on this computer. The Wi Fi has the strongest reception of any computer I have tried sitting at my work cubicle where the connection is usually weak. This thing get full bars most of the time and never drops the connection. Not so for my phone. I can stream music and video on this at work and not go though my bandwidth restricted employer internet.I am a power user of Word, Excel, and other Microsoft Office programs and my Office 2007 Student edition installed quickly and runs great. I'm waiting to see Office 2013 come out before I upgrade to that since the 2010 version isn't Windows 8 ready yet. I could also load other windows programs like Scrivener. Android may have more apps, but it can't run the thousands of full Windows programs and the Android word editing programs are a joke. There is nothing close to a word processor available on Android so anyone wondering what the value of Windows 8 is over Android, think about what you want in a computer. If you plan to do any professional computing like word processing, serious spreadsheets or others, you need a real computer.Lastly, the display is large and crisp. It feels like HDTV compared to my Dell Mini 10 display and the Motorola Lapdock display often looked no better than SD TV. Plus the built in speakers are great for going without headphones when privacy is not needed.Overall I highly recommend this computer.
computer|I received my new Samsung ATIV 500t on December 18 of last year. I was very excited after trying and returning: the Kindle Fire HD 8.9, a Sony VAIO ultralight laptop (not light) and various accessories for both. My opening experience was getting re-accustomed to Windows 8 which I had used briefly with the Sony. Then I discovered the desktop which mostly takes one back to the very familiar Windows 7. That was a blessing. Then the dock started doing its thing of dinging, double-dinging, dinging, double-dinging for endless cycles! My online chat with Samsung support was kind of like communicating with a post. The rep said that it sounded like hardware, so he/she would not be able to assist me. Huh??Next I tried calling Samsung support, but that too was a complete failure. They suggested that I take it for service even though it was only a week old! Finally I contacted Amazon support to see if it was possible to return just the dock because I didn't want to have to go through restoring the computer, then reinstalling all my apps when the replacement came because I do love the tablet. The first rep who was very helpful said that she did not believe that is allowed, but would check. Of course, we were disconnected... When I called back and got a different rep, he somehow talked the "powers that be" into allowing me to return just the keyboard dock. Thank you very much if you read this! My next solution was to order the Kensington Bluetooth keyboard folio, a little bit small (the tablet hangs over about 0.5 inches on each side), but very functional!My advice: buy just the tablet and maybe Samsung will find a solution to the keyboard dock. Or Kensington will make available a keyboard folio just for this tablet.
computer|I bought this because I was looking for thin/light tablet to replace my current ipad/laptop combo. I needed a tablet with full Windows 8 so that I could run older programs and games. Besides the standard review, I will be updating this post with games that I find are playable on this Atom (Clover Trail) powered tablet.Playable games so far:Torchlight 1Battle for Middle Earth 2Farcry 1SNES Emulator: Using my iPhone as an SNES Controller.Elder Scrolls III: MorrowindPlaystation Emulator: Played a bit of FFVII, takes a lot of tweaking, but I got it to run smooth and look good. I haven't gotten the iPhone gamepad working with the emulator yet.Unplayable:World of WarcraftDiablo IIIBasically, any old strategy, puzzle, adventure game should work. Current generation games will need the i5 I think. I'll be trying more games on the Playstation 1 Emulator soon.Windows 8:When I first saw videos of windows 8 in action, I felt it was going to be Vista 2.0. After actually using it on a tablet, I feel it is the best OS for tablet computing. Switching between open programs, quickly seeing what is open, and having multiple programs up on the display at the same time is very easy to do. Some of these features are either difficult to do, or not possible on other mobile OS's. Powering on is very quick, even when the tablet is powered off completely. There is not much different between the iPad and Win8 in power-on times from a cold boot. For security, Windows 8 lets you login with a Windows Live ID, which syncs your settings across you're windows 8 devices (Backgrounds, passwords, etc). You can choose to use a standard password, or use a number (Pin) code (which is what I prefer for speed), or a picture login (you touch/swipe parts of the login picture and that is your password).The Start screen is filled with active tiles (as apposed to dead icons like the ipad) that cycle through relevant information (Email/News/Weather/etc.) without having to actually open those programs. Time/Date/Battery/Wifi info can be brought up at any time by swiping from the right side of the screen. I used to hate having to power-cycle my ipads display just to get the time/date. Start screen tiles can be arranged in groups to your liking. You can swipe from the left side of the screen to cycle through open programs, or see a list. You can grab any open program and either slide it to your main window, or snap it as a side-app next to your main window, either to the left or the right of the main window. As an example, I like having my email up in a side-window, while browsing the internet in the main window. No more having to switch to my email app. You could also put a movie on one of your side windows, or music. I wouldn't be surprised if Apple/Google add these features in the near future.The Windows desktop still exists, and is used mainly for legacy support for non-windows8 programs. Eventually all programs should have a Windows8 version that can run through the Start screen (aka metro interface). Until then, it is nice to know I can run Visual Studio, Photoshop, Morrowind =) , on my very portable tablet. As an IT professional, having a full version of Windows 8 is invaluable. Non-windows8 programs may run slow on these tablets with Atom processors, but it is a small trade-off to get a very thin and light tablet with a full version of windows 8.Battery Life:The battery seems to last forever on these Atom powered tablets. I can use it all day for work, play games during lunch, watch movies when I get home, all without having to plug it in. And because I can't play a lot of graphics intensive games (yet), this tablet Is far outlasting my iPad.Cost:In general Windows RT tablets are $500 for a 32GB version without a keyboard, and $600 with a keyboard. Upgrading to larger hard drives (64Gb/128GB) increase the cost as well. Windows RT will not be able to run old programs but they do use an ARM processor that has better graphics performance (for now). These Atom powered tablets are between $600 and $800. They start with 64GB hard drives, and some include a keyboard. Not all Atom tablets are the same. Some have digitizers, and some don't. I feel that the larger hard drive, digitizer, and full version of Windows 8 is worth an extra $50-$100 more over the Windows RT Tablets.Display:The display is nowhere near as good as the iPad 3/4s Retina display. But it is good enough for web browsing/email/MSoffice/light gaming. It is very bright, but hard to see under direct sunlight. I really wanted a 1900x1000+ display, but the cost is just too much. Overall I am happy with this tablets 1366x768 resolution. It is perfect for watching movies. If you do any kind of artsy graphics stuff, you may need to invest in the higher cost, more bulky i5 tablets until manufacturers see a larger demand from us for better displays, on thinner/lighter/cheaper tablets.Size:The size made me hesitate a bit before I bought this. Coming from an iPad, I was hoping for a tablet that had similar dimensions. The iPad seems more balanced for holding it with one hand by the edge of the tablet. This one is designed to be used primarily in landscape mode, but because it is so wide, it makes it hard to hold it by the edge. I have found that it is more comfortable to just hold it by placing my hand on the back of the tablet like holding a pizza. Some people may have to pass on these wide tablets due to the preference of holding the tablet by the edge of the screen. Functionally though, Windows 8 takes full advantage of the wide format for having multiple programs on the screen at the same time. The thickness is just about the same as the iPad, and I am happy with it. .38" vs .37"Sound:Amazing. Stereo speakers on the edges of the tablet in landscape mode. It's nice to finally have stereo sound on a tablet for watching movies, listening to music and playing games. Don't expect much bass.Weight:Very light. Just slightly heavier than the iPad 4. 1.65 lb. vs 1.44 lb. The wide format makes it seem heavier than it is though. I am leery of upgrading to the Surface Pro or any other i5 tablet because they start to reach 2 lb. or higher. I want my tablet to remain a tablet. Hopefully technology will advance quickly so that we can have thin/light/HD display tablets that have the power to play high quality 3d games and do artist stuff. For now, I opted to have a light tablet that makes sacrifices elsewhere.Digitizer:Coming from an iPad I did not know what I was missing. Not all of the Windows 8 tablets have a digitizer, so you will need to decide if you want one that does, and shop accordingly. This adds an extra layer to the display that detects the stylus (it shows a dot on the screen when the stylus gets close to the screen). Hovering over a program or icon is the same as hovering your mouse over a program on a Desktop PC. you don't have to touch the screen. Touching the screen is like a left-click on a mouse. Pressing the button on the Stylus while pressing the screen initiates a right-click. (These functions change depending on what program you are using). The digitizer used in the Samsung tablets is a Wacom, which I believe has 1024 points of pressure detection. This allows you to change the thickness of the lines depending how hard you are pressing on the screen. In note-taking programs, when the screen detects the stylus is close to the screen, the program will ignore youre palm, making it much easier to take notes. Some programs perform great with the digitizer, and some are slow/delayed. I think the Atom processer does a good job with processing digitizer input for the most part. For artists, I would say a digitizer is a must have. The stylus is kind of small, and it is stored in the case of the tablet. It is very difficult to remove and I think they should have improved on this. Overall, I am going to like notetaking a lot better from now on.Performance:The Intel Atom Clover Trail chip is optimized for windows 8, and battery life. Perfect for a productivity tablet. The built-in graphics processing unit (GPU) is faster than the iPad 2, but slower than the iPad 3/4. I believe this was to improve battery life, and cut down on costs. The drivers for the GPU need some work before it can play full screen 3D games at its full potential. Expect games to perform better after a driver update is released in the future. Advances in technology should allow Intel to provide a better gaming experience without sacrificing battery life, size, weight of the tablet. Aside from gaming, I am happy with the performance of the Atom. Metro apps are flawless. Older desktop apps can sometimes lag, but overall they work fine. I was able to watch full HD 1080p movies with no issues. Old games that don't rely on GPU's perform good. See my list of playable games for an example.Connectors/Ports:This has a full, built-in USB 2.0 port, and MicroSD slot, and a MiniHDMI port. The USB port is great for connecting Flash Drives/Hard Drives/ peripherals, without the need for an adaptor. I outfitted my MicroSD slot with a 64GB memory card where I Store my downloads/Music/Movies/Games. I have not tried the MiniHDMI port yet.My list of Cons:The Keyboard Dock is unavailable. Aftermarket covers with built-in stands are not available yet. I will be buying the Microsoft Wedge Mobile keyboard. The cover doubles as a stand for the tablet. This will be smaller than the official Dock making it easier to keep with me should I need it.As already discussed. The Graphics drivers could use an update to take full advantage of the GPU.The case is made out of plastic. It flexes and feels kind of cheap. This obviously does not effect the performance and features.That's it. There used to be issues with sound and the digitizer, but Samsung updates fixed them. Just run the Samsung updater when you get your tablet. A work-around is to disable the sound/digitizer in the Device Manager, and then re-enable them. Or just reboot.Note: If you royally mess up your tablet, you can restore it to factory defaults:Hold down the Volume-UP button while turning on the tablet to enter the Windows Troubleshooting utility.Also note that Windows Restore Points are not enabled by default. If you want to be able to go back to a certain point in time, do the following:To enable System Protection: Go to the desktop, swipe the screen from the right side to bring up the settings panel. Click on "Control Panel". Click on "System and Security" and then click on "System". Then select "System Protection". Then press the "Configure" button. Turn system protection on, then create a restore point right away. Installing updates does not automatically create a restore point like I thought it would. Just create a restore point before any system updates to be safe (not necessary for program updates)
computer|I received this tablet with keyboard dock from Amazon on November 13 and experienced a number of problems, detailed in this review. However, I wanted to post my most recent experience at the top of the review so you can know what to expect if you buy the tablet today. My original review is posted below.Latest Update 12/17/2012:Samsung released driver updates at the end of last week for the chipset, sound card, and Bluetooth chip. I am glad to say that since those drivers were released, nearly every problem I've had with the tablet has been resolved. Sound is now 100% reliable with no clicking from the speakers, wifi connects reliably every time, and there seem to be no more random freeze ups. The keyboard dock has gradually become more reliable to the point where it has not disconnected in days (I think the connector just needs to "break in" a bit.) I have been pleased enough with this tablet over the last week that I ordered two additional units, one for the lab I work in, and another as a gift. The unit for the lab did experience keyboard disconnects at first, but over several days of use they have declined just like they did with mine. Like any first generation device, this one did have a few rough edges at first, but I'm impressed that Samsung has relatively quickly released updated drivers that solve nearly all the problems. For now I am leaving my review at 2 stars so that this review remains as the "most helpful critical review", but eventually I will update the rating to reflect my current feelings. If you have been eyeing this tablet and hesitating to buy it because of the reported problems, go ahead and buy it. If you run the included SW Update utility to get all the latest drivers, you will be very happy with the Samsung Ativ Smart PC.Original Review:I purchased the version with the keyboard dock from Amazon on October 29, and received it November 13. The tablet itself is everything it's made out to be, but the keyboard dock has a major problem. While comfortable to type on, it has a terrible problem where the connection between the keyboard and the screen is lost randomly while typing. The problem occurs most frequently when the system is resting on my lap, as opposed to on a desk. It is made worse if I use the touch screen before typing, or if my legs are angled downward. I believe the issue lies in a poorly designed docking connector on the keyboard. While the tablet does "lock" into place, it is not locked tightly enough to ensure a secure and reliable connection. When the problem occurs, a firm press to push the tablet back into the dock usually resolves it, but it's really annoying to have to do this constantly. In addition, when the keyboard connection is lost, so are the USB ports on the keyboard dock. I've already suffered failed file transfers while installing programs due to this issue.For the time being, I will keep the tablet and see whether this becomes a serious issue, or whether it's just an intermittent annoyance. However, I cannot recommend the tablet/keyboard dock combination to anyone since Samsung is charging a $100 premium for a keyboard dock that simply doesn't work properly.UPDATE 11/16/2012I've used the tablet for a few days now, and my initial disappointment has been tempered somewhat by the amazingness of the tablet itself, as well as by discovering a method to reduce the frequency of the keyboard disconnects. First, regarding the keyboard dock. I discovered that if I firmly press the keyboard into the dock and then push the tablet to the right in order to fully engage the latching mechanism, the frequency of keyboard disconnects is reduced dramatically. I was initially experiencing keyboard disconnects nearly every 30 seconds, but after starting to push the tablet to the right when docking with the keyboard, the disconnects have decreased to maybe once or twice per day. It seems like taking a second every now and then to ensure the tablet is securely docked does a lot to prevent the disconnects.Now, I haven't said anything about the tablet itself yet. Quite simply, it's amazing. There are a few minor issues that will probably be resolved with driver updates including occasionally glitchy Windows sound effects (resolved by reboot), and an unreliable S Camera app (though the Microsoft camera app works fine). The tablet is extremely fast and does not at all feel like an Atom processor. Websites load quickly and scrolling is smooth. The wifi signal strength is great, and it connected to my university's WPA-Enterprise encrypted network without a hitch (previous tablets I've had have struggled with this). The ambient light sensor is acceptable, though not the best (running SW Update to get the latest driver improves it a lot compared to the driver the computer ships with). The extremely wide, glossy screen looks spectacular and is great for viewing HD content (unlike the iPad's 4:3 screen). HD videos from Youtube and elsewhere play back perfectly. I was also impressed with the quality of the speakers. Despite having a super-thin slate form factor, the 2x0.8W speakers sound incredible - better than many laptops I've used, and the volume is louder than you'd expect to get from a device of this type. I was also impressed with the tablet's ability to play MP3's over Bluetooth audio (A2DP) while the computer is in sleep mode, and also how resume from sleep mode is literally instant (no more 5-10 second wait like on most Windows 7 PC's.) The inking experience is great, just like you'd expect from any Wacom-powered tablet, and it's very convenient to be able to store the stylus inside the computer. The included stylus is short (crayon size) and does not have an eraser, so beware that to erase ink in the free Microsoft OneNote app, you will either need to rely on the Undo command or select and delete the ink manually (there is no eraser tool in the free OneNote app, unlike the full Office 2013 OneNote). Another option if you're inking often is to purchase a full size Wacom stylus that includes an eraser on the top. (The tablet DOES recognize the eraser on other Wacom styluses, I tested it.) This resolves the issue with erasing ink in the free OneNote, and is also more comfortable to write with.Overall, my feelings about this system have changed drastically from when I first posted the angry review about the keyboard issue, so I'm increasing my rating to 4 stars. The missing star is for the occasional keyboard disconnects, and the lingering driver issues with the camera and the sound card. I'll post another update if I discover anything new!UPDATE 11/25/2012:A new annoying problem has started to occur on my tablet. The wifi will frequently fail to connect when I turn the tablet on. I'm subtracting a star because of this. It often takes 2-3 attempts of cycling Airplane Mode on/off to get it to connect. I've tried uninstalling/reinstalling the driver to no avail. Hoping a driver update fixes this, because other than the wifi issue I am loving my tablet. Even the keyboard disconnects that bothered me originally have been less and less frequent. I credit that mostly to me being more conscious of whether the tablet is securely seated in the dock, and pushing it in every now and then to make sure.UPDATE 12/2/2012The wifi problem has continued. Yesterday it took me a full 10 minutes of playing with the Airplane Mode toggle, connecting/disconnecting, sleep/wake, restart, and full shutdown/restart, before it finally connected. I have an email in to Samsung support about this issue, but have not received a response yet. If you search for "Samsung Ativ Wonky Wifi", you'll find a professional review of the tablet that also mentions this issue. This wifi problem is really ruining the fun with this unit. At least the keyboard dock issue could be quickly fixed when it occurred by pushing the tablet into the keyboard dock, but this wifi issue has no easy solution and is extremely disruptive. I'm subtracting another star, and I'm thinking about subtracting another, especially if Samsung support can't help out.
computer|As an owner of tablets before the ipad and all 3 ipad variations including the "new" ipad, I have always struggled to get rid of that feeling of it either being too cumbersome for use(pre-ipads), or just a toy with few cool uses(ipads). I think with this tablet, I have finally found what I am looking for. I am so happy with it, I am actually writing the first review I have ever done for a product.Ability to hook up common usb peripherals and use them? Check - external DVD, USB stick were a breeze to use and install programs (.iso of software CD's, etc). Flawless, and convenient.Ability to use the programs I have already purchased for my home machine? Check - Office 2010, adobe photoshop, etc - they all worked without issue. I just can't emphasize how nice this is to finally have in a tablet. I even put world of warcraft on for the heck of it - just because I could.Ability to expand through a Micro SD card? Check - bought a 64GB class 10 card and have Apps installed on it (yes, you can install apps to the microSD card) as well as videos, games, MP3's and pictures. Very handy, doesn't fill the O/S drive with unnecessary items.Great Screen? Check - even coming from a retina ipad user. Bright, vivid display with good sharp resolution. The auto brightness is a tad harsh at times, but that can be adjusted in the power settings.Great battery? Check - hours and hours of play each day for the last two days, and the remaining battery life frankly blew me away each night (60%+ available). This is through installing programs, playing games, watching videos, surfing the web (can't count the number of times my son looped that gangum style song on you tube!?!). Very impressed with battery life for a full featured machine.Windows 8? Not as bad as I thought. I was anticipating a train wreck that would take me a long time to get used to. It is well done and feels good on the tablet. Not sure I am up for putting it on my home machine yet, but on the tablet, it really goes a long ways to make it the experience it is. Also, Samsung includes a program if you use the "SW Updater" that puts the start button functionality basically back on your desktop. Samsung did a nice job with the pen that you get with the tablet as well - that thing is handy in OneNote, it can even read my terrible handwriting. When you have to bounce to the desktop, it is also a nice feature to be able to use the pen and click, drag, right-click. Not necessary, but nice none the less.Processor Speed? Again, not as bad as I thought. I almost didn't buy it when I saw "atom". Perhaps intel should change the name, because this processor actually performs well. It seemed sluggish for the first few hours, but after that it has really been peppy. Perhaps there were some things installing in the background, or maybe uninstalling Norton bloatware did it, but the performance of the Atom processor has exceeded my expectations.I think the build quality of the tablet is very nice - good clean edges, great sounding speakers that point toward you, well placed inputs on the edges. As far as "feel" of the materials, I find it very similar to my wife's Galaxy S3. It is lighter than I expected for the size, but the size poses issues I mention below (non-standard - nothing fits it).Negatives? No docking station in stock anywhere - I mean I have tried all over. No Cases and covers available for it yet. I am currently using a $12 sleeve I bought at a discount retailer (actually fits nice, made by merkury) that will have to hold me over until I find something real. The charger for it is like a laptop charger that plugs into the wall (has a mini brick). I don't see any Car adapters for it available, and would guess it will be expensive as you can't seem to use a common USB type charger for it.Overall, those few negatives aside which time may fix, I love this thing. More than I expected. Thanks Samsung and Microsoft for finally making the tablet I have been waiting for.
computer|Coming from an Android, I must say this product is fantastic. Mine is extremely fast, without lag on all Metro apps, and the majority of x86 apps (word, excel, onenote..)However, the standard x86 PDF reader (Adobe Acrobat) does lag a bit.. no worries though - the Metro PDF viewer is excellent.EDIT I've changed the Adobe settings to .show current page only. and now it doesnt lag at all, even on my ginourmous PDFsThe digital pen is AWESOME. I had no idea what I was missing out on when I was using my capacitive-only Android. The pen is exceptional in the desktop mode because in desktop mode, icons are slightly small (11.6 inch vs 13/14/15 inch screens on regular laptops) and easy to mis-press when using the finger.My tablet had no lag whatsoever during inking in onenote, samsung note, and MS Paint. I don't use photoshop, so I can't say anything about that.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED THAT YOU GET THIS TABLET WITHOUT THE KEYBOARD.Keyboard is ~100 bucks extra and several reviews have mentioned problems about the keyboard falling out.What I've done is get a $10 USB keyboard (Bluetooth works as well) and a 1-to-4 USB expander so I can use the keyboard while using flash drives and such. Once aftermarket cases come out, I'll get a case/stand for my Samsung 500t.
computer|As many others, I questioned the capability of a tablet powered by an ATOM Intel processor. Netbooks powered by the Atom often were quite underpowered and tedious towork with. But the ATIV Smart PC (with its dual core Atom and Windows 8) is a pleasant surprise. It is quick. Windows open and close quickly and apps launch quickly.I installed Office, ITunes, PowerDVD, and had no problems running any of the aforementioned programs. Microsoft crippled the media player (too few codecs), but willrectify that situation by offering a free Media Center update. The ATIV tablet has a large screen with sufficient resolution of make viewing pleasant. A regular sized USB port isa welcome addition to a tablet. The onscreen keyboard is large and easy to type on. One can install legacy apps by simply attaching a USB thumb drive or a portableDVD drive, or downloading files from the internet. Since the ATIV Smart PC only has a 64 gig hard drive, one needs to be careful not to overload the system withapps and media files. But the USB port makes it easy to add video files via a thumb drive. Battery life also seem quitegood (around 6-7 hours of normal use) since the ATOM is very energy efficient. While a tablet with a third generation, I3, I5,or I7 would not doubt be faster, it probably would have a shorter battery life in a tablet as thin and light as the ATIV Smart PC.
computer|Before I review the product, I would like to state my intended use for the tablet, so that you can understand better my angle of view. I'm a graduate student. I already have a high performance laptop with a big monitor to watch movies, play games, run big simulations, or do image processing. Therefore, I mainly need the tablet to carry around, read docs, and take notes (organize them and share them or archive them).With this in mind, things that do matter to me are:(1) Long battery life. This kills any tablets that use core-i processors, which consume much more power. (10h vs 4h battery life)(2) Windows 8 (not Windows RT). The problem with the new Microsoft OS is that it doesn't have many apps at the moment. However, having an OS that is compatible with any x86 software instantly bypasses this problem, and in my mind, is a much superior option. To name a few, you can use MS Office with its full functions, or use your favorite browser, or listen to spotify using the desktop version (even though spotify hasn't yet published an app for Windows RT).(3) Wacom stylus (s pen). As I understand, tablets with innate support for Wacom stylus have a extra layer in their screen so that they can register the position of the stylus even when it's not touching the screen. They are also much more precise than capacitive stylus.So does this tablet actually deliver these promises? I give a definite answer: Yes.The new windows 8 is fun to use and quite smooth. It does take a few minutes to learn the tricks, as many functions are hidden on the edges of the screen, but I soon got used to that. I did run into a few hiccups in my 2 days test, but they are not overly annoying or distracting, and I believe Microsoft will soon fix them.The S pen of the tablet makes digital inking really feasible. I didn't use the S note application that Samsung provides, but used MS OneNote 2010, and it really shines. The precision of the stylus is quite good.(If it is slightly off, you can calibrate it in Windows 8) You can write fairly small, yet still readable. When you use the stylus, you can use your finger to navigate the pages, which is very convenient. The ink to text function in OneNote recognizes 99% of my handwriting when I write pretty fast. Even if you don't specifically change ink to text, the inking is still searchable in the program, which is another big plus.The screen doesn't have high resolution like some high-end ones, but it's high enough to support Windows 8 Snap feature. It's bright, with good contrast. I tested the camera, but wasn't very satisfied. The pictures doesn't look sharp, and it's difficult to focus at the right spot. But again, these are features that are of minor importance to me.To sum up, this should not be considered as a personal PC replacement, and it's not designed to be one. However, if you simply want a tablet to carry around, read some documents, and take notes, this is definitely the right choice for you. Admittedly, the price is a bit on the high end at the moment, and in six month there will be next generation products that are faster and cheaper. But there will always be better ones further ahead.Pros: Windows 8 (not RT), S pen, long battery lifeCons: Screen resolution, Camera
computer|I am amazed at how well this runs. I never thought I would use a product with an ATOM chip in it again. The ATOM cpu has finally matured! The speakers are on the front and the loudest I have heard in a tablet or laptop. The screen is lower resolution would prefer 1080p but it does well. Do not let the 2gb ram scare you away. Windows 8 works well on just 2gb. I can open open up 15 large sites and it doesnt miss a beat. The gpu with hardware accel provided by power dvd player can handle 1080p hi10 mkv. This device can also handle 1080p flash with gpu accel. Only gets warm to the touch during heavy work loads. Battery life is outstanding for a x86 machine.
computer|In the month I've used my Samsung Ativ Smart PC 500T, I've found myself using it in more scenarios than originally expected.My original need was to replace my 5-year old netbook, and this tablet docked with the keyboard/touchpad works fine as a netbook that can run Visual Studio for writing code on trips (I'm a software developer), backing up/organizing/editing photos on vacations, running Outlook and other Office apps on-the-go, and surfing the web with Flash and other browser add-ons. My unit did not suffer the keyboard disconnect or freezing problems reported by some people, though I did spend almost three hours running the software update process the first time (including manually updating the Samsung updater app from the website), and I almost broke the tablet by brute forcing it to dock before I noticed the two openings for the hooks had little covers that didn't fold in but needed to be removed.Of course, this tablet costs almost twice as much as one of the more popular 11.6", 3 lb, 2 GB RAM, Atom processor-class netbooks on Amazon (currently a $390 Acer Aspire One AO725-0899). I wanted this tablet to justify its $360 premium over a conventional netbook, and to my surprise, I feel it exceeded that expectation.First, Internet Explorer 10 (Metro and desktop versions) supports the double-tap gesture to zoom the browser to a column of text like on a smartphone. It's very pleasant to browse the web in portrait mode where you can see more of a page than landscape mode, and being able to easily zoom the text to the right size greatly improves that experience. I had originally planned to use the desktop Chrome browser with the AdBlock, FlashBlock and Readability extensions on my tablet to avoid distracting ads and clean up the text (as I do on my other PCs), but a simple double-tap to push ads off-screen is almost as good (though the slowdown of downloading video ads is still noticeable on page load). I also appreciate Metro IE 10's Flash support on the tablet for watching video clips on ESPN.com and other Flash-only sites.Second, the Metro-style apps for reading documents and eBooks (Reader for PDF, OverDrive for EPUB, Kindle for AZW) all work great with touch in portrait mode. That's important because the widescreen is too small to read comfortably in a two-page view, and it's too annoying to read a half-page at a time in landscape mode. Some people pointed out the 1.6 lb tablet is too heavy and long in portrait mode to hold comfortably in one hand, and I agree, but with the addition of a $7 foldable stand to use on the breakfast table or airplane tray (http://www.amazon.com/IPAD-ST-Universal-Tablet-Stand-Kindle/dp/B0045JNBNU), I have comfortably surfed the web and read eBooks in portrait mode and watched videos in landscape mode for long periods of time. While sitting on the sofa cross-legged or sit up-style, it's easy to rest the tablet on a knee in either orientation.Third, I found using a pen to write notes, equations and diagrams in the Windows Journal app to be better than with Tablet PCs from a decade ago due to the lighter weight (1.6 lb vs 3 lb), instant-on capability (sleep vs hibernate) and full-day battery life (8 hrs vs 4 hrs). Windows Journal and OneNote make it so easy to edit, insert, and search electronic "ink" that I now use the tablet for writing/organizing my thoughts over paper and whiteboards. That said, initially I found the included pen unusable due to it's small size and ineffective palm detection (my palm was leaving ink all over the page as I was writing) until I found my 10-year old full-sized Tablet PC pen (~$30) and a workaround to toggle touch support on/off while inking [...]. One of the pleasant surprises was finding the handwriting recognition so good that it was easier to enter short text like URLs and search queries with my finger on the handwriting "keyboard" than with the virtual keyboard.These three additional scenarios meant my tablet was useful around the house on a daily basis and not just on trips like the netbook it replaced. For me, that easily made it worth the $360 premium over a conventional netbook with comparable specs.In fact, I think it even compares favorably with a similarly equipped iPad with Retina Display ($599 for 9.7", 1.4 lb, 1 GB RAM/32 GB storage, wi-fi) + Cover/Stand ($49) + Keyboard ($69) + Capacitive Pen ($5) + Camera Connector ($29) that totals $750. Yes, the Apple App Store is currently much larger than the Windows Store, but it'll catch up in a year or two, and both are dwarfed in number by all the Windows desktop apps out there right now that can run on this tablet. Aside from games and the few apps that work off-line, I think tablet apps are overrated because they almost always lack the feature richness of their websites, which are generally usable on 11" and larger tablets, especially in portrait mode.As satisfied as I am with this tablet, my wish list for my next tablet includes: 1) HD resolution 1920 x 1080 so the browser would not need to scale down a page in portrait mode (most sites are designed to be 1024 pixels wide); 2) improved palm detection to make it unnecessary to toggle on/off touch support; 3) keyboard dock with Bluetooth so it can be used when the tablet is in portrait mode; and 4) keyboard dock with a full battery to double the tablet's battery life when docked.
computer|As mentioned by the other reviewers, this tablet will surprise you. It runs great without any major glitches! Of course, it's not going to break any speed records, but it's not sluggish at all. It does creak when you pick it up from one side, but so do many other Samsung devices. The hardware is adequate for what this tablet is designed for. The more expensive sibling, the Ativ SmartPC Pro, is faster with more RAM and storage at the expense of weight, battery life and heat generation.Once you start using it and realize that this is a full-blown computer in your hands running full Office, Adobe suite, proper web browser with full flash and more, you won't go back to any other tablets such as iPad or Androids. Furthermore, if you are into inking and taking notes, S-Note or OneNote are perfect with the included stylus. I tested it with a 50MB word file with many pictures and didn't have any issues with inking and annotations. You can also annotate pdf files using Adobe reader. The possibilities are endless! Well done Samsung, and well done Microsoft!
computer|I have had the Samsung for about 3 weeks now, and have been extraordinarly pleased with it overall. This is my fifth tablet PC (I acquired my first in 2003 and have used one ever since) and it seems to me that the 500T comes very close to "the ideal" in terms of what a tablet is most useful for. Specifically:1) It has an excellent battery life (10+ hours, and maybe more)2) It is very light3) Its performance is admirable (for the MS-Office, Acrobat and browser applications that I would typically use it for)4) Its price is remarkably low for what it delivers5) Its pen performance is smooth and naturalFor me, the last of these is the most aspect of a tablet. I teach at a university and have always used my tablets to take notes in meetings, for inking comments on student papers, for creating video instructional content that involves drawings and for reading/annotating articles. I have found that other so-called tablets--such as the iPad, which I also own--are good for entertainment but, lacking a stylus, are unsuitable for any of these activities.Even touch-screen tablets can be problematic when used in conjunction with the pen, since putting your hand on the screen while writing can be interpreted as inking. MS-OneNote does a pretty good job of figuring out which you are using, but other pen-enabled applications, such as MS-Word, do not always get it right. On my Windows 7 Dell XT2 tablet, I permanently disabled the touch screen in Control Panel. In Windows 8, however, that checkbox option no longer appears to exist, which caused me considerable consternation. Fortunately, the Samsung provides its own option in its "Settings" application; my only complaint is that you have to restart the computer in order to switch between the two modes. Another of the Samsung built-in applications provides a substitute for the now-missing start menu, which is convenient for those of us just getting started on Windows 8.When I acquired the Samsung ATIV 500T, I also purchased two other accessories that I feel are indispenable. The first was a class 10 64GB microSD card, which doubled my storage capacity and makes it easy for me to move documents around. The second was a Logitech bluetooth tablet keyboard. I chose this over a docking station for three reasons: 1) it was cheaper, 2) its stand (which is also its keyoard case) allows me to use the tablet in portrait mode, and 3) a number of reviewers had complained about problems with the docking connection. The only problem I had with the keyboard was that when I also tried to use a bluetooth mouse with it, the two interfered with each other enough so that I decided to use USB for the mouse instead.Some comments on issues:A number of reviewers complained about their wireless Internet connection dropping out. That happened to me for a couple of days but since then it has been perfect. It may be that some of the many updates I downloaded fixed that problem.The first time I connected the microHDMI to my TV, nothing happened--which was disappointing. I acquired a different cable, however, and it worked perfectly. Since that time, I concluded that the original cable I purchased (which was quite inexpensive) may have been vendor specific, since it was listed as "Cable Matters 10 feet Premium GOLD Plated Micro HDMI to HDMI Cable for HTC, Motorola and other portable devices with Micro HDMI port".Minor complaints:Nothing is perfect, but there is only one real complaint that I have. Although the device comes with a 64GB SSD drive, it looks as if over 10 GB is used for a hidden restore partition and anothe 20+ GB is consumed by the operating system (and more than a little "crapware"). While I could have doubtless reformatted the drive and done a clean Windows 8 install, that looked to be more of an adventure than I was up for. At a minimum, why not put the restore on a microSD or USB stick?I would also say that the stylus, which fits into the case, is about as comfortable for writing as a golf pencil and does not have the eraser end. While I give them kudos for fitting it into the case, I'd view it as suitable for writing only in an emergency. Fortunately, the tablet works perfectly with a stylus from my old Acer. Another reviewer mentioned that it worked with a different Wacom stylus. The nice thing is that these other styluses (styli?) is that they have an eraser end that works with OneNote and Journal (although I had less luck with MS-Word).One other observation, which seems more related to Windows 8 as opposed to being specific to the Samsung, is that it does not do a very good job figuring out when you need the on-screen keyboard. Earlier tablets recognized when you were going to enter text (e.g., on a web form) and supplied an icon that made it easy to bring up the keyboard. Although I may just be missing a setting, I find I always have to go to the status bar to get the on-screen keyboard when I need it.Other than that, it would be "nice" if it had a faster processer, more RAM (it comes with 2 GB and cannot be upgraded), a larger SSD drive (it comes with 64 GB) and could run 64 bit Windows applications. Of course, that describes the 700T model--so these are apparently available for about $500 more. Realistically, however, these features would come with their own price tag: shorter battery life. Given what I plan use this device for, I might even place a higher priority on mobility than on these other features, given that its performance is already quite satisfactory.So... for $600, this strikes me as being one heck of a device.
computer|Pros:*Intel's new much faster Atom CPU that's x86 compatible and can run full Windows. Comes with Windows 8 but can be upped to Pro with a key. Full Windows means can run anything that it's fast enough or has enough ram to handle. So far all productivity apps I've tried work. I have full Office 2013 installed and I can run Onenote, Outlook, Excel, and Lync at the same time with no issue.*Weight and size is comparable to a normal droid/ios/win RT tablet (Atom version is 1.68 lbs, whereas the iPad ran from about 1.6 to 1.3 depending on the generation/configuration)*Battery life is on par with a droid/ios/Win RT tablet (I've been using mine literally all day for notes in meetings. Active non-game usage seems to eat the battery about 6 minutes per 1% or 10% an hour or 10 hours total life. MUCH better than one of the i3/i5/i7 tablets which will get less than half that.*One USB port, one Micro HDMI port, one micro SD card slot. Not all the pending Atom units have Micro-HDMI on the tablet itself.Cons:*Slower than a traditional x86 platform device*11.6" widescreen form factor may be a bit wide for some people*Not 1080p (1366x768)*Not as bright as the crazy bright models of the Transformer (this runs at 400nits)*Keyboard dock does not contain and additional battery like the Asus units*Driver support is weak right now, particularly for video. 1080p hardware accelerated playback is supported by the chipset but is software decoded for most formats right now which eats a lot of CPU. 720p is also software decided right now but the CPU is fast enough to handle it with no frame droppage in a player like VLC. Games that use full screen panning play unacceptably slow such as Limbo. Even a lot of RT games that claim compatibility with ARM tablets run slow, although the RT versions of these games introduce detail level settings that can be adjusted manually. Both of these situations will likely improve with driver updates. Also sometimes the S-pen doesn't work after hibernation which requires a reboot or restart of the affected service.*No USB 3.0 support (not supported by the chipset)*Only one USB 2.0 port on the device itself (the keyboard adds two more)*No SATA controller like the i3/i5/i7 units so SSD data transfer rates will top out around 15MB per second. Storage is essentially flash media rather than true SSD.*Full Windows is a bit big for a 64GB storage volume (you'll almost certainly want to add a MicroSD card additional for storage)*S-pen when fully inserted into the slot can be stupidly stiff. While this means you won't lose it, I've actually scratched the pen trying to remove it. (update: this is not true with every unit)*Made of plastic versus aluminum.While the above cons list is longer than the pros list (and I'm not even touching the pros/cons of Windows 8, just the device itself and how it's supported) let me be clear that I love this tablet. As a replacement for a laptop, it's piss poor. While the new Atom is fast it doesn't compare to a modern laptop. However, if your usage is light then it's a non-issue. Ever since I first bought an iPad 1 about 2-3 years ago I lamented the fact that literally everything I wanted to do I had to find an app in the iOS store (or other places) that let me do what I could already do on a PC. Remote Desktop, direct file transfer, printing, reading comics, movie playback, etc all required specific new apps, transcoding or in some cases just weren't possible. With this device not only do I get all the back, but it's true Windows so I can multitask everything. The wide screen lets me watch a video on the left half while I read IE on the other half. The Atom CPU is no speed demon and has to SATA support, but the OS cold boots in seconds anyway (much faster than my iPad boots) and while overall video driver support is weak right now natively supported apps like IE, Word, Excel, Explorer all scroll smooth as silk.I also like to game. While of course this is no gaming rig I wanted to see how it played games. If you want to play games you'll be limited to older, indy or 2d games mostly. Point and click adventure titles run pretty well but the touchscreen may not register properly for these games. Here are some results:Limbo - Unplayable (low frame rate)Braid - Choppy but playable. Some areas are worse than othersBastion - Unplayably slowSam and Max series - plays great, albeit in a frame. doesn't stretch to fill the screenWorld of Goo - plays greatBejewelled 3 - drops some frames during explosions but otherwise plays great. Also no issues with the touch screen.Broken Sword - Plays fine, sometimes single clicks don't register using the touchscreenCrayon Physics Deluxe - Plays fineGemini Rue (and presumably all the Wadjet Point and Click games like the Blackwell series) - performs fine but clicking with the touchscreen is tricky. I also noticed the same behavior when I used to play this game from my iPad via SplashtopFTL - slightly slow but very playable, although when playing this game I get occasional video driver crashes. Intel dropped a new driver through the Samsung updater yesterday and I haven't tried it since thenGratuitous Space/Tank Battles - little slow but playable. touchscreen control mostly works but scrolling the battlefield is quirkySuper Meat Boy - CrashesSpace Pirates and Zombies - playable but slightly slowHome - Plays goodLone Survivor - Plays goodOriginal X-Com - plays in a frame and touchscreen controls do not workTorchlight - Playable at lower resolutions (around 25fps at 1024x768)Games requiring full screen panning currently have issue. Apps that are natively supported by the OS can scroll smooth as silk such as IE and Office 2013 apps, so driver support will likely fix this issue in time. Games with relatively static backgrounds, however, work fine. Point and click adventure games (minus any touchscreen issues) and puzzle games are great.Bottom line: This is a great tablet replacement that's even capable of replacing a netbook or other laptop option provided you aren't using resource intensive apps. Video processing or transcoding, sound editing, movie editing, etc are all a bit beyond the reach of an Atom CPU with 2GB of RAM, but Office apps work great. If you are looking for a tablet that is capable of much more than an iOS or Droid device then this is a great option. If you're looking for the power of a proper laptop, then you'll need to go with something like the Ativ Pro or Surface Pro but understand that you do so at the cost of at least half the battery life.
computer|[2012-12-20] Note: This review went through "evolutions" as I used the tablet and keyboard. Thus you need to read it all to get the full editorial of my review.The reviews on this tablet--with the keyboard (as such I have) have been mixed. And I believe--from personal experience--it comes down to installing the updates. This includes the SW (samsung) and windows 8 ones. SW will install some critical windows 8 updates, but not necessarily all of them.Updates are everything to your enjoyment (or torture) of this device. When I first got this and fired it up, I was ready to send it straight back. Like others have mentioned there were issues with the keyboard constantly disconnecting and the WiFi being flaky. But, once I did all the updates it "behaved."Assuming you do the updates (everything is working well for me after that), it earns the 4-star rating I have ultimately given it (without the updates, were are seriously talking 2--if I'm generous--because without the vital updates this tablet with the keyboard is all but useless). As a side note, I would deduct one more star for some of the shortcomings of windows 8, but that's not Samsung's fault or its hardware.The only other area of disappointment for me was the cheap digitizer pen that is included. Honestly it looks and feels like something you get out of a gumball machine as a novelty prize. As a long-time user of Fujitsu tablet PCs and laptops, I do expect a bit more out of the digitizer pen, both in quality and functionality. But it serves it purpose (if you can manage to get it out of its silo/dock). An active digitizer is superior to capacitive tough in accuracy, especially if you want to take notes or work with graphics (such as PhotoShop).[2012/12/07] Since I so critical of the digitizer pen, I thought it was fair to mention one other area I found the tablet to shine. That would be the speakers. Not only are they forward facing, unlike many others that are side or even rear mounted, they sound surprisingly good (for a tablet--still no bone rattling bass or anything =P).[2012/12/09] Upon further review . . . The %$#@ keyboard is back to its old tricks, after having behaved after the initial updates. WTF? Consequently, I have dropped my rating from 4 to 3 stars--because quite honestly this is a poor product--the keyboard specifically. I believe the problem is the fact the only thing connecting the tablet to the keyboard is "contact points," meaning no interlocking plug to maintain a connection. So any gap, no matter how small between tablet and keyboard contact points . . . And it's happening now as frequently as when I first got it. I believe Samsung dropped the ball on this one (the keyboard).The tablet itself is fantastic, and that I like. But I specifically wanted a tablet + keyboard combo that had capacitive touch and an active digitizer. Not many choices at the moment . . . I did go ahead and order the Asus tf810c--which I do have now--but until I get the accompanying keyboard (sold separately) for that, I will withhold review/comparison.Bottom line. If you want just the Samsung tablet, go for it. Otherwise, I'd avoid the tablet + keyboard combo.
computer|I have had my Samsung ATIV SmartPC 500T for about 2 day so far and the summary of this product is that it is very impressive. I'll hit on a few key attributes here:SIZE: This slate is much thinner than I thought it would be. My wife, who uses and iPad, was very surprised that it felt thinner and lighter than her 3rd Gen iPad. The 11.6" screen is perfect for viewing the Metro interface of Win 8 as well as the apps (still not many available but they will come) that have been developed for Win8. On a plane ride this wide screen was ideal for watching movies I had ripped from DVD for this purpose. Some might prefer the smaller tablets that are out on the market (iPad mini, Kindle Fire, Nexus, etc) but for me, I love the large screen for how I have been using the tablet so far. One concern I have is finding suitable covers for protection and for propping up the tablet to support different viewing angles. Again, I'm sure they're coming.FUNCTIONALITY: What really put a huge smile on my face was the fact that I was able to use a USB thumb drive to load movies and music onto the tablet. This is a HUGE benefit in my mind. Having used my wife's iPad and an HP Touchpad for a while this feature makes it so easy to use. I also love the fact that there is a micro HDMI slot to share content on the big screen. While researching a new tablet, one of the biggest attractions for me was that this model supported full Windows 8. That means I can easily jump over into the familiar desktop mode and launch legacy apps like iTunes and Adobe Lightroom. I don't understand the draw of Windows RT when you lack that support. While in desktop mode the S Pen that is included comes in very handy. Admittedly the desktop mode isn't ideal for navigating with a finger but the Pen is perfect for when you want to tweak settings or move file around in the familiar desktop mode. Battery life also appears to stellar. I've been using it pretty intensely since I received it and the battery is still >50%. I imagine it will land somewhere in the neighborhood of 9 hours - very respectable given the large screen size.PERFORMANCE: This tablet is smooth and hums along nicely. It does have the Intel Atom processor but I can honestly say that this cannot be the same Atom processor that was in the netbooks of a few years ago. The research I've done on the processor supports that as well. I do have to point out that this processor is actually clocked at 1.8GHz rather than the 1.5GHz stated in the Amazon description. I discovered this in the Control Panel.APPS: Yes, no surprise there aren't a ton of apps yet but the ones that are there - Netflix, various newspapers, Kindle, Wikipedia, Skype, Box and many more do work well and are well suited for this screen size. No Facebook app yet but Metro has a "People" tile that you can connect to various social networks including Facebook so you are still able to look at what your friends are up to. In addition, through this tile you can still update your own status and post pics and links to Facebook. A very slick interface.Overall I really enjoy this tablet so far. I look forward to learning more of the tricks of Win8. I absolutely recommend this model.
computer|I've had this tablet for about a week now and so far am loving it.I ran all updates on the machine first before using it too much. (SW Updates - find icon in Metro screen; and Windows Updates in the desktop/settings view)I haven't had any issues with the keyboard undocking at all...whether placed on a hard surface, or on my lap. It just works. Having read previous reviews - I ran those updates, and am purposeful to use both hands to dock the tablet into the keyboard and push to the right. (Not sure this last step is necessary - nothing noticeable happens. But saw a couple people say that solved the problem for them.)Windows 8 has been good. I used the Consumer Preview this summer/fall so the UI was already familiar to me. Only now I can use all the features of this OS on the Samsung Ativ. (e.g. "Snap" feature that allows viewing of multiple things at once on the screen.) LOVE the live tiles, and some of the cooking and news/TV apps. Mail could improve some - but the more I use it - the more I learn HOW to use it - and its growing on me. Sure - it doesn't have as many apps as Apple or Google (Android) - YET. But I needed this tablet for BOTH work and play - and have found plenty of ways to entertain myself while also getting some work done. Not to mention there are new apps every day. (The store could use better display with preview info on each app in the store - but that will come, I'm sure.) Have watched videos with good picture and sound. Played games and more. (Try IE game Contre Jour - search for it and then play - it is touch friendly and addicting - similar to Cut the Rope which you can find in the Store.) If it is new to you - find windows 8 tips and tricks type free apps in the Windows store and spend time exploring. It is actually a good UI and fun once you get it down.Work...I work in an environment where lots of documents (word, power point, excel) are created and then printed for meetings. I have been writing notes on these docs for years - resulting in lots of paper, files, etc. Now I can open the doc in the Ativ, zoom a bit, choose the lightest weight/thickness for the draw/pen and write all my notes on the tablet. LOVE this. NOTE: Office 2013 preview is...well, a preview. If you try writing on docs in 2013, your hand will leave a mark and the page will move from your palm while writing. Final release should be fine. I have Office 2010 loaded onto Ativ and it works like a charm. No palm marks and no moving the screen around with palm while writing. (Did I mention I love this feature?!)OneNote - the "app" in the Windows Store falls short in my opinion. Not as feature rich. Stick with the 2010 One Note in the desktop side of things - that works VERY WELL. I love being able to type or write notes into OneNote -which I'm a heavy user of. Speaking of which, I can also write on the handwriting recognition tablet keyboard and it will enter it as type written font. Very cool. (I can't do this part fast enough in meetings generally - but for other purposes - this is a really cool feature and has been really accurate considering my messy handwriting.) Write notes, highlight certain parts, etc.Desktop - while there are some inexpensive apps in the Windows Store like Start8 to bring the start menu back, Samsung already took care of that. Simply click on Quick Start in the Metro or Desktop view and a tray of icons will appear on the top of the desktop view and the first icon is the start button. Thankful for it...easier to find things that way.Keyboard is good size and feel - and again NO issues after a week. Not sure if others just got faulty keyboard docks, or what. I would suggest doing the updates and making sure its docked securely. If that doesn't help, I would exchange the keyboard. The experience is just too good with a working keyboard to not try getting a properly working one.S-pen. Too small. But I ordered a different Wacom pen with eraser and it works great. (spen works for mouse on some sites and in desktop or for a short set of notes. But I prefer a different pen for doing a lot of writing...)Battery - Quite good. Have been getting a good day's use out of it with a charge at night.Cons? I have had the screen freeze on me a couple of times. I think when it was in the dock, and I used my finger on the tablet screen vs. the track pad on the keyboard. (?) I also lost sound for a minute while watching a you tube video - but have watched several other videos without a problem. (This was minimal though...) Oh and I've noticed the screen dim from time to time when it didn't seem it should. Only once in a while and can be set to handle differently. This few seemingly buggy issues are the only reason I rated it a 4 star vs. a 5.If you want something fast, fun, quiet, cool to touch, light, good battery - with touch, keyboard, and pen - plus Windows 8 Pro - with the ability to add x86 apps to the desktop view. I believe this is the best value for your money. (Provided you pay the $749 price when Amazon or MS store is the seller.)UPDATE 12.12.12: Still no issues with dock. No recent screen freezes. (Keeping up with 'updates' seems to do the trick.) The only thing I wish were that I could find a good folio case for it. (When not in pseudo-ultrabook mode). Have used for play, and for work - creating, editing, and annotating documents. Plus can remote desktop in to my ginormous work laptop now... Also reconfigured dimming screen. Honestly no complaints with the hardware anymore. Hopefully next shipments have solved problems others had with keyboard dock. I have had NONE and am very satisfied.***UPDATE 12/26/2012 *** While updates seemed to help screen freezes for a while. I've had again. Plus have had video / display issues where the screen becomes a garbled mess. The keyboard still functions as it should but is quite loud when in a conference room with others typing away quietly on laptops, and other devices. I'm noticing a little bit of light coming out of the bezel area on a couple of spots now. Still love Win 8. Love the battery life. Love the ability to dock/undock and while the price seemed reasonable compared to other options on the market today - it should be better quality for that price all the same.
computer|I purchased this for my wife, I have the 700T on order for myself (but still waiting .. like 99% of the world for that model). So for now, I have been playing with the 500T w/ Keyboard - and I must say - This thing is awesome, and makes me even more excited for the 700T. There have been NO keyboard issues like some people reported, and like others have said - Even the Dual Core Atom is pretty quick. In Everyday operation, so far, I havent seen the proc go beyond 33%.I have been in IT for 20 Years - and This is the PC I have been waiting for since Microsoft started the Tablet market around 10 years ago (Yes, it was Microsoft ... the world wasnt ready then and they werent thin enough) - Now they are and I must say, that I dont understand what anyone's issue would be with a Windows 8 Machine that has touch - Its just plain great.My wife is a Mail Admin, but not a PC Expert - She loves Windows 8 and the new Start Screen..... I am very jealous, waiting for mine now ....
computer|I've been lurking around to purchase a new tablet for quite a while now. I began my search about an year ago, so it took me a long time before deciding on a tablet. At the time, I really needed a tablet with a pen, keyboard dock that I can do some basic documenting in, and long battery life. There were no such tablets. I've tried writing on screen with capacitive pen on my old Galaxy Tab 10.1 to no avail. I've purchased a Galaxy Note 10.1 which was a fantastic device, but it wasn't enough for me because it just didn't provide me with enough office experience. Then came Samsung ATIV 500T. This was the second all-in-one tablet I set my eyes on, first being ASUS Vivo Tab Pro. I will make some comparisons below because they are nearly identical products, and I will try to provide reasons why I purchased Samsung ATIV.Samsung ATIV and ASUS Vivo Tab Pro both runs full Windows 8. This was important to me because I wanted to install some legacy apps, such as Eclipse for doing some coding, Microsoft office and OneNote for some note taking and documenting, and etc. Windows 8 RT was simply not enough and for extra 200-300 bucks, I deemed it unworthy.Secondly, these two tablets both have its own keyboard dock that follows the aesthetic form of ASUS's TF700T or TF300T, which are the Transformer infinity and Transformer pads. These tablets had a dedicated keyboard dock that would close like an ultrabook which was neat and tidy. I've tried using bluetooth keyboard with a tablet and it was a pain, so I really liked this form factor.These two tablets had dedicated Wacom digitiser pen included. This was also important because I am an engineer and I often had some note taking to do and some calculations. I've tested S-pen on previously purchased Note 10.1 and I really liked writing on tablet, so I decided to go for these two.Furthermore, having an Intel Atom processor was a big plus for me. Many would think why one would purchase an Atom when there are i5 or i3 on the market. Well, the biggest reason is battery life. I simply hate carrying around chargers and often there are no outlets to plug it in. By going for Atom, you also remove noisy fan on the back and it is much lighter. I definitely did not need this tablet for gaming or heavy use (which is what my desktop is for) so going for an Atom was a perfect choice.I decided to purchase ATIV instead of VivoTab pro because I didn't find ASUS tablet noteworthy for extra 200 dollars. They are pretty much the same tablet except the form factor. In my opinion, ASUS's Zenbook-esque tablet is much prettier, and Samsung's blue-ish color on ATIV doesn't catch my attention. However, for 200 dollars, you can get a 64 GB microSD card, a plain black matte skin for the tablet which will make it look nicer, a new digitizer pen with an eraser tip and such. Therefore, after months of researching and struggling, I decided to purchase ATIV.In Summary:Pros:-Long battery life (around 10 hours for me of semi-regular heavy usage-Wacom based digitizer pen (You can purchase other compatible wacom pens. I bought one today myself)-microSD slot which increases harddrive space to 128 GB.-Light weight and no fan-Full Windows 8. Perfect for non-heavy usage-Cheaper alternative of convertible tablets-Awesome keyboard dock with chick layout and feelCons:-Still bit expensive-Pen is too small for some people-Tablet is much wider than traditional 10.1 inch tablets. It was not comfortable holding it in the subway-Lack of accessories-Some known issues about keyboard or wifi, but not for everyone. These problems are known to be all fixed.This tablet is for:-Engineering/Bio or any university students that requires heavy note taking, file management, drawing, calculations, documenting, and such.-Working people that travels a lot-Professors who likes to give lecture on a pen-tablet-E-mail and awesome for using websites like facebook.-Graphic artists and designers. Absolute must!This tablet is NOT for:-Gamers. Period.-Heavy users that has 20 files open and working on them. The screen is not big enough for that and the tablet won't likely handle it well.Overall, its been about 2 weeks since I bought this tablet and I've been very happy with my purchase. The start was NOT good since the first tablet I got was defective and did not start up (Got stuck on Auto-repair screen, so when you see such issue, go return it as I have not seen a single solution). I live in Canada (Canadians beware, purchase this tablet ONLY FROM MICROSOFT STORE. Best Buy and Futureshop models are dumbed down models), so I could not purchase from Amazon. I was lucky enough to drive back to the store and get a new one immediately. Staff was friendly enough to make sure that my new device was working perfectly. I am an engineering student + engineer working in the field, so this tablet has been exceptional. I highly recommend this tablet for anyone who is really reconsidering or contemplating, since I've looked into various tablets and struggled on my decision making for a long time. I definitely do not regret buying this tablet.As a side note, all keyboard and wifi issues have been fixed from Samsung SW updates. Samsung has been very quick with their driver updates. This device originally released with some major software flaws, but they really stepped it up and provided barrage of SW updates. I had to install many updates on the first day and despite not having any problem from the get go, I really do appreciate their effort of making things right. You can check several forums such as TabletPC review and see that most of the people do not have any keyboard issues anymore.There are some minor disappointments regarding palm rejection. I have included a link to a guide to creating a perfect toggle on/off palm rejection feature in the comments.If you think the tablet is ugly, Decalrus makes fantastic skins for this device. Some awesome digitizer alternatives are Wacom Bamboo Feel, or Samsung Series 7 Slate Digitizer Pen (AA-DP0NE2B/US).
computer|First, let me say that I love this thing. I kept testing the limits and always came back pleasantly surprised!PROCESSING SPEED:This is "The Little Tablet That Could". I know some people were worried about how much horsepower the next-gen Atom chip would provide, and I'm happy to say that I'm extremely, extremely impressed. Here's what I've thrown at it:- Photoshop CS6, medium sized documents (16x24" 150DPI), medium sized brushes (400px max)- Illustrator CS6- InDesign- Video Watching (Netflix, etc.)Though there's a little lag in Photoshop... it's extremely useable as a rough-sketch tablet. It's a poor-man's portable cintiq. I've completed a couple full-color cartoon illustrations on it recently with no issues and similar results to if I were sketching on my powerhouse computer.BUILD QUALITY:Ok, it's plastic. Get over it. This thing is light (feels lighter than iPad), thin , has no fans, doesn't get hot, and is comfortable to hold. I can't stress how impressive this thin tablet is. You are buying a COMPLETE COMPUTER. This isn't a tablet-toy... this will run full desktop applications. The screen quality is also superb, and the resolution is actually perfect for this size of device. The higher resolution offering (Smart PC PRO) with true 1080p causes eyestrain on an 11" device.BATTERY LIFE:- 10 hours. No matter what I'm doing... Photoshop, surfing the web, a little video watching...10 hours average. Amazing!EXTRA STUFF:- Full-sized USB port (I plugged in a game controller and had myself a portable retro gaming machine)- Mini-HDMI out... I ran an external monitor (my television) with this thing!- Stylus: I already mentioned I sketch. The little stylus is surprisingly capable for drawing, and the stock nib has a slightly softer tip, eliminating any clacking while taking notes in meetingsCONS:- Mostly with the software. Windows 8 has some early build issues that have been resolved with updates, but freezing has happened, apps quitting has happened. They're pretty infrequent after about a month of Windows updates.
computer|I am a college student and was looking for something to take notes using Microsoft's OneNote in class which is probably the best kept college secret since it allows you to search your notes by typing in keywords(great for doing homework efficiently or studying), but since I am kind of slow at typing using my laptop was not an option so I really wanted a tablet that could run a full version of Office. I did a lot of research before settling on the ATIV, but because it was one of the first Win8 tablets released I figured it would be the most stable by the time I got it in Dec 2012. For anyone looking to do a lot of inking on the tablet I recommend getting a full size digitizer pen with eraser. I use the ATIV every day and never bring the charger with me and it hasn't died after taking notes, reading emails, and using the internet for hours. I have the keyboard, but haven't really used it that much because I prefer to do any paper writing at my desk using the large keyboard on my 15.6" HP ProBook. From the limited time I have spent on the optional keyboard the keys seem to be a normal size and well spaced.Adjusting to Windows 8:I really loved Windows 7 and Win8 got so many negative reviews before it was released that I was worried I wasn't going to like it or it wouldn't be intuitive, but after only a few hours just messing around with my tablet the UI felt so natural that when I switched back to my iPhone I tried to use the same swiping motions to close apps.For students:- get a copy of OneNote (from the full version of Office)and "print" lecture slides to OneNote then take notes just like you would if you had actually printed them- get a digitizer pen with eraserThe best part about taking all my notes on my tablet is that I never have to carry notebooks so my backpack is always so light!
computer|I've owned the Samsung ATIV 500t for approximately a month now and have held off writing a review until I felt I had put it through its motions in terms of what I need it for.Overall, It's a great device. I know there are some negative reviews out there, but I think some of them make the device seem worse than it actually is - and also, it depends on what you're using it for.Over the month that I have owned this device, I haven't really run into any major problems. The only problem I can point out as a disappointment is the keyboard dock. Still, after around a month's usage, the keyboard dock sometimes just randomly loses connection. It isn't a problem, you simply pull the tablet off the dock, and place it back on and it's fixed - 2 seconds of a job and you're back to full usage again, but it can get a little annoying sometimes.When I first started to use the tablet, I took the advice of other users and immediately installed any updates via the SW Update software, but upon installing one of the drivers malfunctioned and stopped my on-screen keyboard from working. This is where I have to praise Samsung's technical team - they sorted the problem out and told me what to do to fix the problem within minutes, in which their advice really did work. However, other from those two problems I have not experience any other glitches with his Tablet PC.In terms of space - it can be a little lacklustre, and disappointing. It is advertised as having 64GB of storage, which isn't a lot, however upon unboxing the tablet and looking at the C drive storage, approximately half was taken up by a virtual recovery drive and other bloatware - but that didn't prove a problem for me personally as I own a 1TB external hard-drive which comes in handy. So my tablet doesn't contain any files and any unnecessary programmes, simply the programmes I need and also leaves room for any apps I want and more besides, so I have no qualms with the space at present.The graphics are quite sharp, and you can watch movies or videos in quite brilliant HD streaming - I've used the Netflix app a few times since purchasing the tablet and the movies are streamed with brilliant graphics. The sound is also very good for a tablet, dare I say better than those of the iPad.The screen is 11.6" as you will know, and my first worry was - will that be too big? Of course, it's bigger than the conventional 10.6" screens, however, the bigger screen has only proved more of a "pro" of the device than a con. The slightly larger screen hasn't made it any harder to hold and the tablet itself is very lightweight - even when the keyboard dock is attached. When I'm holding the tablet itself, it feels very sturdy, but after a while - as with anything - your arm begins to tire and it feels a tad on the heavy side. But overall, the weight and steadiness of the tablet when in hand is perfect.Moving onto the processor, which I know has been a concern with some reviewers and potential buyers of the tablet. I was in the same boat before buying the tablet, I didn't know whether an Atom Processor would serve me as I needed, but, I have been proven wrong. You don't necessarily need an i3 or an i5 processor, as the Atom chip has been designed for longer battery life if anything else. I'm a university student, so I use Office quite frequently and other programmes, along with apps from the app store. When multi-tasking say with IE, Spotify, Word, Outlook and a few apps open at one time, I've not noticed a lag. I've noticed absolutely no lagging or slowness on the tablet at all since first using it, which put to bed any sort of concerns I had.Leading onto the battery, as mentioned the Atom processor has been designed for tablet PC's with battery life in mind. I with my phone had one of these chips in it as I've found the battery life of the Samsung ATIV to be absolutely amazing. It lasts all day, no doubt about that and there may even be some life in the battery left when I stick it on charge - one day last week it even served me for two days whilst at university without having to charge, which I was very, very pleased about.However, the battery life and lack of lagging could be down to the fact that I don't use any heavy programmes such as Photoshop, web design programmes, big games like WoW etc... I simply surf the net, use programmes such as Spotify, Office, programmes needed for university work, apps and also for watching TV shows/Movies/Video's etc... so some may argue that I haven't really put the tablet through the paces in the correct way, however what I can tell you is that is hasn't only met my expectations, but it has also exceeded them in terms of how it runs and how it serves me. I was worried about sacrificing my old laptop to use this as a full time - researching Windows 8 tablets before purchase, quite a few reviewers across the web had warned not to use a Windows 8 tablet as a full-time replacement for another laptop - but they really couldn't have been more wrong.Tidying up - the S-Pen is very responsive and was an absolute life saver. I'd have hit a few brick walls without the pen, it makes life SO much easier sometimes with native programmes that haven't been specifically built for Windows 8 - and even some websites which your finger can be messy for input, the pen comes in handy, so it was perfect that it was bundled in. I understand some people have had problems with WiFi - this may have been sorted with an update as I can confirm I've had NO problems with WiFi connection at home or at University with the campus WiFi.The back of the tablet can get a little on the warm side sometimes where the processor is located, but it's nothing to concern myself with, it's just a little warm to the touch at times, no burning up etc... The only problem I have with the actual build of the device is the back can feel a little cheap - it looks amazing, but press too hard and you can feel that the back isn't that sturdy to the touch in some places - higher up the back is fine, but lower down the back it can feel a little temperamental, but as long as you're careful it shouldn't be a problem.Also, as a final note, reviewers giving the device a bad name and a bad rating due to the Operating System is very unjustified. I used the test-build of Windows 8 on my laptop before getting the tablet, so I was prepared and knew exactly how the OS worked upon purchasing the device, so it wasn't a problem for me. However, I understand it can be a big adjustment for some users and it isn't going to be everyone's cup of tea, but as I've stated, giving this device, or any device specifically a bad name due to the Operating System is unjustified because that's not down to the device or the manufacturer itself, it's Windows... no matter what device you sign up for, you're in the same boat unfortunately - if you like it, you like it... if you don't, then I'm afraid you don't - that's how the land lies.Overall, I've given the device a 4/5 rating, I'd love to give it a 5, as it has not only met my expectations but also exceeded them, but due to the keyboard dock messing around sometimes and the back not feeling entirely stable and secure at times, I had to knock one star off unfortunately. But don't let that put you off - it is an absolutely AMAZING device, and one of the best on the market at the moment (yes, I have been hands on with other devices too, so I can confidently say that!)
computer|I have been looking forward to making this my go-to device for around the house, at the pool, and travel. Although I really want to whole heartedly love this device, after four days of use, several issues make it unusable. The tablet has required a reboot many, many, many times (more than 20 in four days). I have installed all of the windows updates and all of the Samsung specific updates through the included Samsung SW Update software.The problems listed below puzzle me. It is impossible to determine if I am experiencing hardware failures or device driver inadequacies. I am returning the unit as defective and reordering another unit. I am very impressed with the build, size, and design. Hopefully I received a defective dock/tablet and the replacement will work without issue. I really want to keep this machine.I will update my review after using the replacement unit. Here is to hoping for a flawless experience the next go-round.PROSAwesome packagingGreat speakers for a tablet (just loud enough and no distortion, although no bass)Never warm/hot8-10 hour battery life (my experienceKeyboard/trackpad dock pros -excellent tactile keyboard = fast typing with few mistakes -trackpad is responsive, but clicking the corners for left/right clicks takes some getting used toCONSKeyboard/trackpad dock loses connection very often -you will hear three disconnect chimes when it loses connection -sometimes the dock reconnects with three more connect chimes -sometimes it brings up a "USB device not recognized" error in the system tray -this makes the trackpad no longer responsive -sometimes this happens when the device is on a solid table without anyone touching it or the table -all of these issues can cause the tablet to become unresponsive -because this happens when the machine is not even being touched, I have to think it is a combination of the dock connection and/or bad device drivers =requires rebootBuggy drivers leave the sound choppy and very low bitrate sounding after an apparent glitch = requires rebootGraphics drivers buggy, making the auto rotate function glitch and the display unresponsive = requires rebootDownloading large updates or syncing large files causes the tablet to become very slow, but still responsiveKeyboard/trackpad dock inadequacies -no 2nd battery in -no 2nd SD card slot -trackpad does not have options in driver in system tray -no edge motion - when you reach the edge, the cursor stops moving -no gesture personalization
computer|I had a cheap Asus eeePC tablet netbook with an older version of the Atom processor. I used it to take notes on onenote for veterinary school. I loved being able to write on the screen but it was a pretty low quality screen, with a poor viewing angle and a little thick for holding for long periods. I was really excited when this became available and I finally got one. For the pros and cons I will just break it down below.Pros:Screen- beautiful and bright with a good viewing angle. Writing on it with the stylus is accurate and smooth. 11.6 inches means you can have two windows open without feeling ridiculously cramped (or have one of the windows 8 apps docked)Speakers- much better sound than my previous Android tablet (Transformer), more on par with most laptopsKeyboard- typing on the keyboard is smooth and natural, feels like a full fledged laptopStreaming- Streams Netflix and hulu through either the Windows 8 Apps or through a browser with no hiccups (I even stream Netflix in a browser while looking at my notes on the second half of the screen and writing on them and never have trouble)Battery Life- great, I don't know about 13 hours but I was on track for a full 10 hours of constant use after 7 hours at schoolSolid State Drive- Great start-up times and instant on is awesome!Cons:Size- it is a little awkward to hold in landscape, just a little, but the extra size is great while docked and no problem in portraitWindows 8 issues- the tablet did freeze about once a day when I first got it (only takes about 25 seconds to be up and running again so it wasn't that much of a pain) and after a few system updates it hasn't had any problems again.Keyboard dock- I have heard about the dock problems, if you push it all the way down and slightly to the right it doesn't have those problems (but you shouldn't have to do that so it can be a con I guess)Storage- it's great to have the micro SD slot but I wish I could have gotten a 128gb model plus the SD card. I still have about 12 gb free on the tablet though so it will be fine.Camera- it is nothing like the Samsung galaxy s3 8MP camera, the lag makes it very hard to use.Overall I LOVE this tablet. The complaints about Windows 8 are unfounded in my opinion, the start menu works great (although it does take some getting used to) and frankly I don't care how many "apps" there are versus Android or Apple, there are millions of Windows applications which will run on the tablet so it is pretty moot. I don't have to wait for the Android or Apple equivalent for Microsoft Office since I can simply run Microsoft Office.
computer|Mine is a 500T1C-AO4, purchased locally new. Samsung switches up the goodies on these considerably, as I found out when shopping different sources. Like the item shown above, mine has a pen (a requirement for me) and the driver installed is "Wacom ISD" so even though it is an "s-pen" I have excellent pressure sensitivity and no lag in onenote. Mine also has an unassisted GPS and the same position sensors you would find in a phone, but no LTE (and not a word about the GPS in the documentation, I had to discover it from apps I loaded). I'd look very carefully at the sales description before buying-- for example this one mentions the pen so you can be sure of it. Also, as of this writing, the tablets are fairly new, as is Win8, and before using it I would recommend running every single Microsoft and Samsung update. I have found mine to be very stable, and while I believe the commenters who have had issues, I did all the updates as of mid January 13 and no problems at all...this means running all the updates from MS Update, from the Samsung update app, and from the Windows Store update list. And then iterating as necessary for the updates to the updates (to the updates). I also dumped the Norton stuff with the other bloatware and turned on MS security essentials (now called Defender again).I have owned about eight pen tablets over the years and I expected this thing to be laggy, like the HP 500 Slate. It was not -- it was perfectly usable and very similar to the experience on my x220t Lenovo. I was shocked to get that level of performance from an atom-based machine. The battery really does last close to a full day of regular use (a little longer, actually).It is not a Lenovo 220/230 or HP 2760, and I don't quite hold it to the same build quality standard. (It does however work fine with the Wacom pen from my x220t). It cost a fourth of what my main tablet did and inks just as well in class and meetings. It is just as responsive as a win 7 pen tablet -- more so in many ways, since the orientation and sensor stuff is baked in more deeply (it switches orientation during an MS update!!! Seamlessly!) I will never run virtual machines on it or heavy math software, the SSD doesn' scream like the intel my main tablet, and I'll never use a keyboard with it for long high productivity writing sessions (though I could in a pinch). But it is a nice tablet-as-tablet per the expectations we all have from our phones, it runs office and onenote very nicely, replaces an e-reader(lets me run every Windows e-reader client), and it does the standard media stuff like watching movies perfectly well. It also runs my must-have regular windows programs on the desktop.Note that MS is as far along in pen support as Apple is in iPad generations, and if you want that great handwriting support and the math input panel, a full version of windows on your tablet is strongly indicated. If you don't get why a pen is cool then you might not love this as much (why not have an iPad, right?). If you like pen tablets, I can say (with no small surprise) that the inking on this is top notch.Short note on Win8, this is my first Win8 machine and I expected to kind of hate it. I didn't. I am not a total fan -- it feels like MS went and made a nicely responsive tablet environment and stuffed it into a full screen start menu, tuned Win7 a bit on the desktop side, and didn't try for any further integration. But after a few minutes of futzing with the new conventions, it all made sense and works well.I might wish for a retina display (I do actually) but with cleartype at 11.6 have no real complaints. It is a bright display and pinch and zoom are seamless.Why 5 stars with all these caveats? Because a responsive (Wacom based) digitizer with great palm rejection, genuinely-fast-enough processor, light weight, real Windows, and 10 hours of battery (on my unscientific real-use daily test) is really hard, and they did it, without asking the price of a decent used car.Update: as a pen tablet user, I judge tablets in large part by how well they work with OneNote. I probably won't update this review again, but wanted to observe that the above endorsement for this tablet is with OneNote in Office 2010.One Month Update: OK, now I have been beating on this puppy for a month, and have some additional perspectives. I put a screen protector on it, and carry it in a very small but extremely sturdy (stiff edged) bag. It has gone with me pretty much everywhere.30 day thoughts: - studier that I thought. This is my daily beater, it gets at least 3-4 hours use a day, and it has held up quite well so far. - the battery life really is that good. I have gone several days without charging, with 2-4 hours use every day. Never had a machine with this kind of life before except my cell phone. While I did turn off automatic brightness adjustment and keep brightness modest, I don't hesitate to pull it out and read my email or a book out of concern that I'll be out of juice at the end of the day. I have failed to remember to recharge and forgotten my power cord and still had a usable computer to take notes on the next day. While I'm drooling at the new surface pro, battery life is the reason I'm hanging on to this instead. - Mathematica and Autodesk Sketchbook - besides Office, probably the heftiest things I use on this tablet, and the three seem a fair proxy for performance. Office 2010 is just fast, inking superior to all the included apps (without excepting S-Note, which is laggy by comparison). Sketchbook takes a long time to load but works decently. Mathematica loads and runs commands in reasonable time, which is all I need on a tablet used for exploring ideas, but obviously not a computer for big simulations or huge notebooks -- not comparable to my x220t in any important way, but works well enough to try things out and create notebooks. - Windows 8 is more efficient than Windows 7, and degrades more gracefully at the limits. 2 gigs of memory is actually enough, judging by load in task manager. Long/complicated within-application tasks do take longer than on a non-atom PC, and task manager seems to point to processor load as the limiting factor, but this computer has not given me any oh-really? moments of frustration yet, and I use this a _lot_. Then again, I have much heavier duty hardware on my desk and am not trying to make this my only PC.30 day takeaway -- does everything I can reasonably expect of it, at reasonable speed, and stand by original review. What makes this stand out from other tablets I've owned (and own) is the exceptional battery life.
computer|UPDATED DECEMBER 8 2012As a buyer of High End and Expensive Fujitsu Windows Tablets (Convertibles) all the way back to Win XP not only was I excited about finally getting the form factor I was after but I am also very familiar with their function and knew what to expect and was sure that The EX500T would do everything I needed it to do. I bought two of them - 1 for me and 1 for my wife. Now after a week with them here's The Long and the short of it: One works perfectly and the other is a disaster plagued the keyboard disconnect issues mentioned in several other reviews. So I have to say buying one of these at this point is a crap shoot - maybe you get lucky and maybe you don't. And I have to say, Samsung's Customer Service is a JOKE - the transcript from my chat with them follows at the bottom of this review. I'll try to be completely objective and want to give a fair review here from the perspective of the machine that works:SCREEN: In a word it's beautiful. Several people have complained that they'd rather have the Full HD Screen but in truth it's very difficult to see the difference in resolution on the 11.6 inch screens. In making the decision to buy this unit I went to a Future Shop in Vancouver where they had both Smart PC XE500 and Smart PC Pro XE700 units on display and put them side by side viewing the same pictures and the same sites and neither me no the sales rep could see any difference in the picture quality. The 1366 x 768 is superb on an 11.6 inch screen and infact the higher resolution on the PRO Unit reduces the size of fonts and mouse cursor to the point that I actually prefer the screen on the XE500 - BOTH SCREENS HAVE THE SAME 400 NIT BRIGHTNESSKEYBOARD DOCK: The one that works, works flawlessly. It's comfortable and the materials feel great. The keys are precise and quiet when typing and I have no problem that it's made of plastic. The plastic keeps the weight down and it's such a high grade that it almost feels like polished aluminum. THe keys are well spaced and all in all it's quite satisfying. I think the aesthetic complaints are unwarranted. The one that doesn't work is a different story. It still looks and feels good - it just doesn't work with any consistent reliability. In fact after a week the only thing I can rely on is that I can't rely on it. I think the real problem is a manufacturing issue in the dock connector. I'm not talking about the latch I mean the actual port on the keyboard. Both Units connect exactly the same and the working unit just clicks and goes, on the problem unit it constantly loses its connection and I get USB Recognition Error Messages. To test if it was the dock or the tablet (remember, I have two of them) I switched them around so that the working dock was put on the other other tablet and visa versa - sure enough, USB errors and disconnects started immediately on the other unit when I switched them. The problem as far as I'm concerned is in the a batch of faulty docks - not the latch but the port itself. It's not a USB Keyboard bu the system recognizes it as a USB device that's got problems. And For those of you who may be wondering - YES I did update all software, all drivers and Bios.TABLET MATERIAL: There have been many comments also about the plastic the tablet itself is encased in. Again I think the complaints are unfounded. In my opinion it looks great, feels great and hides the finger prints well not mention the fact that it also keeps the weight down. The Brushed Aluminum Look does the job - I think it looks sharp and several people in my office have gawked at it.PROCESSOR: I was very sceptical about the ATOM processor but based on reviews and tech specs decided to take a chance on it. Honestly it's a very capable processor. I mean I know it's not designed for video editing and bought it knowing this. BUT for a having a versatile, lightweight Email, word doc, powerpoint machine - it's perfect.WACOM S PEN: So Samsung calls this the S Pen- In truth it is a WACOM Active Digitizer pen that has been branded S Pen by Samsung. It may be a little on the small side but writing is is flawless. I've had three previous Tablets with WACOM active Digitizer and this thing works great. If you've never used digital ink, you don't know what you're missing - IT IS COMPLETELY DIFFERENT THAN THE CAPACITIVE TOUCH TECHNOLOGY USED IN MOST ANDROID and iPAD devices. My only complaint is that there is no way to customize or custom program the pen button and that there is no erase function built in. All my previous WACOM FUJITUS pens work on the SAmsung and the erase function works fine - Samsung should have included an erase funtion in the pen itself.All In All I LOVE THE UNIT WITH THE WORKING DOCK - and had I not bought two of these, and only ended up with a good unit, I would have given this review 5 stars for doing what it's designed to do. Unfortunately I do have two units the second one is so unreliable and the customer serivce call was so pathetic that I'm giving it 2 stars. I am sending it back and have just ordered the ASUS VIVO TAB TF810 + Dock to replace it. It's a lot more money and I prefer the aesthetics of the samsung unit but I don't trust them anymore. SAMSUNG has done a terrible job on the public relations front and on the customer service front. They obviously know about the problem and have intentionally remained quiet. It just cost them a customer. See Below the transcript from my wasted 30 minutes with their "Customer Service" rep. It's appalling really. I wanted to remain a customer - sadly ASUS just got a sale that should have been Samsung's. I hope this helps somebody. I'm keeping the working unit, and sending back the other.-----------------------------------------------------SAMSUNG CUSTOMER SERVICE TRANSCRIPT DEC 6 2012-----------------------------------------------------KEEP IN MIND AS YOU READ THIS that when you give customer service the Model Number and Serial Number they know everything they need to know about whats in the box and the date of manufacture: Your Issue ID for this chat is XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXRobin: Hi, thanks for reaching out to Samsung tech support. How can I help you today?Howard Olsen: I just bought two smart pcs XE500T1C and both have the keyboard dock disconnection issues.Robin: I am sorry to hear that. I will help you with the information.Robin: Please provide me the complete model and serial number of the unit, to assist you better?Howard Olsen: just a secontRobin: Please go ahead.Howard Olsen: Thanks. Just another momentRobin: I am with you.Howard Olsen: XE500T1C-AO1USRobin: Thank you.Robin: Before I start, I see that you are not chatting from US. From where you purchased the unit?Howard Olsen: xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxHoward Olsen: AMAZONRobin: Is it a US based product?Howard Olsen: YesRobin: Thank you.Robin: Just to confirm, you have issues connecting to the network. Am I correct?Howard Olsen: No The dock keeps disconnectingRobin: Please let me know what is the trouble.Howard Olsen: The internet is FULL of bad reviews about the faulty connection of the Keyboard to the tablet. This is a Hybrid Windows 8 Tablet / Laptop and many customers are sending them back because of the dock issues (Dock Disconnects While typing)Robin: I am sorry to hear that. I will help you with the information.Robin: Your issue is with the keyboard dock.Robin: Am I corredt?Howard Olsen: yes, I think so. I'm not sure if the problem is the keyboard dock or the dock port on the tablet. Samsung engineers would know, thousands of these have been returnedRobin: Below is the link for troubleshooting the issue. Please follow.Robin: [...]Robin: Are you able to access the above link?Howard Olsen: yesRobin: Please perform the stepsHoward Olsen: [she sent me a link with a tutorial on how to connect to a wireless network] Why are you sending me information information about connecting to a wireless network. The problem is the KEYBOARDRobin: I am sorry.Robin: Sorry for miscommunication.Robin: Below is the correct link.Robin: [...]Robin: Have a nice day.Robin: Bye...Howard Olsen: Where did you go?Robin: AorryRobin: I am with you.Robin: Please follow the above link.Howard Olsen: [she sent me a link to a tutorial on how to update the drivers] Listen ... all the software has been updated. All the drivers have been updated and my PC and thousands of others have the same problem - the dock disconnects (Keyboard dock). It's a hardware issue not a software issue. Who do I need to speak with?Robin: I do understand your concern.Robin: Would you mind holding a few minutes while I gather the required information for your request?Robin: Thanks for holding.Robin: Did you purchase the keyboard dock separately?Howard Olsen: No, this came as a complete unit - model number and serial number should tell you thatRobin: Thanks for the information.Howard Olsen: Keyboard and tablet in same packageRobin: Okay, Is the unit under warranty?Howard Olsen: I hope so it's 2 days oldHoward Olsen: Listen, this model was just released and the model number itself should tell you what came with the unit. Do you actually work for Samsung or just a 3rd party on their behalf?Robin: Yes, I do work for Samsung.Robin: I do understand your concern. I understand how frustrating this must be, I am a consumer myself.Robin: I suggest you to take it to the store from where you purchased the unit.Robin: Samsung is sorry for this,Howard Olsen: I told you I bought it from AMAZON - an online retailer. I'll just send it back unless you have another suggestion?Howard Olsen: What a waste of time this has been.Robin: Sir, Let me explain.Robin: Samsung is sorry about this.Robin: As you purchased it from Amazon, you need to take it to them. They will troubleshoot the issue and as it is under warranty, they can replace it.Robin: I understand your frustration.Howard Olsen: And my frustration is this: You could have just said that half an hour ago instead of sending me useless links to Wireless Network troubleshooting infoHoward Olsen: Bye
computer|Well I think my review has an edge since I have also tried out the Acer W510 and the Acer W700, one which is similar in a bit of a smaller package and one that is more like an ultrabook.To start off one great thing this tablet has over the acer and asus competition is a stylus, it works wonders when using certain applications and getting around in desktop mode. Its easier to select things and right click on areas. The stylus has had no issues so far and is greatly appreciated.Now a key difference between the W510 and the ATIV is the 10.6 vs 11.6 inch screen. Honestly I prefer the smaller screen, it's easier to hold though it's not a deal breaker, samsungs screen looks every bit as good as the w510's IPS screen and has good viewing angles too.Performance wise is the same as the W510, the metro interface is super smooth, browsing is great, videos work flawless, old games work fine (torchlight rollercoaster tycoon 2, peggle) Some games have compatability issues but alot of old ones work great. However some games in the windows app store like angry birds seem to have issues where there is alot of slow down, I believe they just need some optimization work. In desktop mode its not flying but it's not to shabby, I can get around pretty decent and most normal applications should work as expected. The W700 is a different beast, no speed problems in any windows store app, and it can even play games like skyrim. It also has a real SSD unlike the W510 and the ATIV which has has Emmc memory which is a bit faster than a normal spinning drive but nowhere near an SSD.Battery life on the W510 and ATIV were about the same averaging 10 hours or so, the W700 was closer to 6 or 7 though.For accessories the W700 came with a dock and bluetooth keyboard which I liked alot actually. The W510 has a keyboard mount with a built in battery, and the ATIV has the keyboard mount that doesn't have a batter, so samsung loses out on this one, huge fail there.For ports the W510 has a micro usb port, micro sd, micro hdmi, headphone jack. W700 has a full usb 3.0, micro hdmi, headphone jack. The ATIV has a full usb, micro sd, micro hdmi, and headphoneOverall I decided I liked the ATIV the most, I don't really need the power of the W700 since I have my laptop, I didn't think the sacrifice of batter life and portability justified it unless I was replacing my laptop all together also it lacks SD storage. The W510 was great size and function however the lack of stylus was a minus as well as lacking a full usb port. The ATIV seemed to be the best in feature set and what I needed it for with the only one with both a full USB and micro SD as well as the battery life I want just sad about the keyboard.
computer|*please see update at bottom*The PC500t is the perfect tablet/laptop in one for college use. It does comes with a lot of bloatware but you can skip the tedious uninstall process add/remove programs by going to RECOVERY -- PC Settings -- General -- Remove everything and reinstall everything and the tablet and it is practically a fresh install of windows without the garbage. Even then you might want to unpin 80% of MS things from the start menu and you will truly have a clean looking Windows 8 system.The 11.6 is a necessary bare minimum for accomplishing actual tasks and why the Surface is just too small. There is no comparison in the actual usability of this keyboard and the Surface's keyboard.The detachable keyboard is awesome and holds the tablet in place firmly. The stylus is fairly responsive and works great with Windows Journal. I am using this in a group for statistics and we work problems on the Journal. I also have to say this thing is incredibly light and does not get hot. It barely gets warm at all so you will not get sweaty hands from the keyboard or a warm lap from a computer that is cooking. You will of course need a cloth to clean the touchscreen.I have not had any crashing issues yet. Installed Firefox, Office 2013 (skydrive is amazing), and BitDefender. All work fine. The atom is fine processor for running multiple firefox windows, word, and other applications simultaneously. I do not use much videos so cannot vouch on heavy processing use. I can say that I have had no difficulty with youtube/liveleak.I have two issues that are manageable. #1 The screen change brightness for no reason. It might happen once or even twice a day when doing a task where it dims for no reason and needs to be increased. It is plugged in when it does this but in all honesty this thing is flipping amazing for what I need it to do. I take this to several lectures in a day and do not need the charger. #2 My other issue is the hard drive space. It is 64 gigs but part of it is shared by the OS... You might want to consider buying an SD card and download ccleaner to ensure you can delete unnecessary files._____________________Update downgrading to 4 stars. Blue screen crashes and keyboard loses connectivity a lot requiring a disconnect/reconnect of the keyboard attachment. I would like to downgrade it to 3.5 out of 5 stars but am rounding up. I would still buy again because it serves my purpose. The glowing review is a bit too much and want to give an honest review.
computer|I bought the Samsung ATIV Smart PC 500T with keyboard to replace my Asus transformer TF101F. I'm also very familiar with the iPad and hence have never owned one. The 500T tablet is the ultimate tablet. It does everything the transformer does and everything I missed about a laptop as well. I can use Outlook, iTunes to Sync my iPhone, Netflix (the app works well and has improved a lot since I first used it), Word, Excel and almost all my old windows programs. Since Windows was just released not everything is 100% but it's the best version of Windows I've seen. I love all the new enhancements for Windows 8 and like Windows 7 will miss them greatly if using an older operating system. Microsoft has also integrated the SkyDrive very nicely and I have everything synced going between my tablet and notebook. You don't really need a notebook if you buy this, but I have a very high end notebook for my engineering software. This tablet has a Mini HDMI which works perfectly with Netflix and I love how Windows 8 allows me to search in Netflix so easily!!! The dual camera's on the tablet work well. I love the keyboard and response time on the keyboard of this tablet. It was always something I didn't like about my Asus Transformer (but was glad just to have a detachable keyboard).The biggest question is would I buy this tablet again? Absolutely! I have actually been waiting for a tablet like this for over 2 years since I bought the transformer. I purchased this tablet and I'm not disappointed at all. When you think of the amount of things you cannot do on an iPad or a Android tablet you realize that even though it's been 2 months since the release of Windows 8 it's far superior to both OS's right now!!! I would not go back to Windows 7; Windows 7 was a perfect OS for it's time, but now we have one built on Windows 7 with many added features. I didn't touch Windows Vista as I knew it was a flop. I adopted Windows 95, 98 SE, 2000, XP and 7 early. All OS's were very good for their time. Windows 8 will be the number one OS and tablets like the 500T are the best devices to take advantage of it.
computer|I own an iPad 1st generation and have used it extensively so I can make a good comparison. Reading about all the keyboard docking errors made me purchase this *without* the keyboard dock. I figure it is not worth it to pay the extra money now for a semi-working keyboard dock. Maybe Samsung will fix this in the future and I can look into it later.My simple expectations were met with this product. My requirements were:1) Media2) internet browsing3) filesystem and networkingMedia: I can store music, photos, and movies on it. I can rip my own DVD's and put it on here and it will play with the native Video media player. I don't know about how much this tablet can handle in terms of video quality, but it has played HD movies on Youtube and Hulu with no problems or stuttering. The built-in front camera quality is not super great (I think it is 2.1 megapixels), but it is not terrible either. It works if you want to skype and take basic pictures.Internet browsing: IT HAS FLASH! Internet Explorer 10 browser is working out well for surfing the web. I hope Mozilla Firefox comes out with their Metro version soon!Filesystem and networking: I like that I can connect to other Windows computer using Remote Desktop, or share files over the network. Also, being able to save and load files via USB and SD is nice. I have had no wi-fi problems at all, and it connects fine to my Linksys WRT54G wireless router.Battery life: I have gone about 4-5 hours with it and battery level is at 55%. I suspect this tablet can go for about 8+ hours doing basic tasks. Putting the computer in "sleep" mode barely drains the battery and wakes up very quickly, just like an iPad.Stylus: The stylus works and there is about a 0.5 second delay when writing, but it is really not that big of a deal. Also, the stylus does fit snug in its slot, but it is not like it is jammed stuck as people on here have made it sound.People also complained about this tablet locking up and being slow. One reason I think is because it comes with software and services you don't need. Uninstall Norton and disable any services you don't use. Remember to end application processes instead of leaving them running in the background as this can add up fast. Also update the drivers to the most recent as I heard it fixes some problems and performance issues. Unfortunately the average user won't know how to do all this, but if you are savvy enough to do this then the tablet works perfectly fine.The audio is okay. I wish the speakers were louder.My one main gripe about Windows 8 (not the tablet itself), is the quirkiness of Windows 8 desktop mode versus Windows 8 Metro mode. There is just a disconnect between the two modes, and you have to think of it as two different interfaces that do two different things, which have some connections between them, but not always. An example is launching apps in Metro. You don't see them in the desktop mode, but they are consuming processes and memory that can affect the desktop mode. Also launching Internet Explorer (IE) in Metro and desktop mode spawns two separate IE processes that look different from each other and have no connection to each other. It is minor things like this that can confuse a person. But, once you are aware of this then it is not a big deal.Would I recommend this tablet? I would only recommend it to other people who are knowledgeable about Microsoft Windows, or who like to tinker around with gadgets. It can be usable to someone who is not that technically savvy after you do all the cleanup and maintenance of the tablet for them. Overall I am happy with this tablet and the price I purchased it for during Amazon's limited 1-day promotion which is no longer available. I hope Samsung fixes the keyboard dock issue and adds more accessories for sale, such as a case and cover. I heard that people who ordered the 700T model got a free sleeve case. I did not get one with my 500T model.
computer|Strengths:- Full-size USB port || Video output || Long battery life || Intuitive desktop + tablet mode || build-in s-pen slot || Lots of room when work in portrait mode || Multi-tasking on tablet || MS OFFICEWeaknesses:- Typical Windows problems still persist (frozen, hanging, need to restart) || S-pen not response once wake up from sleep mode || Charging port is at the bottomSummary:Ultrabooks are still too big and inconvenient for casual use. Most tablets do not have full size USB and ability to do office works. Basically, I need something that light, has keyboard dock, full-size USB, stylus, good battery life, and, of course, MS Office friendly.For years, I have been searching for such tablet that I can use both for light internet surfing / youtube / games while, at the same time, can provide real document work (MS Words, Excel, Powerpoint, Outlook, the whole shebang!!!). Samsung ATIV Smart PC gives me all that I need.The tablet features a good size 11.6" screen. Some people may think the screen is too wide and awkwardly shaped, but personally I found it to be very useful when work in portrait mode. There is plenty of space up top for your web surfing and document editing while there is enough space at the bottom for on-screen keyboard since you might not always have the keyboard dock around. For me, using this setup and use s-pen as a mouse, I can go through daily tasks like email, document editing and chatting effortlessly. Having a keyboard dock is nice and all, but being able to work with just the tablet keep you thin and light on the go.All the ports are all welcomed. To operate in Windows mode it is very tough to live without a full-size USB port to transfer data and micro HDMI video output for TV/monitor to do movies and presentations. It is rare to find both functions on the tablet. Full-size USB also give you access to LAN connection (with adaptor), mouse input, DVD writer, and almost all USB related devices you can imagine (it is a Windows machine obviously). For video output adaptor, it took me a while to get my hands on micro HDMI-to-VGA adaptor since most stores don't carry it so your best bet is order on-line. However, micro HDMI-to-HDMI adaptor should not be too hard to find in-store these days.The most important feature (to me) is being able to use MS Office. There is no stranger here. You will experience a full-blown MS Office as you get on any Windows computer only you can do more with touch/stylus functions. Imagine if you can write your comments or corrections down into Words/Excel without typing or wasting paper. You could also write down on the slides presentation instantly during your speech just trying to make a bit more sense out of your modest presentation. This could become handy sometime, I'm sure. Besides, the s-pen works great on S-note and even better in One Note. Very smooth writing.The Start button is missing on desktop mode, replacing by Windows button on the tablet/keyboard to access the start menu. It might take a bit to get used to, but once you do, it essentially the same old concept.- Earlier Windows: Start button gives you several columns of programs and shortcuts- Windows 8: Windows button gives you programs and shortcuts in tiles on tablet mode. You can arrange and group those programs and shortcuts as you please. And you can go back and forth from desktop to tablet mode fairly easy.Some other things: The machine is great on battery life. I can go all day (mostly emails and document works) without reaching for power adapter. The startup time is fast, too, less than a minute and it's ready to go. In addition, for someone craving for more storage, the tablet will give you roughly 30GB out of the box.. Yes!.. 30 eventhough the whole thing has 64GB!! You can try to uninstall everything then selectively install your required programs back in, but it might cause you time, effort, and maybe tears to eventually ending up with a bit more storage space... Anyhow, I am no tablet PC expert so my easier solution is to go get a 64GB micro SD card and it instantly triples my storage space with no hassle. I use Sandisk 64GB class 10, in case you are wondering.Well, nothing is perfect and this tablet is by all means no different.What can I say... Windows is still Windows with good old Windows' problems. Long-time Windows user should be familiar with this. You might need to restart 2-3 times a day just when those strange things occur. Some problems that I have noticed so far are 1) S-pen doesn't response when tablet wake up from sleep mode; 2) Cannot detect some USB devices; 3) Random frozen, Windows style...; 4) Cannot connect back to keyboard dock (see below).Actually, I just also got a keyboard dock to go with my tablet for a couple of weeks. Can't complain about extra USB ports and nice size keyboard. When connected as a netbook it tends to be top-heavy, but no real issue if you work on a flat surface. The only downside I have so far on the keyboard is from time to time when I disconnect the tablet from keyboard dock and re-connect it back on during use, the keyboard dock seems not to link back to the tablet or some functions are disabled. I need to restart to solve the problem (surprise?). Good thing that the tablet starts up fast... :)Another thing that might be a bit annoying for some people is that the charging port is on the bottom of the tablet. When put the tablet on the stand, it might be a bit difficult to plug in the power adaptor. In my case I just slide the pocketbook underneath the stand to allow extra room for power adaptor. It works like a charm.It may seem that the tablet still has flaws, but to me, the great far outweigh the bad and this tablet can serve me everywhere from home to office. If you have one, I think you will enjoy using it!!! Anyhow, hope you find this review useful. Thanks.
computer|I just bought this today from a Staples and I have to say the tablet is really good. If I were going to keep this I don't think I would need another tablet. I know there are a lot of complaints about not enough apps for Windows 8 but, that will clear up over time.Even on my tablets I have had in the past whether it was ipad or android, mostly I was either watching Netflix, surfing the web and occasionally playing a game or two. The problem with those two other platforms is that they don't support Adobe Flash. Yes older versions of Android do support flash but, not very well and since Jellybean was introduced you have to side load the flash player and use a browser like firefox just to get it to work(dumb move by Google in my opinion).The point to all of that is this, the Samsung tablet is of course as other reviewers have already said, a full Windows 8 machine. That means you truly get a no compromise tablet that you get the full internet on, it's not just a marketing gimmick as some other companies would lead you to believe. You don't like the way the Netflix app works, no problem just open the browser and go to netflix.com and it will install silverlight so you can watch it through the browser the way you would on any computer you have.I left the windows world at home for a while because I felt like they had no innovation. I had moved on to using Mac's and OSX which I liked for a while. I found it wasn't to hard to convert but, there were some applications that I still had to run a virtual machine with windows inside of the Mac to get certain things done. Windows 8 has brought me back and I'm getting rid of my Mac and possibly all of the ones I have in the house now. If you are resistant to change which most people are then going from Windows 7 to Windows 8 may be a real problem since they changed the way things look.I think the change makes perfect sense now that I have used a machine that is both meant to replace a tablet and your laptop. It has separate settings for the start screen than it does for the desktop. For some reviewers online they have said this is confusing but, I don't see how you could do it any other way. When it runs in tablet mode it is a tablet and certain settings won't apply to the desktop and vice versa. The gestures and task switching is awesome in my opinion. It took me about 30 minutes to get use to this new way of doing things and now I'm flying through switching apps. Closing them is even more of a breeze, just swipe your finger from the top to the bottom and poof app is gone and closed.So everything was going along smoothly and then of course it couldn't have been perfect but, I don't really know who to blame for this one. I guess it can't be Microsoft since they didn't manufacture the device. That leaves Wacom and Samsung. It is about the active pen enabled Wacom digitizer. Don't get me wrong it works great if you are using the S-Pen apps but, as soon as you try to use another application such as Corel Draw, Illustrator, Photoshop, etc... that you need pressure sensitivity, it is not available. Either Samsung should have worked with Wacom to get a driver integrated into the system that would allow it to work properly out of the box or Wacom should have put together a driver that you could download from their website to get it working properly. Unfortunately neither of those things appear to have happened. Of course if anyone knows differently please enlighten me and I will change this review unless of course it has been 6 months and at that point I probably won't care as I will have long since moved off from this device. I think this causes problems with palm recognition as well since Corel got flakey sometimes and zoomed in and out while I was using it. This didn't happen with the S-Note app.Considering that my main reason for buying this device was that I wanted to be able to draw on it with the applications mentioned above and I still gave it 4 out of 5 stars should tell you something about how much they got right with it. If you don't need pressure sensitivity in those drawing applications I mentioned above then it should be a great laptop and tablet replacement. I have been using it all day without the keyboard docking station as well which I would imagine would make it score higher in laptop replacement category.Update:I couldn't get palm rejection or pressure sensitivity to work with Corel or Illustrator so I had to return it. Hopefully in the coming months they will fix this as I really would like to have one of these.
computer|EDIT 2/25/2013. KEYBOARD WON'T STAY CONNECTED!I repurchased this unit from Amazon after first receiving a defective unit and was so pleased with all the updates that solved all my issues I left an overwhelmingly stellar review (below), though I finally receive my keyboard dock from Staples, thinking perhaps the dock disconnect issue was unique to Amazon's stock - well folks, it's not Amazon's stock, it's just Samsung dock (had to throw the rhyme in)!This issue is not homogeneous to the dock itself, as I tried another Bluetooth keyboard and it disconnects just the same, so it's definitely a defect and with all the updates and fixes that came out making the tablet by itself a pleasure to use, the fact that this keyboard disconnect issue has not been solved is leading me to believe the tablet is just simply defective hardware ridden. That being said, I LOVE this tablet, when using as just a tablet, though I purchased it as a full laptop replacement and without the Keyboard dock working, productivity is greatly diminished and renders some tasks impossible altogether.Now my question I will beg of anyone to answer if they can: Does anyone know of a way to remedy this, unofficial update or driver, outside the box ways to 'rig it up' or anything of this nature? I would HATE to have to return this tablet again after falling in love with the thing, not to mention the possibility of harming my Amazon standing for having returned the same unit twice (is this even allowed?). I'm at a loss here. If anyone can help me at all, I'd be extremely grateful! The official description from Samsung markets it as a desktop/laptop replacement, but without the keyboard dock I can't even copy and paste (in chrome at least) and I'm not even going to attempt typing 40-50 page reports on a touch screen keyboard that blocks half the document from view. At this point I can conclude it's hardware or driver failure that Samsung has no fix for, so I'm looking for any kind of a fix; I love this tablet so much I'm willing to have a rigged up one, rather than not have one at all.PLEASE HELP, SOMEONE! Different model's driver, a tinfoil hat, etc. Like I said, I'm open to ANY suggestion to get the dock to stay connected!Intel ATOM is no longer what you may think. If Intel would have called it a 'Core-A' processor, 98% of PC users would know the difference from an i3 except that somehow the battery is lasting all day long, and I mean ALL day long. Clovertail would easily be mistaken for a 5th generation ATOM, if someone were to go back in time 5 years with one of these tablets.*EDIT* 2/22/2013 - I have re-purchased this tablet and Samsung has fixed every single issue and it now operates perfectly. I have not had even a single, not even one, issue. I now use this as my main computer, my desktop (with wireless keyboard and HDTV), as my laptop and you guessed it, as my tablet. I did this without compromise. 95-98% of us PC users do not need anything more powerful than a clovertail ATOM, to experience full windows 8 without ANY hiccups whatsoever.Here are some really helpful hints, actually must-dos if you purchase this unit:(1) Open it up, plug it in and before you do anything, complete all updates. This will take a while, but be patient or and do it first, or you will hate life.(2) Heard the 14.5 hour battery life myth? Well it's no myth! Read on..(This one is optional, but I HIGHLY recommended it): After the tablet has been fully charged (mine both came fully charged I just topped up to be sure when doing updates, which you must plug in the tablet for anyways. Purchase a micro HDMI cord ($2) and a Logitech K400 wireless keyboard/touch sensitive gesture friendly touch pad combo when you buy the tablet; you will now have a complete desktop experience that is 10X better than the clamshell experience and 5x cheaper; plug it up to a HDTV and select hardware setting in control panel, then screen/monitor, then display onto a second monitor and then select, this is key, display on second monitor/display only. From there you will have FULL 1080 HD crystal clear and insanely sharp display. (Also make sure to change the sleep function in control panel to not sleep ever for this operation) Without using only the second display setting, it will be about 60% as good; the difference is dramatic to say the least, then you may play with the unit and do what ever you like, download stuff, explore, etc, etc; just make sure, now this is the punch line, to use it like this until the battery is completely depleted; You may have to leave it like that overnight or all day, because this will take a good 15 plus hours (or perhaps the magic number, 14.5). Doing this 'cycle' two or three times is key, however even once is better than never. You will now have the longest lasting battery, under any circumstances, plugged in or not, that you have ever experienced. Some brainiac is surely furious behind his keyboard screaming that the battery is of this or that capacity and this will not make it better, well I beg to differ! As an executive I have little time on my hands, though I am so excited about this that I took the time to write it, because it DOES work. I did this on two separate units, so it is not just a fluke unique to my unit.(3) ENJOY! (I have already blabbed on and on about everything else about this machine)(4) Overall experience has led me to ditch my x202 i3 ASUS and the ATIV 700T, as this unit does every single task I need it for just as fast (nano seconds overlooked happily). You get the insane battery life, the same performance despite the core i5 hype as on any modern laptop - this is of course to say that if you do not need this machine for intensive gaming, video editing, or like demanding programs, under which circumstances you would not be looking at this unit anyways; for word processing, email, video chat/VOIP, surfing the net, researching, etc, (what 98% of people use a laptop for, this unit is indistinguishable (again not minding the nano seconds) from the 700T and at half the price! I got mine for $549 right here. You also get the FULL HD experience when projecting onto a monitor. With the 700T I had to actually lower the resolution to make the desktop mode usable. For normal computing, you do not want the 1080 display! For looking at pictures or watching movies(on your tablet only), maybe, but at sacrificing half the battery life? Gimme a break, no thanks!ALTERNATIVE: if the size and weight are an issue, the ASUS ME400 is a great alternative for even less than this (mind you there will be no digitizer). I got the ME400 for taking in the car and things of that nature; bottom line is the stigma of ATOM processors will be no more, VERY shortly. These things blaze (correlation with low power consumption considered).(Update 1/21/2013) I changed this from 2 stars, to 5 stars and after 10 days, am sticking with 4 stars; I no longer think it's the best convertible value available, but hope that soon it will be. Until then I have no choice but to return it and buy something predictable; this is a machine, not a moody assistant (or is it?). The following paragraph begins my 5 star review and I title the update before the bottom three paragraphs, post the most intense love-hate relationship I have ever had with a machine.Let me start off by saying after some tweaking and updates: this is hands down the best computer in the world! I was cursing this thing out of the box, as it seemed a huge joke as nothing was working right and if it did anything at all, it was at a snails pace; it reminded me of a 10 year old computer running Windows 98! Though after a dozen updates and some well worth the time research I now would not trade this computer for any other device out there, not a chance!I bought both the 500T and the 700T second, as I was determined to have a full laptop replacement in tablet form; like others, I have been anxiously awaiting the future of technology to make it a reality and the future is now -- THANKS SAMSUNG!First off, cost aside (made no difference to me as work was reimbursing me), the 500T is the better device and the one I will be keeping. I know some tech article reading person may beg to differ, but I'm talking real world use, replacing a go to desktop or laptop with a tablet PC. The 700T has a nice screen and the processor is way superior, on paper (emphasis on paper).A tablet should have amazing battery life, the 500T does, in fact it blows the 700T out of the water! The 500T provided all day battery life, with 10+ hours of real world use (14.5hr claims are floating around and they may be closer to reality than exaggeration); the 700T's battery life is a joke, really, for the price that joke is cemented.And what about weight? I want a light weight tablet and I feel confident that I can speak for the vast majority when I say they do too. Again, the 500T blows away the 700T, simply no comparison!This new generation dual core Atom processor is MUCH better than I expected, though out of the box you may find yourself thinking otherwise, at first, because software bugs (before you update) will make the processor appear to be crappy, it's not! In fact, for everything I've tried, it's almost as fast as the i5 in the 700T (again, think real world use). I say it's on par with a core i3 for most tasks, slower yes, though not enough to make the 500T undesirable, at all. Plus this new generation of Atom processors, uses so little energy, it makes the AMAZING BATTERY LIFE, possible. At first I swore Atom processors were for toys at best, but today, I proudly call it my go to processor. A tablet should be zippy and responsive and the 500T is! The Atom will handle even intensive programs like Photoshop, albeit a bit slower than the 700T, but you must ask yourself what percent of the time will you be using this for Photoshop and other intensive programs, before you decide how much the split second difference of rendering your input command matters.The digitizer and S-Pen; can we say Amazing! After having owned and returned the Galaxy Note 10.1, I can say the 11.6 real estate makes a huge difference for the everyday user like myself (I can see artists being thrilled!) and it feels much more responsive and overall better than the Note.I can't say I wouldn't have preferred brushed aluminum, though the plastic is by no means, cheap and it does appear to be brushed aluminum with the finish Samsung chose for the 500t.Resolution: Yes I did really like the full HD screen of the 700T, but in no way was it worth sacrificing the battery life of the 500T. The 500T is super bright and crisp, and despite the 1366 number, I love the screen. When you output the HDMI into a full 1080p monitor or TV, it displays in 1080, which since I use a 32" 1080p display when at home as my monitor, is a huge plus for me.The A/C adapter, though not as big as a full size laptop charger, is bigger than say my Asus X202e (Tablet style/size A/C adapter), which I would have preferred. Though again, not a deal breaker. Considering you most likely will not even need to bring the charger with you, it's not a big deal at all.Dock: the dock feels cheap to a point; I much prefer the Logitech wireless keyboard with the built in touch pad with multi touch gestures (k400 model for only 29$). This keyboard with a arrowhead Griffen stand ($5 Amazon) is the way I like it. It appears to be a very futuristic desktop, that you can pick up and use as a tablet at any moment; it's lighter and I have a full size keyboard and don't have to compromise my typing speed or get used to a little keyboard (and hey it's WAY CHEAPER).Bottom line is if you are purchasing this after January 10th, 2013, the bug fixes, via updates, are available and after you update and remove some bloatware, this will be your dream device if you are looking for a true tablet that can actually replace your desktop or laptop for actual productivity and creation. I had the choice to keep this or the 700T, or any other full Windows tablet, convertible, etc and I chose the 500T and in no way do I feel like I 'settled'.In conclusion, this is now my dream PC. It's Zippy and capable and has the best battery life of any tablet I've ever encountered and I've used all of the best out there. It's super light weight compared to any other comparable full Windows tablet and it is 11.6", which is sweet for using the S-Pen and everything else for that matter. The processor is more than capable. The resolution is great! The 500T is the whole package!That being said, don't expect to take this machine out of the box and love it, or you will be VERY disappointing. If you have been waiting for a true desktop replacement in a tablet and have some patience and enthusiasm, this machine will be your go to advice as well, I can almost promise you that much. I would suggest keeping it plugged in all day and doing all the updates before even trying to use it, because you may find yourself mistaking it for defective or just crap if you don't.So there you have it. I had the 500T and the 700T in my hands for a weekend, my work said I could keep which ever I liked better and after a full weekend of throwing everything I could at both, I decided I would MUCH rather keep the 500T. As I said before, I cursed this machine out of the box, but now I wouldn't trade it for ANY computer, regardless of price!I will update this review if I have ANY problems in the future. If I help even one other person to get a tablet to once and for all replace their desktop or laptop without having to accept any significant compromise, the time it took to write this review was worth it! Samsung has caused some trouble and confusion releasing this machine before it was ready and supported with proper driver and software updates, but I can truly say, even being a anti Samsung consumer, that Samsung has hit a home run with this device in the end, perhaps in the 9th inning, but never the less, it's a win for Samsung and a win for me!I LOVE the 500T! I'm a computer expert and know what I'm talking about. For the purpose it was created to serve, it is hands down a wonderful, ground breaking, futuristic all in one solution to those looking for a FULL FEATURED TABLET! If you have a little patience, BUY THIS UNIT!*EDIT 1/18/2013 AFTER A WEEK OF USE AND THE MOST EFFORT I HAVE EVER PUT INTO MAKING (TRYING TO) A DEVICE WORK AS ADVERTISED*After a week of using this, though I will stick to saying that this has potential to be one of the greats, when it works right, it does occasionally (which is too often in my line of work) freeze up and or drop and forget the WIFI connection, which sometimes requires several restarts to fix. If you are working on something, that can be a pain, or in my line of work, mean your back-side. I don't know if this is still a driver/firmware/software issue(s) that can be fixed or if it is just first gen hardware reality. Also the micro HDMI output is just putting out less than the stated resolution to my external monitor; it's noticeably more grainy than my sister's ultra book with the same (stated) output.And as far as using it as a TABLET ONLY, and or as a SECOND or ADDITIONAL device, in which you have something else to use when you cannot accept the "issues" this one has, go for it! BUT, if you are wanting to use a (THIS) tablet as your MAIN computer and you are dependent on computing for work, even though I WISH this was up to that job, it just isn't, YET. As much as I don't want to return this unit, I HAVE to, as I need a device that will work 100% of the time, not 90% or even 95%, but 100%. If Samsung decides to FULLY fix this device, I would buy it again, but until the bugs get worked out 100% I must find a bug-less machine.Please Samsung, I beg you, fix the bugs and support this device ALL THE WAY and I WILL buy it back. $600 is a steal, but ONLY if it works the same on Tuesday as it did on Monday, etc. As HARD as it is, I have no choice but to return this until it "just works" like it should, CONSISTENTLY.
