computer|The laptop locked up when I first booted it up to register Windows. Rebooted 3 times to allow registration to continue of Windows. Sent 3 emails, no reply. Finally got someone on the phone who promised a Fedex pickup, which never occurred. Called back and left 3 messages, and 2 more emails, no return of either. Very frustrated that Amazon allows this vendor and has no stake in helping to resolve the issue. Ebay would never allow this. I cannot even find a link to complain to Amazon about the vendor/issue. Ebay and Paypal would not allow this. Makes you rethink the whole Amazon system.
computer|Even running an outdated OS like windows XP in 2009 this laptop under performs. It takes a very long time to start up programs, long load times, long boot times, random freezes, hard drive problems after one year with further degraded performance, it's a cheap mess. The laptop itself is very heavy and rugged but lugging that weight around to protect cheap unreliable hardware seems foolish to me. The hard drive always requires at least 40% improvement on read times even right after a de-frag. The track-pad stops working randomly and when using this laptop for work that can be a major problem and usually requires a restart. Internet explorer crashes randomly on this machine but works fine on any other system I have , VM-Ware takes roughly 10-15 mins to load to a useable state on this laptop, the speakers are terrible, the usb ports require drivers to work properly and like most Dell systems I have used including the XPS the dvd-rom drive stops working and stops reading disc's after you install a few programs, rip music or change disc's a couple of times requiring yet another restart....the dvd rom icon even goes missing from my computer like you don't even have a dvd drive to begin with?!?! Well I think I have covered everything and it's basically the whole damn computer. Over all this laptop is nothing but heavy, cheap, unreliable garbage.
computer|I returned this laptop because the audio was missing. I had bought about 20 DVDs and about 2 were defective, but because I bought so many, I went over the return time limit so I had to keep the disks. Anyway, I am never going to buy another item from Amazon. It just doesn't pay. Whatever I save, I lose due to bad quality control. I lost about $17.50 in return shipping charge.
computer|I not pass this up i had the to do it so i got it my first tech stuff in my whole life it has been a good thing for me it changed i can go moible siting at a coffee shop care free now i look inportant.
computer|The only problem ive had with this laptop is when the battery is at a 100% charge and i remove the plug. It literally lasted 40 minutes then died without warning. The space is also an issue. So i have to get a new battery and hard drive myself. Not too thrilled about that.
computer|BUEN ARTICULO Y COMPARTI ESTA INFORMACION A MIS AMIGOS Y FAMILIARES ADEMAS ES SEGURO LA COMPRA MUY SATISFECHO Y FELIZ
computer|Arrived in good shape. Well packaged. Ahead of delivery date. Good price. Works well.I think it was a bargain! I am still learning how to get online with it however.
computer|the unit shipped as scheduled, no extra damage other than reported, the user installed the right programs and it worked fine
computer|it fit my needs and works. all i need. no complaints. i went with this one cause you get what you pay for. not cheap but not a spendy new one.
computer|Works wonderfully and was received ahead of the estimated shipping date. Made a 12 year olds Christmas. Very few blemishes and new software installed. Was a breeze to set up.
computer|Well,I like Dell products. Especially their LapTops I think they're wonderfulAnd I would buy another as soon as I can afford one
computer|It 's like new. Once I had problem with it .I sent it back to the company and they fix it in no time and sent it back to me. Excellent company
computer|I have had my D620 for 6+yrs now and it has stood the test of time. Used it through 4yrs. of college and I still use it today. I have a little faster CPU than the one listed but you can not go wrong with this D620. I purchased this when it first came out and it was pricey. I like quality things and I spent an arm and a leg, even with my University discount. Lets just say I paid what a Mac Book Pro goes for today customized. This is still a top 100 pc on Amazon years after it came out. How many PC's can keep up with that?
computer|seemed to be as explained. Nice laptop for the money. Most things used from amazon seem to be worth getting
computer|Bought 2 of these for my kids this Christmas. Came very quick, worked right out of the box. Wireless, had MS Office Suite already installed and we will deifinitely purchase our next computers on Amazon.
computer|I loved them .. Kids were very satisfied! Great Christmas gift!! And u can upgrade these!! Great machines. Wifi works great as well!!
computer|My niece had issues with the graphics card going out and vertical lines appearing on the screen. Still works with an external monitor.
computer|I was a little worried that Dell computers coud not compete with the HP computers but I was totlally wrong.I was a HP guy but now am a Dell guy. It does everything it promise and more. To me, the most amazing thing the start-up time, hit the power button & poof........its on and ready to go. If you are looking for a great laptop with even greater features, the Dell D620 is the one!!
computer|one of the keys doesnt work properly and it wont hold a charge. i havent inquired about the cost of adjusting these issues, but considering the cost of the computer overall satisfaction is expected.
computer|this computer was what i expected suppose to be. i was told itckle. was in perfect condition.it was deceant no complaints except the speakers crackle..i nd he did seller and he said send it back and will check it. here is problem. he wants me to pay the postage and handle and i dont want to because i did not pay to send it. this is a rip off
computer|Got it as a christmas gift for a friend very nice condtion seems to have only been used a few times very good buy!!
computer|First thing, I had to have Windows repaired, $139.00Second, item was advertised as having Microsoft Office, well it does not. Expected much better.
computer|Fast shipping before Christmas and a good price. Only issue was some deep scratches on the outside cover which are cosmetic only and it was as described.
computer|I bought this computer simply to play outdated PC games and know the kids would not need to borrow Dad's "good computer". Thus far, performance is as expected and the vendor was professional and competent. I would purchase another product from them.
computer|Christmas gift for my grandson. Purchased 5 days before Christmas, got here in time for Christmas morning. Great computer, happy grandson.
computer|Good product (used) but Discount 18 the company i purchased it from was a little ify. It took a while but they finally sent a hard drive that would not crash every day.
computer|The product came on time, in fact before expected. Well packaged ready to go. I had no major issues with the product. I was persuaded to purchase this particular model after listening to the reviews of those who already bought it. I am quite satisfied particularly considering the price. I have high speed internet and sometimes it would go off line therefore I would never use it to day trade but a simple restart or click repair quickly solves the problem.
computer|This computer was returned because there was a problem with the monitor part of it. Shipping was great and did no damage. It was in the computer.
computer|My Mom could not be happier with this laptop. We started it up and got connected to the internet and she's had no problems with it at all.
computer|Received the unit in a timely maner.......undamaged. It works great, and did the job expected. I wanted it because I can't find any computers new, with XP. And I'm not using the windows 8 joke!
computer|This company, unlike a competitor that I bought the same kind of computer from, sent a unit in good condition with a ton of bubble wrap around it. The computer itself works well besides a few barely visible black dots under the screen. My only concern with these computers is the fact there is no way to reset them. They seem to have been changed somehow with the reset partition absent. Basically if theres any glitch you have to track it down I suppose. Its still a Windows computer with XP but updating it can be a little cumbersome due to older service packs and architecture. Considering that you now can buy a google chrome book for 250.00, it seems to me older models like this should come down to 150.00 in very good / excellent condition, and 100.00 or less for the ones sort of like the one I got from they're competitor. Since there is no reset if theres a major problem, I suppose the boot menu and diagnostics are your friend here.
computer|price was right it downloads fast and does everything i need it to do i know you can find better but if you just need a laptop for basic stuff and going online this is perfect.
computer|Service is amazing! Product is amazing! So much value for the price. Fast, efficient and reliable specially with internet browsing. =D
computer|I've always been a Dell person. When my old laptop died on me suddenly, I panicked. I wasn't exactly in a financial position to buy a new computer. After doing a bit of research and reading lots of reviews, I decided to take a chance on this. I've had it for 3 weeks and it's working out just fine. No problems setting it up. I use it mostly for email and web. Perfect, functional laptop. Already loaded with most of the software I usually use.
computer|Got this laptop at a great price for the purpose of cross checking systems. It's a decent item for the price, and has held up for the most part. The only problem is that it sometimes locks me out and prompt that I use a password to use the laptop. Since I never set up a password to begin with, it's an odd request. I usually just restart the laptop and then pin startup it bypasses the login screen.
computer|I bought this laptop for my former student, who bore and raised two children. One son has a very sick ... So I gave it to them and ... Laptop and beautiful, and inexpensive, and works great ... And now because of that we talk on Skype every day and enjoy the ... And all thanks to you and your shop!
computer|For the short time that i have had this lapatop it works great! I gave it 4 stars because the packaging was flemsy and I was concerned the computer may have been damaged through the U.S. postal service. But it survived the trip. I do recommend better packaging in the future. Also, I want to be able to use the machine for several months before I give it a 5 star. So far so good!
computer|this latop is slow and doesnt do much it irrated be it crush and freeze up all the time t
computer|This was a rebuilt laptop. Had problems from the beginning. Got too hot even with preventative measures. Lasted only about a month before it died completely.
computer|I sent this back, was stated in discription that it had been refurbished and tested. couldn't even power up because the key board had non working keys that didn't allow me to enter appropriate codes.
computer|I buy older machines like the D620, load them up with Linux and sell them. While a dual core is tech from years past its still more then many consumers will ever use. It will run Windows 7 and 8 as well. A word of caution the wireless module in the D620 is a odd duck. If you use a Debian based distro like Ubuntu the drivers are in the software center. Be warned the ones suggested as you place Ubuntu or Zorin or Mint won't work. Find the STA drivers for the 4311 chip set of the chipset in your computer.The unit I bought has a battery that lasts three hours. This is a solid system! You can always upgrade to a larger hard drive and or use a external drive. Don't get me wrong this won't out perform a i5 or i7 laptop but a dual core will fit most casual users needs. I can confirm that it works well with Ubuntu and Zorin.
computer|I am very happy with Tampa Laptops. Ordered a Dell D620 for my son. When it arrived he plugged it in and it worked right away. But when the adapter cord accidently came unattached it would no longer boot up.Called Tampa Laptops and got OK to send it back and got a replacement within the week and this one works fine. Great for the price!
computer|I had to return the first lap top to the company and they sent me another one so far its working good but its a little to soon to know for sure. i had a good experience with the company no problem returning it.
computer|The computer works great. Looks used but everything is functional, except the power brick. Got it all loaded up with the software I wanted only to find the battery life gone. After another $9.00 investment everything as good.
computer|Laptop was as advertised, shipping was fast and it was well packed. I would recommend to a friend.
computer|This laptop replaceare find to me and nearly a steal. I couldn't resis this deal, and so far I'm completely satisfied.
computer|The Latitude D620 is an amazing computer. I've owned a refurbished one for several years, and there have been basically no problems with it at all. With Windows 7, it runs even better than it did with XP.Pros:-2 GB of memory is definitely sufficient for most tasks-graphics are excellent for everyday usage (I don't game, but the graphics aren't bad)-keyboard is easy and nice to type on-widescreen design is excellent-compatible with all modern versions of Windows, including Windows 7-integrated microphone + a headphone & mic jack-4 USB ports (lots of connectivity)Cons:-no webcam (easily remedied by buying an inexpensive USB one)
computer|I have to say I am very pleased with my purchase of this refurbished Dell D620. It was shipped free and arrived in great condition. The Latitude is great not having all the blotware that the Insprion retail units come with. If you are like me and concerned about buying a refurbished laptop, I am here to tell you this was my first and will not be my last. It is a great way to save 60%+ over buying new. The only negative I can come up with is that the battery doesn't hold much of a charge lasting only about an hour. I highly recommend buying from Tampa-Laptops. They were very helpful with a few questions I had after the unit was delivered.
computer|Man I wanted a cheap laptop soooo bad! Thats what I needed! Now I can upgrade the ram and add Window 7 to it and I'm good! Shippmen took a while but was Extremely worth the wait. Like Brand spanking new!! Thanks!!
computer|Computer came earlier than expected and was in excellent condition. I will definitely buy from these guys again.
computer|This is a simple computer; it does not have a web cam or any other convenient features you would find on a pricier machine. Because my intent was to simply use this for school work, I did not care that it did not have those features. I&#8217;m dissatisfied with this computer mainly because I have not been able to download MS suite to do my work, wireless connection goes out every so often while browsing the internet and customer service from the sell or dell is horrible. I contacted Dell who directed me to the seller. Contacted the seller and never got a response. Needless to say I have purchased a much better computer. It&#8217;s twice the price, but has all the bells and whistles&#8230;So that piece of junk (Dell D620) is in my closet collecting dust. Take my advice and invest the extra cash to get something much better&#8230;
computer|I purchased a D600 computer but like the constant complaints of overheating and turning to a black screen and dying never to come back on that so many posters have noted, is what i experienced with the 600 model also. Mine arrived looking like it had been driven under a car for a good 10 miles. It constantly would freeze needing to be rebooted. It would over heat after minimal use. That time got shorter and shorter before its untimely demise. It died after 6 months of light use.I have been without a computer since it died and have been using my smart phone. I was hoping to come on here and maybe find reviews for a reputable dealer that wouldnt send me a piece of crap. I kept seeing rave reviews for Tampa-Computer. I checked my purchase history, it was Tampa-Computer that sold me that piece of junk. I think it is them writing their own rave reviews banking on people like me that wont complain or return it. When you see one company coming up over and over again be leary. If you want a ghetto looking computer that freezes, is major frustration and dies after a few months buy one from Tampa-Computers.
computer|This Laptop worked great for about 5 Months then the Video Chip Broke and the Screen won't do any thing. It was very good while I had it, but the video chip is soldered to the motherbord so I cannot replace it with any other.
computer|Can't beat Dell Refurb computers for the price and quality. Have had several refurbs that lasted a long time. D620 is a good solid Laptop and refurbs well.Lots of software included with this PC and seller did a fine job of cleaning it.
computer|We bought two Dell laptops this year: a Studio and a Latitude, both with Windows 7. The poor NVDIA displays constantly go black and have to "recover." The skittish keyboards send key taps flying all over the text that you are entering. Function keys are muddled up with hardware commands, so keyboard commands in Microsoft applications are unaccessible. The psychotic mousepad runs up and down documents with no control. Worst of all these Chinese laptops constantly lock up and require rebooting. Dell support said, "Oh, you've installed some bad software!" We hadn't installed anything. Stay clear! We're stuck with junk!
computer|I'm a soldier in the Army and I purchased this laptop for a deployment overseas to have simple internet access and to watch movies. It worked through the heavy sands and dust of the middle east and didn't fail me. This is not a product I would recommend for gaming, or high quality video uses. It worked for me during my year long deployment and then I drop kicked it after getting back. It worked for me.
computer|Bought this for a family member whose old one was stolen. This is the best we could afford. SInce they only use it for word processing and web the speed and RAM limitations were not really an issue. It came in great shape and worked as advertised. At the time we bought it you couldn't beat this machine for the price.
computer|I am very happy , it got here fast and all there ,,, but for a back up disk. I thought all new or used would have a disk with it... hope I can find oneThank you
computer|This was a piece of junk. I replaced with Samsung Tablet. The underside got very hot within minutes of powering up and the battery could not hold a charge longer than 15 minutes
computer|THis equipmente have problems with the battery, only 10 minutes, we need buy another battery.3 stars of 5 .
computer|Great little starter laptop for my daughter. She's graduating soon, and this will help her alot with her college studies.I wish it had had the manual with it, but she's figuring out most of what it does.thanks so much.
computer|Very Happy and satisfied with the product I would recommend using them to anyone and the condition is in very good shape
computer|Had a problem with a key which was &#34;sticking&#34; & the vendor took care of it immediately to my total satisfaction
computer|this laptop was beyond my expectation . i bought it as a present for a friend and he was so happy . moreover , it came faster than expected , in really good condition , it was simply wonderful
computer|Just got it, I'm a novice. Bought it to watch TV & movies. It is slow just hitting links here takes a few seconds, not instant. It froze several times. And here is where I need help. The specs look different than advertised. Here is what I ordered: Dell D620 : INTEL Duo Core 1.8 GHZ/1GB/60GB here is what the system report say's: Genuine Intel(r)T2300@1.66GHz, processor speed-1.63GHz, Memory (RAM) 1024MB, OS-XP ver 5.1.26. I'm good with the OS but the speed seem less or I don't understand.
computer|It meets all our computing needs. This probably isn't the right forum to complain about the conditions under which laptop builders live, huh?
computer|Yes I would like to commend this company. I ordered a dell 620 which was in very good condition. But the 620 didn't meet my expectations, as I am moving to Belize in a few months and need more out of my computer. Well after talking to a representative there, they are taking the 620 back refunding my money, which I am applying back to the 630..I don't understand how anyone could not rate these folks 5 stars...thank you once again Kenneth and the kindness you and your reps.have shown me..T.L.Clark ....
computer|I ordered 2 gave one to a friendreturned mine because I got a constant blue screencan not wait til I get a comp of my own
computer|you can't use the laptop unless it is plugged into the wall. the person said they just replaced it but if they did i shouldn't have to leave it plugged in. it is also really slow and takes forever to load websites, the person said it was fast. i will not be ordering off here again.
computer|I just received this item, yesterday, and after anxiously awaiting its arrival...I wish I had saved my money and put it on a better laptop. I know you get what you pay for but I would've tolerated almost any other minor problem but the screen being messed up. From the time I took it out of the box to just now, the screen would show all these lines up and down it unless you pressed down on it with your thumb. As soon as you removed your thumb, it would do the same thing, making it impossible for you to type or move the cursor. The only time I could type is when I held the corner of the screen with my thumb, which is ridiculous! I am planning to contact the seller on Monday and see if I can arrange to ship this &#34;thing&#34;back to them and get a refund. I would accept a laptop in much better shape in exchange for this one but I don't trust that they will send one any better.
computer|I like it.Next time I'll get a full laptop not a tablet.I like them better can do more fore what i want to do later.thxs
computer|I used to have a windows xp when they came out. Will this computer fully load programs meant for windows xp? I have backyard baseball 2005 that wont work on my windows 7. Its meant for the xp so will it work on this dell laptop? Thanks
computer|I bought this Dell 620 Laptop Duo Core in February and the mother board went out on July 5th. What a bummer. I will not use this company again, wish I could write a great review, in fact this is the first bad review I have had to write ever.
computer|I purchase this laptop based on the overview reviews - positive feedback - for my niece. I purchased the product from J and J computing and the laptop was not working properly. The product description stated refurbish but not quite right. When the laptop arrived it was turned on but nothing booted up not a good sign. Laptop was turned off and then restarted and work good. The following day same problem. I received a refund but I had to pay for postage to return a broken laptop. I recommend not to purchase from J and J computing.
computer|My son loves the laptop and it goes everywhere with him. he is always on it and I only had to add a couple of programs for him for writing and gaming.
computer|Needed an inexpensive laptop and this fit the bill. It works great and does exactly what I need it to.
computer|Nothing against the actual product yet, (It works great), I was hoping to find a larger screened laptop for the price. My mistake.
computer|I like this product size and durability. Even though it is Win XP, it is better than Vista. It is great for a student and very portable.
computer|worked right out of the box. everything as advertised. good speed for day to day functions. loaded with windows xp.
computer|It does everything I need for it to do. I can now get on the Internet when my husband is on our computer.
computer|I just got this laptop and it works perfectly fine, I am pleased and I would recommend them to people.
computer|This computer was shipped fast. I got the D620 with Windows 7 pre loaded. All is working as expected. Cool!
computer|this is my first laptop.i bought it used ,at a very good price.it has never let me down.its not fancy,but works great.
computer|I previously posted a review and rated this product very poorly. I purchased this computer for my ten year old daughter because she did well on her first report card. When we received the computer it was defective and I wanted to return the item. I submitted my request through Amazon and my request went unanswered (or so I thought). Today, I received a response (a personal phone call) from the manager of the company and I'm happy to report this issue is being resolved. Apparently, there was some miscommunication going on among all parties involved however, I'm told the company will send my child another computer better than the one I originally ordered at no additional cost. I will follow up with an additional update once this transaction has occurred to give a more accurate rating on the product. Thanks Alan of Kenneth Westview for taking care of this issue!
computer|im liking it alotbut having problems with the backspace key. it was loose and came off and i dont know how to fix it.. other then that its great thanks
computer|I received the laptop that i ordered and it works perfectly to my needs. I love it and enjoyed it.
computer|I bought this for myself for a home laptop! It's clean, fast, and works great! I don't do anything fantastic with it, just pay bills, do taxes, check emails etc but for the price you sure can't beat it! A lot better deal than buying a new one for sure! Thanks!
computer|Product is a great buy and work great for my use. I use it mainly for light internet access only.
computer|Loved this computer from the beginning, however when we went to use the DVD player, it didn't work. Contacted Tampa-Laptops and IMMEDIATELY got help. When they couldn't fix it, they sent me a new DVD player thing (!) right away, and it works perfectly. Thank you, Greg, and thank you Tampa-Laptops!
computer|it broke after a few months and came with some crappy programs installed, was missing 1 gb of ram even though the dude send me another ram but there was no space for it
computer|Thanks it arrived as you told and yes I love it. Good to also know about the stamps.com that seems reliable.
computer|I ordered from Tampa Laptops because of a review I saw giving them such praise, so now I have my laptop and I have to echo the praise from the other review. Not only did the laptop show up a couple of days early, it was equipped with many programs that I currently enjoy using. The setup process could not have been easier. Tampa Laptops customer service is exceptional and I look forward to any future purchases of laptops and know I will go through them first.
computer|The first 2 laptops I received were defective. Fame PC sent a 3rd laptop that is working well now. Hurray
computer|this computer was suppose to be refurbished and working well however the mouse pad did not work right and it took many hours to solve the problem. now i ahve to use an external mouse for this computer. would not buy from them again
computer|Working with Sustainable Earth was great! The first laptop sent was not what I expected and he worked with me to exchange it for the correct one. He was very helpful.
computer|I am impressed by the functioning of this laptop. It's just as fast, or close to the same speed as my wife's brand new laptop for hundreds less. It's built tough with a lot of part made out of medal. I was nervous about buying a refurbished laptop on Amazon, but now I am more than satisfied. I bought mine from Tampa-Laptop, via Amazon.com, and will be buying from them again.
computer|The laptop arrived in great condition. Although the desc indicated minor scatches, i saw none. The only reason I gave 3 stars was that the battery will not hold a charge. I have to keep it plugged in or the laptop will power down.
computer|I have this computer and It works well for my needs. I don't play computer games but I use it for work everyday and I've never had a problem
computer|Bought this for my 12 year old son and could not be more pleased! Runs smooth and fast! Does run a tad bit warm but no problems as of yet with that. Computer is in way better shape (marked as acceptable) than the seller claimed...looks brand new with the exception of one very small scuff that you can only see if you tilt it in the light. Great seller!!
computer|laptop folding hing's are looseand screen is looseand this took 4 week to show so don'tget is any rush
computer|It came with more upgrades than announced on Amazon. It was upgraded to a windows seven, which had previously shown that it only had a XP. They installed a dvd drive in it; while the original had not had one. It is super fast. I am super satisfied. I definitely recommend this company.
computer|This was a fabulous buy for a great little work ready box! No problems at all - machine was received as described and ready to use. The laptop came with a power cord as promised and was packaged well for shipment. Thank you for the integrity in sales/shipping. I did install MS Office post purchase. This machine was still a nice buy for such a fine little workhorse. Thanks, Amazon for showing us so many choices!
computer|I was pleasantly surprised with this product from start to finish. It arrived 11 days earlier than expected and in excellent condition. The speed was better than any computer I've had at home or work. The color was remarkable. The only problem I experienced was a weak battery that also over heated. I contacted the seller and a new battery was shipped to me within 5 days, no questions asked. I highly recommend both the Dell laptop and the this distributor.
computer|For my first time purchasing a computer I was not sure what to go with. I knew that Dell was a top brand that was used by many of my friends. So I decided to go with this brand because they try to work with you and for you. When I purchased the Dell D620 Laptop Duo Core with Windows XP it was very easy to set up and install all the software I needed. I found that this laptop worked great for people like me who are in school. At the time, I felt that I was going into the purchasing of a computer blindly, but the team at Dell really helped me get through all the information and suggest software I should use to protect my computer. Today I can say that I enjoy my computer and its capabilities. I have found that my favorite part about the computer is the use of scrolling. I know it is so little of a part, but when you are constantly jumping from screen to screen without a mouse it really makes things easier to do it just with the touch of your finger. I also like the WiFi and Bluetooth for when I am at home or at school and I can use the internet or a keyboard and mouse for larger projects.
computer|I wanted a laptop, but because I was only going to use it to get on the internet and play games, I didn't want to spend a lot of money on it. I am very pleased with the one I purchased from Amazon. It's great.
computer|My laptop arrived two days after it was shipped in great secure packaging. This was way earlier than i expected. Even though it was refurbished it looks and performs like brand new. I'm 1000% satisfied with the product and the seller. He gave me the free upgrade to Windows 7 as promised when I emailed him and on a sunday at that. I would recommend this seller to anyone.
computer|I purchased this computer for my daughter and couldn't be more pleased. It's like it's brand new!! She loves it and, to tell you the truth, it's better than mine. I would purchase more products from this supplier.
computer|Received the Dell D620 Laptop Duo Core with windows 7. I was pleasantly surprised that it was 7 instead of XP. The computer is like new and has all the features advertised. I've been using for about 3 weeks now it works great! Terrific buy.
computer|I ordered this for my grandson for his birthday. It arrived before schedule which was great. He is thrilled with his laptop and we can now stay in contact via instant messages and Facebook. He lives too far a way and I never get to see him so it is great that we can stay in contact through the internet.
computer|The product came in excellent shape and had everything all ready for use of another. The past owner pretty much did everything for the next person to have easy access to it.
computer|From the reviews I thought I would try a refurbished laptop and decided to purchase from Quality Masters. I received the unit with a defective battery that will not hold any charge. The battery compartment was very dirty and did not look as though it had been opened in a long time. I expected a refurbished laptop which would be used but cleaned up, but was disappointed with what I received especially as the battery was 100% dead and would not charge.I requested to return the unit and have received a return mailing label which I have to pay the postage? The unit is defective and I have to pay postage?I will see what happens when the unit is returned to Quality Masters to see if they refund me promptly and then update this review.
computer|They sent me the laptop with the BIOS password set and it had a burned out cpu fan.... not easy to replace. I emailed them to let them know and they didn't care that I had a bad experience. Would not buy from this seller again.
computer|screen went black and doesnt turn on was working good until then happeni cant even get it to the boot screen
computer|The laptop its self is petty pleasing. Nice keyboard, easy to move around, and light weight. screen is nice too.here's the bad part:I've only had mine about two weeks. The "R" button no longer works. I have to hold it in for it to work. which is a real inconvenience. the mouse pad/dragging pad's thin cover is worn down right in the middle so the cursor constantly jumps all over the place. its annoying and a waste of my time. the other cursor in the typing area leans off to the left so every time i use it it doesn't stop. it just drifts up and to the left. not the mention the battery is busted on it. i wouldn't recommend it. and if you do get it, be prepared to have to buy a new battery and in general just be dis satisfied. I have to return mine tomorrow.good luck on yours... :\
computer|Arrived on time and worked well. Refurbished and case looked good. Battery needed a little charge. Have had for about 3 weeks and no current problems
computer|It was a great price. It arrived when it was suppose to. Worked right out of the box. The only thing that we were disappointed with was that the outside was dirty. The inside had tons of dog hair. We spent an hour with air spray and tweezers getting the hair out. If it wasn't for being dirty and dog hair it was a great buy.
computer|We needed an extra computer for our "pre-teens" and we were so pleased to see how great this was. We thought we would have to fix little things on it but it was all ready to go. My husband is an IT guy and he could not get over how well they had set it up! GREAT BUY!
computer|I gave the computer to my daughter who indicated that when they first started it up that it shut off randomly 3 times on the first day. She stated that it has been functioning properly since then. Does this have something to do with being "refurbished"?
computer|Have had little to no problem with product even though I did buy it used. Everything runs great and had order had gotten here in a timley manner. Product was in great shape for being used almost looked NEW. Thank you.
computer|The laptop's battery was dead, I called and they replaced it within the week! Great Service! Great Laptop!
computer|Had recently purchased a dell laptop used that was listed as used- acceptable condition. I received it as scheduled and was pleased with the condition of the laptop. 5 star services.....
computer|The lap top was not what I expected. The vendor was very nice and they were up front on everything, and were easy to work with. I would use them again if they have something I want. They made sure that "customer satisfaction" was met.
computer|
computer|The Laptop was received quickly. It was packaged well. It works and the battery holds a charge well. The charger works well also. The only issue I have is the seller(Open Electronics) specifically, in all capital letters, said the screen had no dead pixels but it has several. They also said , in all capital letters that there are no bad sectors. Since the screen has dead pixels I am skeptical about the lack of bad sectors.Over all I am mostly satisfied with the purchase. The dead pixils are scattered and barely effect the image. The response time is fast also. The CD and DVD player functions work well.
computer|The computer arrived in excellent condition/working order. It connected to our Wifi right away and my husband is pleased with it. He is writing a book on it. I recommend this computer.
computer|works well and has good speed it works well with a wireless mouse and doesn't take up too much space
computer|seems it doesn't hold a charge. not a biggie for us, but could be, and not what they said about it.
computer|I received this in a timely manner, but the back light in the monitor was out when I turned it on for the first time. When I called to let them know they told me I had to send to get it fixed and I had to pay to send. I decided at that time just to return because I'm not quite sure if I was going to keep it. So I just returned it, which I had to pay for. Just because they didn't provide a return label and I had to pay for it I would not order from them again. However they were very courteous when contacted and gave me no problem to return.
computer|Needed a laptop with Windows XP and I got what I needed. Thanks for all your help. will buy again
computer|did not meet my expectations. gPurchasing the product through amazon I expected to at leas:Receive the product that I purchased: I Received a Dell 610 LatitudeAndBe able to turn the product on to see if it worked: The laptop I received, Dell 610, did not have a power supply with it.Immediately, returned the product to the package it arrived in, taped it up, and returned the Dell 610.
computer|Absolutely flawless, beautiful feel, look, form follows function. So functional, and yet so aesthetic. Everything is above par on this laptop, so ergonimcally design and refurbished.
computer|I actually have grown to love this laptop im using it right now to write this review. It handles anti virus programs well and defragmenting it barely slows down the computer. It has a decent graphics card not anything extrodinary but you can get away with some medium graphics capabilities. When i got the laptop i could tell that it was used a couple minor dinks and bruises. the wifi is great i can leave my house and go to my neighbors house and still pick up my wifi so thats a good thing overall if you want a cheap laptop to get you through your everyday internet needs than buy this one. If your a hardcore gamer thats gonna download a different game from steam everyday this isnt the laptop for you.
computer|Excellent laptop at an excellent price. Has more memory than I need and is as functionally good as any I've owned. Thank you Amazon You have yet to disappoint me.
computer|For the price, it's a great catch. I was able to use this Windows XP PC to run an HP scanner which doesn't work on my Windows 7 PC. It's a good backup PC to watch movies on as well as connecting to the internet to watch online movies and etc. The only draw back is that sometimes the wireless internet signal is lost/disconnect temporarily. It has wired internet connection so no worry there!!!
computer|I bought this refurbished unit from Discount18, and it was shipped quickly and packaged well. The unit was good to go when I turned it on, and is performing like a champ. I wish I would have known before I bought my last laptop that such a fine machine could be purchased for about $180. It is solidly built, and runs very well. I am immensely pleased, and recommend this machine highly.
computer|laptop came exactly as described and was perfect for my needs. it was actually in better shape than i thought it would be for an older operating system. thank you!
computer|I am very pleased with this refurbished computer. It has everything our EMS group needs to report runs and take training required to keep up our volunteer ambulance service, at a price that a volunteer group can afford. Thank you for keeping this out of the landfill by touching it up.
computer|I love the computer it is working fine, i love everything about it, I will recommend it to my friends. I thank the seller.
computer|I believe that I have now bought 3 or 4 refurbished computers from Tampa Laptops. They have all been Dell's with Windows XP operating systems. The people for whom I have bought these computers are educated poor people in sub-Saharan Africa where computer viruses regularly take down laptops. These computers have held up well. They are reasonably quick, and with a good virus protector on them and some instruction about scanning and keeping the virus protector up to date, the people for whom I have gotten these computers have been very happy. One thing that has helped a great deal is the one on one assistance that I have received from Tampa. I have always reached a human being there when I call to ask a question. They have replaced batteries for me that were dead, and they have helped me to understand what additions I need on these computers. While the hard drives are not huge, they are fine for starter computers...especially student computers. My understanding is that the XP system still rates as the best for PC's and this is certainly what my African friends have told me.Their prices are very competitive, and again, their service is terrific. I'm very sorry they are no longer on Amazon Prime, but I will always buy refurbished computers from Tampa. (I am a Mac person myself-so Tampa, start working on them, too!)
computer|Received the Dell Laptop I ordered in record time. (5 Days) Expected to find a few scratches or dings - didn't get 'em. Was like new. Operated without a hitch. I installed programs, found all hardware and ports working - problem free. A laptop keyboard is alien to me but that awkwardness (me) is disappearing with use. Also a couple follow-up emails from the seller offering assistance with any problems. (I didn't need to respond) I'm five star satisfied.
computer|I must say that it came quickly and so far, I have not had any problem with the laptop. The price was great and I've been satisfied thus far. Thanks a bunch :)
computer|This is a great first laptop to buy. I got mine so that I could play a few low graphic video games and it is serving its purpose perfectly.
computer|Our daughter bought the Dell D620 for herself and it keeps her quite busy. It is a good little machine for her to play her games on. And at the price for $160.00 one can't really argue. We had a little problem at first with the screen, but Tampa laptop had no problem repairing it and getting it back to us in a timely fashion.
computer|I bought this computer for my sister who isn't very computer knowledgable but has found this lap top to be easy to use. She lives in an area that doesn't have wifi and has to drive into town to get service. She now has email and I can send photos of family.The computer was wrapped very well, and was in excellent working condition. A very good buy. And it was shipped right away.
computer|Very good computer laptop. It came on time and in a good shape. I was easy to use it without any problem.I think it is very good buying.Thank you for the service.
computer|I had a really hard time connecting to my wireless routerthe information that was sent with the product was useless and incorrectThe monitor is very dim and can not be seen without power connected to it.I would put another $40.00 to what I spent on this and got a new one!IT will NOT let me open my hotmail account with it. I went back to my old acer.NO NO NO a bad bye for me.
computer|The Dell laptop worked for about 2 hours then the screen freezes then the PC quits every time.I discovered there is an issue with the Video card on the main mother board with Dells. Do not Buy one. The only fix is to replace the mother board actually buy a new PC.
computer|The item works as expected, except for the battery which was dead when we received it. Had to replace the battery. Other than that the item was received in good working condition. Some minor scratches on the top lid and some letters on keyboard worn out.
computer|I purchased my refurbished Dell Latitude D620 laptop from TAMPA LAPTOPS, and could not be happier. The value and quality was very, very good. The delivery took only an amazing two days and was at no extra cost to me. It came with System 7 installed, and I was afraid it would not accept my XP programs; but this has proven not to be a problem. I would recommend TAMPA LAPTOPS TO ANYONE interested. But always look for vendors that have good ratings from Amazon customers. Keep up the good work!
computer|For the most part I am pleased with my purchase. I realize buying refurbished there will be some issues. I was able to use it right out of the box. The disc drive audio needs repair. Other then that it works good.
computer|The pros: this is a good & clean computer with wifi and the company sent it in a good time frame. I had just planned to buy a new laptop but an unexpected illness, bad economy, no job, a computer repair that would cost more than buying another computer and living in a rural community all left me in bad shape. I'm glad to have found a good computer under $200. The cons: a lot of drivers were outdated as well as the windows xp updates (109) and the battery was dead so I had to buy a new one. My personal problem was I couldn't do any updates so my usb internet modem wouldn't work. Since I live rural and the closest wifi is 30 miles one way at McDonald's (their wifi is very slow) I couldn't afford to stay very long and it took me a long time to update my system. I saved up for a mifi hotspot and had to save up for the prepaid card at $40.00 a month. So that's why it has taken me so long to reply. As the old saying goes - it is hell to be a poor college student. And no my old community college doesn't have wifi.
computer|This is a great computer even now but do not Buy it from DISCOUNT18 They are terrible they sold me a completely defective one. But if you buy one of these from any other seller there really great. They are fast and run windows xp very well. They can also run windows 7 64bit with no issues. They are speed daemons I have 2 of them for special devices and they are compeltly trusting laptops and the batteries also Made in Japan not china so they dont have any problems. But again be aware of DISCOUNT18 do not buy this from those guys. They are winers when you complain and they dont care about you as a customer.
computer|Due to an absence of receipt, I had to pay an additional of half the price it costs, in my country, what makes it not worthy. The computer works though.
computer|I would highly recommend the lat d620 for anyone that just needs a laptop for the internet and maybe even school.mine arrived 3 days after i ordered it, exactly as it was decribed. very fast computer, in good condition. its notflashy fancy smancy like alot of the ones that you see lately but it def gets the job done.THE ONLY NEGATIVE THING I WOULD SAYis that it does get rly hot very fast and i do not think that it has a fan. but itsgood stuff go ahead and order it.
computer|I purchase one of the refurbished DELL Latitude Laptops, D620 and the battery seemed low. It would charge, but I was only able to use it for approximately 40 minutes, then it would die. I emailed the distributor and told him that I thought refurbished meant a new battery, but then I read so many other reviews, of which most of them said the same to me, so I ordred a new battery from Amazon. BUT, the distributor had sent me a new battery also! I thought that was such wonderful customer service! I expected them to ignore me! Now I have 2 new batteries and my refurbished DELL is in great shape and I'd like to thank the distributor!
computer|I bought this for my husband first computer. Really is a windows 7 and bumped up memory. The title isn't right but when you read their description it is right. Happy with the product.
computer|I brought this iteam for my husband for christmas.Lets say.. He still has it in his lap! I myself will need to get one since my faimly has laptops.i love my playbook though be still would like a laptop. Best money can buy.
computer|I received my lap top in less than 2.weeksnand it is in great condition with the exception of a few tiny scratches on the cover. Wifi has connectednwithout a problem. If you plan on using it battery only sometimes I recommend ordereing a new one when u purchase this laptop. Mme would not turn on unless it was plugged in no matter how long I charged it so save some money on extra shipping and buy the battery at the same time. It is very lightweight also. Ive had it for a month so I hope t continues to be a great find as it was a great deal.
computer|I was looking for a good lap top for my son,and i searched around and I got this really great deal on this lap top,It works great,it fast and very user friendly!
computer|Frustrated with how quickly this died on me. Bought this refurbished at a low price. I got what I paid for or I would have given this just one star. Buy it cheap and don't expect it to last another year.
computer|Now, understanding this isn't a I7 machine, it has been great. Everything ran right off and no bloatware to deal with, no wifi problems. The hard drive that I got isn't 80 meg but 150, can't beat that. And I like XP. Sure, it isn't supported anymore, but then I don't do things (like go to places that are notorious for virus like porn sites, or open any extensions) that put me at risk (and just smile when people tell me about their problems with Windows 8). Looking around I note that to upgrade to 4gig is about $60, but at the moment there hasn't been a reason. The seller might do it for you with a call, haven't tried. Been having fun playing the original Mass Effect with no problems, mostly I just run internet, play audio books, and watch movies. Only 2 usb ports, but hey, it's cheap to get usb extensions. I'm really enjoying this machine at this price. I note that a lot of people write about the shipping container. Mine was just a USPS box, but it was well wrapped in bubble wrap, don't think there would have been any problems. I am considering getting another for my goddaughter. Finally, this isn't a problem for me but future buyers should note that there isn't a recovery disk, so if you die, you die. BACK UP :)
computer|My larger Dell laptop and my little Dell Latitude Notebook both died within weeks of each other. Mother boards. Too expensive to fix especially given the age and condition of the computers. I also have a Mac, but wanted to continue to manage my photos and videos on a pc. Didn't want to learn new O/S, etc., and this one came with 7 / XP. Looks like new. Runs quieter than my old ones. Great price. Not sure I will ever buy new again, when refurbished is so good and so inexpensive.
computer|We needed an extra laptop around the office for web access and powerpoint. We recieved the Dell and it was exactly as described. There are a few minor scratchs, but overall the computer was in great shape. If you don't need all the latest gadgets or horsepower, this is a great alternative. I would order again!
computer|We bought this laptop reconditioned from Jeremy's Laptops here on Amazon. The laptop is just fine and serves its purpose -- it was a Christmas gift to our teenage daughter who is aspiring to be a writer. What impressed me here was the customer service we received. After receiving the laptop, we had a little problem with it, so I posted a question to the seller through the Amazon site and received, not only a response, but a personal phone call from Jeremy --- on the same day that I posted the question! Jeremy was very easy to work with and clearly puts customer service at the top of his list :) Did I mention that phone call he made to us was while he was on vacation during Christmas? I would most definitely purchase from this seller again.
computer|
computer|I purchased the D620 for my daughter in college when her 2 yr old HP notebook died due to an overheating problem (long story). After verifying that the D620 worked properly by connecting to the internet and installing XP SP 3, I moved over one of the RAM chips (for a total of 1.5 GB) and the harddrive from the HP. I then installed Windows 7 and recovered her data files (I didn't really expect a college student to use the flash drives that I gave her for backups). Finally, I installed software including Office 7. Throughout the process the D620 performed flawlessly. I tested it by running DVDs, Office apps and videos over the internet (after I set up a wireless connection). This is one fine notebook, very fast and with a good display. Its only "short comings" are obvious from the specs, i.e., no web cam, no media slots and no DVD burner. But these are clearly minor issues given the price.
computer|I didn't have a lot of money to spend on a computer and all of the chain stores that I had gone into to buy a computer did not have the service or the selection that I wanted. I was hesitant to purchase a computer "on-line" but now I am glad that I did. The computer was exactly what I wanted (Amazon gives you more information up front on what you are purchasing than any other place that I had tried), and I received it within two days. I have not had one problem or complaint. Well done.
computer|I used the same laptop at work for the about the last 3 years, and it is a work horse. I can buy a brand new commercial laptop for couple hundred bucks more, but I wanted the reliability of the professional business laptop. I have to say this used business machine Laptop works well except for 3 problems: First, the battery only lasts 5 minutes, second, the DVD burner drive work sporadically (DVD door doesn't eject consistently, and it doesn't always detect the DVD or CD in it). Handed the laptop to my 11 year old daughter few weeks after purchase (Christmas gift), so I did not find out about these problems until 2 month after purchase. Contacted the seller, but the warrantee had expired after 30 days of purchase, so I have to buy a battery and drive on my own. Third thing, the XP pro operating system was loaded on the computer, but the recovery disks were not included; I hope the hard the hard drive doesn't crash sometime soon.
computer|To read one of the other reviews one would think the reviewer is talking about a completely different machine. My family has two of these and we have experienced none of the problems that the other reviewer has mentioned. XP is a very stable platform and we'll see if Windows Seven will live up to the hype. As far as poor sound I wonder compared to what? I've had several different laptops and netbooks and they sound tinny compared to the D620. Besides, I hook the machine up to external powered speakers to listen to my music library.Let's face it. If Dell built poor quality equipment they wouldn't be in business as long as they have been.This is one great piece of equipment.DELL LATITUDE D620 14.1" WXGA
computer|Was easy to decide what I needed; the laptop arrived quickly, and is terrific. My son is using it; I just had a little bit of trouble getting the wireless set up, but managed to do it w/o help. Really useful, and lots of great stuff loaded on it. We will probably be buying another one for my husband soon!
computer|Still working, no problems for the price I paid! Very sturdy too. I am sticking with Dell from now on. I have bought two Dell items from Amazon, computer and laptop, and they still work fine. Bought HP products (elsewhere) that broke within a couple months.
computer|The laptop was cheap, and shipped quickly. But the touch pad was extremely glitchy and would constantly send the curser all over the screen making in hard to click on what I needed to. Also battery is completely dead, It last less then a min when unplugged.
computer|Excelent ! Easy of use,expandible mem ram ,dvd/burner,a fast intel core duo 2.0 procesor,a great 224mb grafics adapter , with the best windows xp pro for anything ,fast and secure.Upgradable to Win 7. Do recomend buy this
computer|This is a secondary laptop for me, but is nearly as nice as my primary(which I paid ALOT more money for, new). I bought refurbished, and expected the unit to have a few blemishes, but it looks really great. One tiny scratch on top that I can barely see. Otherwise, the laptop booted up as if it had just come out of the store. The sellers dont garuntee the batteries, so I bought an extra one for it, but, come to find out, the battery the laptop came with is fine. Now I have two. I also upgraded the laptops ram to 4gig. Probly didnt need to, for what Ill use the laptop for, but the ram was cheap so there was no reason not to. As far as how the computer works, its great. Was nice and clean, and everything comes up fast. Im no computer expert, so I cant list a whole bunch of technical details for you, but I like the laptop very much. Its everything it was advertised to be, attractive, and works very well for everything I use it for.
computer|this laptop is very good i use it all the time and it was not real expensive burns cds and works well online
computer|Good condition has a few scratches, but works great and the duo core is fast. I recommend this for a excellent buy. jd smith
computer|Received this as a Christmas present and as soon as I Iogged on to the internet it said it had a virus and shut me down. I have not been able to get it to do anything since. I am not sure how it works. When I get it fixed and a virus protection product installed I will try the computer again. Until then I can't even use it!! The screen looked nice and the desktop was okay - the letter "A" on the keyboard was rubbed off but not a big deal since I know how to type.
computer|The computer works great, came fast. Not bad for the price. The battery sucks and will not hold a charge so it does have to be plugged in at all times. Other than that very happy with it!
computer|Bought this an was a little leary, but very pleased with it. Have had no problems with it at all. Love it so far.
computer|I bought this XP for my 9 year-old daughter whose Celeron had pooped out. It's the second used laptop I picked up from Amazon and am happy with both. The price was right and delivery was fast and efficient, plus my daughter is happy.
computer|Arrived when said it would and works perfect for what I needed at a great low price. Would buy again.
computer|Well worth the money. Only 1 problem...should have checked the port . Doesn't work . Which was the main purpose of the purpose for this purchase. Still agood buy. Would buy again from this company.
computer|1st, let me start by saying, I've never really been the biggest fan of laptops in general but for this I have to make an exception. Windows XP will always be BETTER than all other operating systems. Yeah I said it! From my experience with the more advanced windows such as windows 7/Vista they have always been too faulty with all sorts of random errors: Slow starting up, Trouble/Slow connecting, freezing, blank outs screens, the list just goes on & on. So random, Its annoying. I find that they over-do it with the more advanced systems, I really don't think most laptops are designed to handle all that. I much prefer this it in Windows XP! I find its more concrete, more sturdy, & I can turn them on with no surprises waiting for me. I have had very few troubles with it so far: Its fast, large screen, nice to look at, reliable, easy to customize. It even connected to my wireless internet right away & with no prompt. The battery life is decent as well though I always keep it plugged. The only problem is this tea kettle whistling noise the battery makes when plugged but I hardly notice it most of the time. This is a win win for me in terms of price & quality esp since I find this better than any of the more expensive brands. What a Steal. Highly Recommended it, I just hope the computer never crashes on me, thats my only concern. Good so far.Update: Sorry, this isnt the exact one I purchased but Im sure it still applies. :) I got the IBM Thinkpad for a little less & its just as good.
computer|I've had this laptop for over a year now, and I was really happy with the seller's customer service at that time. At first it worked well, but it started lagging quite badly after about a month. Now it is EXTREMELY slow... it takes 2 hours sometimes just to send one email message. I never checked until today, for some reason, but this laptop is NOT dual core, which explains a lot. I don't know if Dell put the fake label on it, with the intel duo stamped on it, or if it was the seller. Either way, I won't ever purchase a Dell product or buy anything from the seller. I paid almost $300 for this, which is 'WAY too much for something that is this slow. NONE of the Dell products I have are working anymore, not just the laptop.
computer|I truly give this a 3 1/2 star rating. I'll tell you the Pros and Cons, and what the computer is and isn't made for. I wanted a new Laptop for the online marketing I do since I thought my Toshiba A205 was done for. The shipping from ABCcomputers was fast and everything they said the computer was, was valid information. I was ready to go back to Windows XP OS with the Dell, but decided to install Vista in it instead. The battery and charger worked very well to my surprise lasting well over 2 hours and there were very few cosmetic scratches. Yet the one thing that I cannot get over about the computer was how dim the screen was. I have doubts that all Dell D620 screens come that dark, but it seems as though it's always on a power saving mode for battery life like a typical laptop. It's a slight annoyance, but I believe I can live with it, and I can say this was the greatest of all problems I had with the computer.ABCcomputers described it as a powerful laptop despite it's 1GB RAM memory, 1.65GHz Dou Core Processor and only 80GB HDD memory. To my surprise it was a work horse! Here's the twist, I replaced the 80GB Seagate Hard Drive with an 128GB Solid State Drive in the Dell and could start maybe 10 applications all at the same time including 3 web browsers with practically no application effecting the others performance. Here's another twist; when I found out what was wrong with my Toshiba (a newer computer than the refurbished Dell), I switched the Solid State Drive to the Toshiba that had 2GB RAM, and 1.85 GHz Duo Core Processing. In this experiment, I found the applications sometimes load a few seconds slower than instantly like in the D620. I actually encountered some freezing of applications I had to force close in the Toshiba. This never happened when the SSD was in my Dell D620! I still kept the SSD in the Toshiba because of how bright and wide screened it was over the Dell. Besides, the SSD works good enough in the Toshiba.The computer's processing seems very good with it's original Seagate Harddrive. I really don't know what you can ask for more out of a refub Dell from 2006. This Dell's focus was primarily as a business computer so Word Processing is ideal. I was planning on upgrading the Dell even more by putting in 4 GBs of RAM as it only has 1GB. Before anything my main focus is getting that backlighting brighter as Fn + the UP arrow key does not do the trick. I'm sure that would cost at least over $100, and right now that's too much of an investment out of this secondary computer. At the same time the computer can only use 3.5GB out of the 4GB of RAM because of the BIOS blocking it or 32 bit OS you're using. Either one is the case but I'm not %100 sure. The D620 is not a light computer even though the screen width is just 14 inches wide. They made it pretty sturdy with a Strike Zone feature that probably helps keep your hardware and cpu denying damage.It's not at all a Gaming PC. A video card / whole new motherboard has to be put inside of it just to recognize a newer Microsoft game. So, sorry gaming geeks, you'll have to pay probably another hundred dollars if you wanna play Skyrim and your other favorite games. Gaming wouldn't be exceptional anyway, since the screens brightness isn't top resplendent or enchanting.Concluding my own personal story, I now have a secondary laptop that I'll probably just store files on such as music for I Tunes, and maybe in the future video file, and probably do some web browsing. I think its a good PC, but I would like to know what others feel about their Latitude's backlighting. Comment because I wanna know. It's a decent computer, but I think it would be well worth the $200 if it didn't hurt my eyes to watch lol. Other than that problem I would recommend someone buying this computer and upgrading it as they go making it a super computer like I did.
computer|I purchased this laptop from craigslist and I must say I am pleased with it so far. It came with a 120g5400 rpm hitachi hd even though the guy assured me it was a 7200. The battery is weak but what do you expect when buying a used laptop. It came with windows 7 which I have no experience with but I guess I will give it a try. The battery lasted for 1.5 hours which was suprising. I have used a dell D600 at work for years and think they make a good product. This laptop for 2 bills with dual core, 2g ram, 120g hd and weak battery was a good deal I think.
computer|I purchased this computer as a gift for mentally handicaped daughter. She was overwelmed by the gift and has used it for games, down loading music to her Ipod and now she has an e-mail address. The product was delivered in 3 days and was in excellent shape.
computer|its a good Laptop and it doesn't crash, works under any situation, reliable and manageable. the Windows XP works perfect.
computer|We searched around for a while to find a laptop for my girlfriend. We chose this one because of the price and it arrived quickly. So far so good. Great deal as far as pricing and what you get. It seems to be fairly fast and does the job. It's not fancy, but we didn't pay for fancy.
computer|Good, solid laptop. The one I received came with a few bells and whistles typical of business-class computers. The software was generic Dell stuff with all the drivers for all possible functions, even the ones that the laptop didn't have (such as Bluetooth.) The battery seems new.The seller, Link-Tronics Memory, was responsive and very fast.
computer|To this date I have not received a single email from this company acknowledging mine.In order to return the item I need an authorization code and I have requested this on three emails.Not one single email has been received in return to me, telling me how to go about returning the item and receiving my money back
computer|Fast shippment, and actually they send me the inspirion 630 with 2gb of ram and a 110 HDD also i got the duo core 2.20ghz, so I scored big time, the price was right and so far works fast and no problems at all I only had it for a week , its a great item for my son for his first computer . I just had to clean the keyboard a little and it looks like new .Thanks Tampa boys
computer|Unfortunately, I was sold this laptop which costs more to fix than it cost to purchase. The laptop overheats, freezes and the screen turns black and then shuts itself off after light usage. After it's rebooted, The screen splits into six mini-screens, leaving it unusable for sometimes up to a whole day. I updated it, reinstalled it, cleaned out the vent and followed every other recommendation. It still does the same thing. It freezes, crashes, overheats and splits the screen. I've only been using it for 2 months! What a piece of garbage!
computer|Being an Mac person since 82, I was kind of leery buying a PC, especially a used one. After checking out the products on Amazon I settled for the Dell 620 (630) since it had the speed and power I need for my online job. The computer had a very good price for the performance it offered, and although I did not expect a whole lot in the looks department, I was pleasantly surprised when I unpacked it a couple of days later. The item looks as if it had never been used and i would challenge anyone to tell it apart from a new one. It ran right out of the box, and I actually like it, even if I still use mainly my Ibook 4G. After adding my own sofware which optimizes the whole system it is now perfect. Wify runs at 12mps which is more than enough to download full movies in a matter of minutes. It also improved my productivity since the work pops up on the screen almost instantly. All in all I am very pleased with this product, the service I received, and the customer care offered by Tampa Laptops. I would recommend them to anyone looking for a used laptop at a more than fair price, and a seller that cares about their customers. I am still an Apple man, but the PC from Tampa Laptop will be by my side, and my new work horse.
computer|I got his for my son. He loves it! Great product! Do far so good and I look forward to buying from this vendor!
computer|I have a Dell personal computer that I use as an editor and writer that is about 3 years old and works well for my needs. I needed a laptop with similar capabilities because I planned to be away for two months and had a lot of editing to do while traveling. I wanted a laptop with Windows XP and the same version of Office that the desktop has, so that the two computers would "talk" peacefully with one another when I transferred the files back and forth. While I was at it, I looked for a model with a similar processor (Core Duo) and speed. For $200 I found the perfect model on Amazon, with 2 gigs--plenty of hard-drive space for my purposes.The Dell Latitude 620 that I received from the vendor was in near-perfect condition. It arrived carefully wrapped and from the beginning, it was clear that someone had done a good job cleaning the machine both in terms of physical appearance, and internally, where programs, files and bloatware are concerned. It came loaded with Windows Office, itself a decent value.The main problem that I was aware of when I bought the laptop is that Windows XP service pack 3 is going to "expire" in about 2 years. But for $200 I have a sturdy and so far very reliable machine that I can use whenever I hit the road or just have to have my laptop in a cafe. And when I need a "new used" laptop in the future, I will return to Amazon and hope that the same vendor (out of Georgia) is still doing the fine job they did before!Finally, gamers and YouTubers would not be happy with this particular laptop with its single speaker and older-style screen, but for word processing and email, it is an awesome, fast and smooth-operating piece of technology!
computer|I received my Dell very quickly. It was better then expected. I was worried about getting something rebuilt. Thinking it wouldn't perform up to par with a newer computer. I didn't want to spend a lot of money. This thing in it's prime was not a discount bare bones computer. It was a higher end product and you can tell. It's well built and I can't believe how fast it is. I glad I didn't settle for a $300 new one. The dell will run circles around it.
computer|This was a great purchase at a great price for our family. It does exactly what we bought it for...allows the kids to have access to the internet, email, games and word processing. It came just as described and arrived very quickly. We could not have been happier.
computer|The LapTop is perfect for my son and his school work. He also finds it adequate for his gaming. wish I could buy all my neices and nephews one as well! Great deal...Great product
computer|If you're looking for a cheap, but nice laptop this is the one. Nicely refurbished, works well for getting on the internet. Only complaint I have is that the battery was shot, have to use AC outlet for power. Might want to consider buying a new battery as well
computer|Everything was fine with the computer- you can defiantly tell its used with minor scratches(I expected that b/c its a refurb). The main thing that upset me was that the battery did not hold a charge at all. The computer would die as soon as I unplugged it. The reason why I didn't send it back is because it stated returns are at the buyers expense if anything was faulty. So it is cheaper to buy an new battery for it and charger cause that was faulty as well. Sooo i guess that's the thing with buying electronics online you never really know what your going to get- didn't help this was my first time. but other than those two main things its working fine so far.and an update- I reached out the the sender and they are sending me a battery. They were very prompt with replying and offered to take care of it. So I was very happy that they were very nice and willing to help me by sending me a new battery. Very happy!
computer|Bought this laptop a year ago and already is having issues. The battery died and it the screen shuts off after 15 min....probably the fan.
computer|My daughter was saving up for a laptop, looking at a small Acer at Wal-Marts that was close to 300.00. So I decided to look on Amazon to see what they had. Found this for a WHOLE LOT LESS and it's a full size laptop. We ordered it, came in very quickly, and was ready to go when she pulled it out of the box. She has been on it non-stop and uses it for everything. When watching DVD the battery does get hot, buy from what I've read that is normal for laptops. Great buy and EXCELLENT product! Love the Tampa guys!!
computer|This little laptop is nearly perfect for the money. It performs well, has a nice screen, and is a convenient portable size. Mine came with Windows XP, but I was able to install the latest version of Ubuntu effortlessly, and if you've ever tried to install Linux on a laptop, you know how tough that can be. Overall: highly recommended.
computer|Despite a customer service hiccup it seems this company went the extra step to do what's right. Ethics count. The lap top was exactly as described although dirty. I spent about 35 minutes cleaning the dried coffee or cola then it was perfect! I am still waiting for the final out come on the customer service part. If it pans out I will increase my ratings. As it is now, I am satisfied with the purchase.The customer service part has been fulfilled to my satisfaction. I am pleased my opinion counted.
computer|It is a very good product. I bought it because I needed serial port, which is very rare in modern laptops. There are lots of USB to serial adaptors on sale, but they mostly incompatible. I created DOS partition on harddrive because my obsolete program was DOS based, but then I discovered that the program worked very well from Windows XP also. I had very bad experience before running my obsolete program on laptops so I simply did not expect such great compatibility! Besides this I use the laptop for my high definition video, which requires a powerful computer. The video runs very smoothly with really high quality. The battery also is very good. It lasts almost forever. The option of additional battery instead of CD/DVD drive is also a very good feature. Indeed it is a great computer and the price is also great!
computer|The Dell D620 Laptop I ordered came in perfect condition. When typing the characters suddenly show up on a different line, i.e. there is a lot of unexpected jumping around. But that does not seem to be the fault of this excellent product.I am very happy with the product and the purchase.AH! But now the letter T on the keyboard has ceased to function properly.
computer|I received 2 of this computer a few days ago, they came with the a brand new windows 7 OS with their original CD's and key product activation that worked fine activated online.Computers are great and I strongly recomend this product to everybody. Best computer for that money.
computer|I recieved my refurbished laptop and was surprised on what good shape it was in and was impressed only to have it 2 weeks before problems started, the screen went dark and would not work for about a week, then it mysteriously started working again however battery light continues to flash daily, now i often find the screen now turns white when i turn it on, if i had to do over i would have bought new instead of paying less for something that half the time doesn't work!
computer|I ordered this laptop for my daughters 15th b'day present not wanting to spend $600 on something I wasn't sure how she would treat. It arrived way earlier than stated and exceeded expectations. I thought it may be banged up a bit and such, but looked brand new and runs better than our home computer. I'm thinking about buying one for everyone in the house. Refurbished often gets a bad rap, but with this dealer I'd say it's definitely the smarter way to go. I just cannot express how impressed I am with it. Or how proud of myself I am for saving $400! :-D
computer|First of all, if they happen to read this, thanks to the Tampa-Laptops. I was looking for an inexpensive laptop for my personal use and these guys came through. I've had this computer for 4 months and still running smoothly. The only flaw in this computer it gets very hot and once it does it goes off. The high point when it does shutdown and wait few moments after rebooting (always press the F1 key)--everything is saved -- thankfully! My computer is running on a Windows 7 and glad for it. My desktop is Windows Vista and like most who share my opinion it's terrible. My memory is also running 2.00GB; Hard drive is 93.0GB (w/estimate of 120GB drive inside), if you want to upgrade some of these features you can definitely do themselves or get someone else to do them for you -- just becareful. Overall very pleased with my purchase for an $183 bucks it was well spent!
computer|This laptop works great. Runs just as fast or faster than my desktop PC. Wireless hookup was flawless. All the progams I have loaded work just fine - Quickbooks 2009, 2011 and 2012, Microsoft Office etc... In the past I had my 'computer guy' 'un-Dell' my Dell PC but no problems with this laptop what so ever. Love it and the price I paid!
computer|http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001U5617K/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_titleMark Longstreet, owner of Value Technology was honest and willing to work with me when the laptop failed to communicate with the battery. In a few days of use the problem corrected itself. I now have two Dell Latitude D620's and love them. Thank you Mark. You sell a good product.
computer|I LOVE EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS LAPTOP !!!!!!!!!!! I THOUGHT IT WAS GOING TO OLD AND SCRATCHED UP !!!!!! THEY FOOLED ME, IT WAS BRAND NEW AS CAN GET,EVEN THO ITS REFURBISHED !!!!!!! I LOVE IT !!!!!!! I REALLY DO !!!!!!!!!!!! I LOVE "AMAZON" MUUUUUAAAAAAAHHHH !!!!!!
computer|I have bought two of these refurbished--what a mistake! Both had the graphics chip fail. All of these have a known issue with the NVIDIA GPU overheating and failing. There was even a class action lawsuit over it (which is now closed, but if you google it, you'll find it). I recommend you avoid these laptops unless you like doing complete teardowns with $130 Intel replacement motherboards.
computer|I am very glad that I bought used Dell D620 from "Tampa Laptop Computer Technology". The item arrived just in few days in perfect condition (like new), with Windows XP installed (no keys or password required) and also with Win XP CD. Even "how to use wireless Internet connection" printed instructions were included. Everything works; price is great; 30 days "return policy" (not so often available for electronics). VERY SATISFIED!
computer|My daughter recieved the computer and it would not work. She sent it back to the company at HER expense of more than $60. (that was not reimbrused). After about 7 days the repaired comuter was returned to her. It is now working fine. My complaint is that it was delivered broken and she had to send it back at her expense. We will not order from this company again.
computer|I bought this for my daughter. I did not want to spend a lot of $$ for her first computer so I gave this refurbished one a shot. It was delivered within a week of ordering it. It is a refurbished Dell D620. 80 GB HDD is sufficient for basic software but not really for gaming. It has 4 USB ports but one of them was damaged so I only have 3 working USB ports which is sufficient for my kid's needs. She watches a lot of online rerun TV programs. For $175 it was not worth sending back. Battery life good. Slight scratches on the cover but is expected for a used laptop. It was WiFi ready and it was easy to set up to our home wireless. Overall it is worth the money if you are looking for a backup laptop, or a student laptop for internet surfing and homework.
computer|Computer is very nice and just as it was described. Good value for a refurb. It will serve my friends purpose well. Best thing is its not Vista, its XP. Was good and prompt delivery and received in great shape.
computer|I bought the Laptop so I would be able to work from anywhere. The laptop has served it's purpose well. I use the laptop daily and I would recommend this laptop to anyone.
computer|I have been very impressed with my Dell D620. I bought a refurbished unit off of Amazon and it runs like new. I chose to go this route because it has the tried and true Windows XP operating system which I've always liked. You can no longer buy new computers with this operating system, so the refurbished unit seemed the best option for me. It has a very solid case structure, and mine came with the optional 9 cell battery (which is an upgrade). This battery sticks out below the mouse pad and creates an excellent wrist-rest when you are typing, making it much easier to type on than most other laptops. It has been great with picking up wireless networks. I would certainly recommend this computer.
computer|I experienced a small problem with my purchase and Link-Tronics did an excellent job with customer service for the refurbished Dell Latitude D620 Laptop. They were true to their word and everything appears to be well.
computer|I.M.H.O.:if i were shopping for a d620, i would steer clear of the machines that are equipped with the nvidia gpu. this link explains the mess: [...]*edit* they wont let me leave a link here so i will tell you to google "dell nvidia lawsuit" and i'll leave the link in the comments section. m'kay?the machines with intel graphics are the ones i buy, and because of how this was handled, i have a pretty bad opinion of dell, hp and nvidia.as far as my machines??, i love 'em.mine have the 2.17ghz cpu and i'm running a ssd h.d. and this machine flies. it's really fast with linux mint13, too.the size is perfect, the frame is metal (lid too!), the keyboard is very close to thinkpad standards (i.m.o. the best), it runs cool (45c right now), and it looks great.mine doesn't have an sd card reader, but i put one in the expansion slot. it works great and looks factory. problem solved!the screen could be a little brighter, but i have a separate luminosity adjustment that tweaks that in linux. so there.conclusion?with the intel graphics, it's a darn fine machine. it's very fast for it's age and a pleasure to use.if the seller couldn't assure me as to which gpu the machine has, i would personally move on. just my opinion on the matter. research it yourself.*EDIT* i came back and added a star. remember though, with the nvidia graphics, this would be a zero star machine. however with the intel graphics it's a totally different ballgame. it would be a bad idea to buy one of these babies without knowing for sure which graphics controller it has. please be aware of this.i hope my opinion helped!
computer|Seller honored his word and this computer came with a wonderful software package to include the full MS Office 7, Roxio and Windows 7 so all software was latest version. Shipping was fast and it arrived way ahead of schedule. Packaging was good and product was well protected. Battery holds charge and charger works as it should. Seller answered quieries immediately so I was assured software package was as advertised, and contacted me by email when it shipped. Great refurbished computer. All files clean. No defragmented files. No viruses. Another wonderful deal made possible by seller and Amazon!
