computer|Esta lapto es lo maximo, a sido la mejor compra que e realizado, la recomiendo 100%, super ligera, facil de usar y a un precio espectacular, me siento muy contenta con esta lapto.
computer|Loved it until it failed in the second week. But then it was a refurb, a point I somehow missed; you take your chances. While it worked, it was wonderful. And a caveat: quitting unexpectedly and endless unilateral cycling on and off have been described as OS problems (though this was Windows 7, and should be past that; seems to be common with Windows 8, which I won't buy).
computer|The item has a good performance according its price and it has stylish design and good performance but is somewhat heavy compared to other machines. I recommend this item to people of modest economic resources
computer|me parece una maquina de insuperable calidad en lo que a rendimiento brinda en todos sus programas de ejecucion, la recomiendo
computer|I love this computer.It is fast and able to do everything that much more expensive brands and models will do.
computer|I thought this would help my daughter do research and use it to write papers. It's still too early. I think maybe give her a few more years before she starts using a laptop. The wireless mouse is a definite must though. Too hard for young fingers to use without a mouse.
computer|exactly what i needed for college, is not slow and gets the job done. I have no complaint about the product
computer|While some folks gave this laptop good ratings, I cannot. It has frozen many times (still does) and at other times has remained on when it should have powered off . I have even had to remove the battery to power it off when nothing else worked! I still have it because I hate the hassle of returning it. It has a nice screen and keyboard but that doesn't compensate for its flaws. I would not recommend this laptop.
computer|I work for a non-profit, and we use it at meetings. Great little workhorse!Very reliable and tough...gets thrown around a bit!
computer|bought this for my sis, she was looking for a cheap but good laptop, this was it, so far no problems, and i will buy one soon for me.
computer|This is the second Acer laptop we have purchased after having problems with H P laptops. They are perfect for us.
computer|Acer Aspire AS5750Z-4835 15.6-Inch Laptop (Black) My sister has this laptop and she loves it. I recommend it to someone who's looking for a great laptop. You've made the right choice.
computer|Since I like to listen to music on my laptop.After reading a review that stated "THE AUDIO WAS KICK ASS' I ordered this laptop.The sound is very low even the speakers are at max and the dolby is on. I contacted Acer (another huge problem ) they had me return to factory settings and reboot which took about 45 minutes, that did NOT correct the situation.If this is th way the sound is it's being returned and I would not recommend anyone buying it.
computer|Chekhov highs gghhj gghhj gdsd hjj diff hjj deff huff hang Jeff's Jeff's futon hggfd highly huff agh hhggjj gigs hjjdd hoary
computer|Muy buena PC por el precio. Excelente calidad de imagen y rapidez. La compre para uso domestico y no he tenido ning&uacute;n problema hasta ahora. La recomiendo totalmente.
computer|Have had this laptop almost two months and have had no problems at all with it. Very satisfied. Like others have said, it is not pre-loaded with a ton of useless software.
computer|Before I purchased this item I checked on what other people had written. I purchased it as a backup for my computer and it works great. I have no complaints.
computer|This is the second acer i have had, the first got droped to hard to be repaired It was fast and just a very good all around computer. I purchased a second one with the same specs. what a surprise, it is so slow, everything works but it runs at half the speed of my first one and i don't even have it loaded with all my stuff. Live and learn.
computer|This is a lovely laptop, it's my first one and I am very pleased with the speed, ease of use and the texture of back. It reminds me of waffles, tiny tiny waffles, and I love waffles.
computer|I bought this Acer laptop based on the good price and the good review I read on Amazon.However, after only having this computer for less than 2 weeks, it is already causing trouble.The main trouble is that the fan sound comes on every few minutes, even the computer is idle and not many programs are being run. I have barely installed anything on it.I believe Acer laptops are cheap quality. The noise is noticeable, and it would probably be disturbing in a public setting.Now that I have had this piece of junk computer, I don't even know if Amazon will let me return it given.I only bought it based on the reviews I heard at Amazon. But this fan noise is going to drive me crazy.I wish I could return it to Amazon and get my money back. I will never buy another Acer system again, no matter how cheap the price. You get what you pay for - this laptop is junk.
computer|I bought it to replace my HP Pavilion. So far it's been pretty disappointing. The first thing that annoyed me is that there is no contrast adjustment buttons, and after the computer goes to sleep and wakes up everything resets back to "burn-out-your-eyeballs" mode, so you have to go back and change the system settings every time.The screen is rather depressing. I attempted to watch movies on it, but if you deviate, if only a few degrees, from the proper viewing angle, it's pretty much game over, you can't see a thing... Audio starts getting fuzzy at full volume (which isn't even that loud) as well.After uploading some pictures from my vaca, it's the same story. What looks fantastic on a tiny camera screen, looks absolutely atrocious on the screen. And I've tried going into the color and display setting and messing with them for hours to no avail. It's just not gonna happen.So if you plan on watching movies on this, drawing, editing pictures, or pretty much anything but browsing, you can forget about it...
computer|good computer, feels good in the hand, and keyboard needs a little work, its not centered on the computer, so you will be typing on the computer thinkin that your hands are on the home key and you end up typing like this yjrt omrs dorm spft; the audio need works, i cant hear anything even when the volume is turned all the way up, but..... for the price you cant beat that, for an ACER.the screen is nice and large, and all i need it for is just mainly typing a few, documents and checking e mail. but if you are planning to get this to view alot of video (youtube, etc) forget it , get an external audio speakers, you will need it.
computer|I find this laptop easy to use, fast too!!! This is a great value for the money. Would recommend it to others.
computer|Pretty fast. The only real problem is the physical build quality. It's full of all these little gaps and holes that get dirty, and it's very hard to clean.
computer|I give the best score because it always has excellent performance as well as being beautiful and I can recommend it to anyone who wants a good, nice and cheap laptop.
computer|Is a great product and is a big price too! I have like 6 months using it and i can said that is a great great pc!
computer|Great last years model. Powerful fast and still uses windows 7. Very pleased. Quite and a large screen for viewing movies and streaming content.
computer|This is a very good laptop for the cost.Not alot of bells and such but I didnt want alot of bells.I will buy another to have around.
computer|I purchased this laptop a few months ago and thought I needed to get use to the keyboard. By now, I still have problems with the mouse moving without my realizing it and I am suddenly typing somewhere else in the document, or I have turned on the italics. Occasionaly, I will lose an email I am working on only to find it's hidden behind a new blank one. I can type fairly fast so I am often having to go back and fix things I didn't cause. Everthing else about the laptop is fine...boots up quickly, screen is great, sound is good and the battery lasts as advertised. I would not recommend this laptop to others, and will be more conscious of keyboard style when I purchase a new one.
computer|La recib&iacute; en excelentes condiciones.Funciona muy bien y hasta ahora no presenta ning&uacute;n tipo de detalle.Estoy satisfecha con la compra.
computer|I got two of these laptop for my cousins as a gift.. Time of arrival was good... Laptop works fine and it has all basic functioanlity .. if you are looking for something fancy this is not the item, but if you are looking for something for surfing internet or checking emails this is good choice.
computer|This is a great Laptop, it's fast and nice. I like how it feels and runs. It's definitely worth the price!
computer|This is a amazing laptop for its price but earlier today i reached for my water and hit the black bezel arround the screen (not hard like a light tap) it knocked it losse and i cant figure out how to get it back on. Very fragile be careful.
computer|Got this laptop in a very timely manner, great shape, no issues with this purchase at all. I think the screen size is perfect for a college student and it has everything I expected.
computer|Hi: Bought my first PC (Acer Netbook) couple of years ago & then a little over a year ago bought an Asus Netbook.....Both for the portability. This laptop is great for the price & for online banking, email & that sort of thing. Easy keyboard to use, great screen resolution & sound. Very happy with my first choice for a laptop!
computer|I purchased this laptop as a backup for my main laptop, which is a VERY expensive Sony Vaio (custom build). As a comparison between the two, the Sony is at least two pounds lighter. But the Acer really does the job. It's fast enough, and I'm not as worried about it when I take it traveling. It also has a full keyboard with a 10-key, which is a huge plus. I haven't used it to play games, but my son has used it to play online children's games (like Nick Junior) and it works fine for that. I'm really happy with this affordable laptop.
computer|very nice piece right here, was quite impressed with the performance for such a low price. Would recommend this to anyone needing a day to day laptop
computer|Excelente adquisicion, ligera, rapida y muy eficiente. magnifico display y colores. teclado muy comodo . Si comprara otra laptop seria marca Acer. Felicitaciones
computer|buy this equipment for its low price and good features and specifications, image, sound, wireless, reproduction, excellent, apart from being a laptop brand such as ecer, I recommend it.
computer|This is a great laptop for everyday use and fits basic needs like surfing the web and catching up on TV episodes. I'm currently using this laptop to create this review and love the soft keys and the way they type. It is fast and effient for light duty work but if you want to do more heavy work then you might want to expand the memory to 8 GB and upgrade the processor to an i3 or i5. This has great features for a laptop like this. The battery life is just over 3 hours and that is with the brightness turned up next to the last brightest setting. I'm sure if I put it to the lowest setting it would get the 4 hours that it says it offers. When I looked around I seen that the memory and hard drive space wasn't offered in most laptops under the $500 range. This does include about 15 garbage files on it and I just went to my computer and uninstall or change a program option and removed them within 10-15 minutes. But with most computers and laptops this is fairly common in mostly all computers so for me this really isn't a big deal. I also removed McAfee because I haven't had much luck with it and went for AVG free version for now at least that is far better. It does come with the basics as far as windows 7. And Acer has their own games like hp. But this is very good and I would recommend to anyone that is looking a great pc that will last and that is honestly well worth the price. And lastly, I purchased this from amazon for $379.99.
computer|It has a webcam, average sound but with my external speakers it still sounds amazing. keyboard got alittle used to getting adujetsed too but now im typing fine. The laptop build does not feel cheap at all. Feels sturdy and I think it will last a while. Computer runs fast, no lag when opening up programs or using the internet. Overall the pros outweigh the cons of this laptop. So if you are not looking to spend 500+ on a laptop this is a great buy. Best $360 I spent this year I think.
computer|This is a great laptop for students or people that dont need to run a business or anything off of it.One of the best things for me is that it is very sturdy. I've taken it all over and recently dropped a wrench on it while it was open, all that happened was a small nick in the left click button.One thing that isnt to good is its limited battery life. you can only run it for a few hours before it dies. But all in all, a good laptop for someone on a budget, who may abuse it a bit.
computer|I received my laptop and about 3 weeks in I had some problems (the operating system kept freezing/crashing). I was understandably upset, but didn't want to return to seller as, in the weeks before the problems, the laptop ran very well. I called Acer support and they were friendly, helpful and re-installed my OS within maybe 10 minutes on the phone. Honestly, much better than what I would expect from a customer service line.As for the laptop, it now runs very well. Fast enough for me to stream videos, play a game and be constantly loading new pages without issue. I would also like to point out that the keyboard is well-designed, and has all the functions I wanted, easily accessible. Charger is small, convenient for travel.The only con I've found in the last 5 weeks is that the battery is very awkward to get out/put in. Once I got the hang of it, it's been fine, but you have to have a pen in order to slide the release mechanism over, so if I was out and about somewhere without one, I wouldn't be able to take out my battery. Other than that, I love everything.
computer|I am a harsh critic when it comes to food or electronics some say I need a blog. I do however find this product to be of satisfactory 1. price 2. style 3. software 4. sound. Out of all computers that I have tested this one earns a second look.This computer has a bit of touch pad sensitivity problem and some bloat ware but I'm sure it can be turned around ACER earns a 3.6 no matter what. For the price its a go! I know what is going to be on my cyber Monday list. Best wishes on your search for that right one.
computer|I liked this computer very well for the 3 days that we had it prior to it crashing. Out of the blue it started making a clicking noise and then crashed. Would not boot back up, went to a blue screen that read no bootable data.
computer|Let me preface this with I'm wicked bad with technology, it took me a year to figure out I could interface my facebook with my phone. That being said, this laptop is very user friendly. I run a few basic programs on it, Itunes, Libreoffice, etc. . . No issues or complaints thus far. Make sure you get the insurance on it though, just in case!
computer|I bought this Acer Notebook computer about three weeks ago. I think it's a great computer for the price. Everything works well and it was very easy to set it up. I like the feel of the keyboard and the screen is clear and bright. I highly recommend this Acer Aspire computer.
computer|My fourth Acer product and still happy with all of them. This is a great little laptop for the money. Boots up quickly and runs well took off the bloats ware right away. Not for serious gaming or demanding software. Most people should find it suitable especially for under $400.
computer|this is the exact laptop i need (not for normal usage.)only i con i found out so far:HDD slot:it can fit in regular 2.5 inches HDDs, but not SSDs.im too lazy to post a picture, sorry,but trust me, u can put regular HDDs, not SSDs, because SSDs doesnt fit.
computer|WoW the screen is beautiful and large. The sound could be better but booting is nice and fast. Performance is ok out of the box.
computer|When opening up the unit I notice that the center of thescreen slightly bends. Over time, this is more than likelygoing to crack. The keys on the keyboard are securedby a a small piece of plastic in the center only so the keysbend when you don't place your finger directly on top ofthe key. The keyboard is shifted to the left to make roomfor the number keys at the right. My left hand doesn't haveany room to rest and I am constantly having to check mytyping because the mouse will move somewhere whereits not suppose to be every time my hand touches thetouch pad. My old acer never had this problem and I wouldadvise anyone looking for a laptop to make sure the touchpad(and keyboard) is centered properly. I even had troublejust typing this rating!!
computer|It does everything I need it to do, no delays in the system and updates regularly and automatically. It's great.
computer|Overall good laptop. The only issue I've had with it is that the touch keypad is very sensitive. Its been frustrating typing something because the slightest touch and the curser jumps to another place on the screen. Other than that it has run smoothly and I am happy with the product.
computer|I needed a budget laptop to use for school work and I'd give this laptop 5 stars if it wasn't because of the keyboard and "mouse".Every time I type the curser jumps to somewhere other than where I am writing and continues there. I type without looking and when I look I have typed over something else and my text is a mess. It's like the curser decides itself where it wants to type. I don't get what is up with the keyboard or the "mouse". I have never had this happen on any other computer before.This has caused me a lot of precious time.If I knew just how bad this was, I wouldn't get this computer again. Just typing this took forever!!!
computer|great computer at a great price!!!!!! i recommend this item to every one who is in need of a new laptop..
computer|Wanted a budget system that can do the basics. This laptop is ideal for the job. Runs well for a low cost system. No complaints.
computer|I've owned this for a bit over 6 months now and I still love it. It is booted and ready to go within a few seconds, goes to sleep quickly, I love the Microsoft Word starter program. It's all I really need, so that saved me some money. I did not have to shell out $120 plus for Microsoft Office. Mine arrived in perfect condition, and is the fastest computer I've ever owned. The battery does lose power fast (in about 3 hours), but I keep it plugged in all the time anyway, so that's not really an issue for me. I also love that it did not come preloaded with all the extraneous stuff (useless crap) all my other computers have had, like that useless Microsoft Works program, and the financial accounting program, it has just what you need to word process and get online.
computer|I got the Acer last month. So far, I like it. It starts up fast and everything works fine. I have had no problems so far. The web-cam has to be used in a well lit area for it to take a good pictures tho.
computer|Purchased 6/18/12, five months later 11/19/12 the hard drive crashed. Acer requires customer to pay for shipping for all warranty repairs and you'll need to follow their guideline on how to pack or they'll not accept it for repair work. Cost me $45 to Fedex to their facility in Texas. Expect 7 to !0 business days for them to repair, so with shipping time that's 3-4 weeks no computer every time you need repairs. Out of 12 month warranty you'll have it 11 or less if more repair is needed. Price was good initially, but the repair/service will cost you. Better to pay more and service like Dell gives.
computer|I purchased this item for my granddaughter, who is a freshman college student. I researched lots of brands before I settled on this one. I was kind of apprehensive, because I couldn't actually see or feel it, before buying. However, it's great and for the money you can't beat it. The instructions were easy to follow and setup was a breeze. My granddaughter loves it. It has dolby stereo and is in HD. She says the color could be sharper, but she was able to load her music aps for class and says it starts up and loads quickly. No problem with freezing and the battery life is great. I'm thinking about getting one for myself.
computer|This was a great choice for my son who is going to college. Did not want a small laptop because he is a big guy with large hands which would have made it hard to use the keys.
computer|This was for my son for school and he loves it. The price was great and all the features were just what he wanted.
computer|I've had this laptop for about a week now, and I love it. It shipped in good time, in perfect condition and with no issues. It works like a dream and boots up really fast! I love that it didn't come with a ton of crap pre-installed programs. Everything it came with are things that I actually use, except one, the clear.fi, but I may look into this further and may use it. I immediately downloaded my Norton antivirus before doing anything else with it to make sure it stays working so fast and well. I love the price for this laptop as well, it is an amazingly low price for a laptop that literally has every spec I was looking for. This is a great buy, you can't go wrong!
computer|Desiring a second laptop for home use, I was hesitant about a low-priced unit like the Acer but was convinced to try one after reading many favorable reports - - and after realizing another laptop in contention was nearly $200 more. After several weeks of use, the Acer has not disappointed. Setup was easy, including networking with our other laptop. All programs are running flawlessly and reasonably fast. To date, the Acer has proved to be a bargain.
computer|This laptop is great! It has all the features I care about (HDMI, dedicated numeric keypad, Windows 7, SD Card Reader, optical drive) and the price is dead on. I had bought an Acer previously and fell in love with the brand. That computer was unfortunately stolen from my apartment but this laptop was an excellent replacement! The only cons are a few that I believe others have mentioned: there is no CAPS light and the speaker quality is only so-so. I would highly recommend this laptop to anyone looking to buy for personal use.
computer|With 4G of memory and a big disk this is a great laptop expecially for the price. The only thing that is missing is bluetooth - the product description, of course, doesn't tell you what it does not have so I had to flail around some trying to make bluetooth work before I figured out it must not have the hardware. Not a big deal to me so I still love the system.
computer|I bought this for my wife, who is slow to embrace technology although she is more than capable. I'm the techie in the family, and I wish I had bought this for myself! More than enough hard drive space, super fast with 4g of RAM and elegant looks and feel. The keyboard is very comfortable to the touch and I just love the dedicated numeric pad (I don't get why all laptops can't have this.) I installed some necessary software and they all function flawlessly. For $379, this is really hard to beat. I'm not crazy about touch-pads in general (they seem awkwardly placed to me), but this one seems to work fine. I did us a favor and bought the a Microsoft Explorer Mini Mouse to bypass the weirdness. This is my second Acer purchase and I have no regrets. VERY happy with my purchase. The only complaint I have is that now I need to buy one for myself...
computer|This turned out to be a fine purchase. The Acer has been just great. I bought it to replace my netbook, which after five years was just too small and too slow for my needs. This baby is larger and very quick. I love it. Speedy and responsive.
computer|I love acer and have had a couple in the past; I have always wanted a sony of comparable size mainly due to the name, but could someone with experience with both tell me: is sony a better product?Otherwise, love acer and cannot say enough good about it! 5 of 5
computer|Please do not buy an Acer product. I have had nothing but trouble with my Acer Aspire laptop which is now unusable. I bought an Acer Aspire laptop last year and at first it started having booting issues like these:[...]And then when called customer service and these testimonials couldn't be more spot on, in particular the review dated 10/13/2012 by Jodie...and other reviews[...]Long story short I got the cds but they did not work due to a problem that has happened before...[...]I switched over to ubuntu but the wireless Broadcom card continued to have problems on and off.And then my computer stopped booting altogether. First began as this...[...]and it would also boot in circles where the logo would appear but would not load and then go back to the logo...Please think before buying an Acer. I know for the price it sounds very enticing...for the specs, it is great. But the bottom line is this. What good is a $500 laptop with 4gb ram, 640gb hard drive, windows 7, dvd, wifi, webcam, etc. if it stops working after your year warranty is up? I sent Acer an email and have not heard back. If I can persuade one person not to make the same mistake I did, I would be happy.
computer|I've had this laptop for a month now and love it. I use it mainly for email, surfing the web, just daily "stuff" and nothing elaborate, no spreadsheets/powerpoint or anything like that. It's user friendly, easy to set up, fast and a perfect size. I couldn't be happier with my purchase! It suits my needs perfectly and was a great bargain through Amazon.
computer|Truly impressed with this laptop and all its capabilities. I was finally able to utilize skype and I must tell you this laptop has thus far exceeded my expectations! It was packaged very well and its delivery was sooner than expected as is with all products I have purchased via Amazon.
computer|Bought the Acer for a great price on Amazon, the price dropped a couple of days later and Amazon honored the new price.The Acer is a fantastic lap-top faster than I thought it would be and looks great.The other surprise is the battery life lasts all day.Looking to buy another for my daughter.
computer|I purchased this for a client who needed a laptop replacement (from an older Asus).I worked with it before delivering it to him and was impressed at how fast boot ups and shutdowns went.It's stylish and light. I liked the feel of the keyboard.I called the client recently to see how he was liking the laptop and he was extremely please and blown away that he got it for under $400.I recommend this for a budget, daily-use laptop.
computer|Very good laptop for the price. Starter Excel and Office were a surprise and a money saver for me - compatible with my work computer. One small issue is that the CD tray keeps opening every time I bump the little "open tray" button that sticks out.But all in all just what I was looking for.
computer|I have purchased 6 of these... shhh... don't tell my husband... lol I just bought another one for him but... I'm sure he won't have an issue with that purchase. He broke his last laptop... he blamed the cats but... I know the truth. I did purchase him a desktop previously but he likes being able to take his computer with him and sit on the couch to pay bills so I replaced his laptop with this one. I currently have two on my desk and my son has one. I have replaced two of these in the last year. I keep two laptops for myself at all times for my personal use. It's a good laptop for light use, i.e. school work, surfing the net, and the like. It's not good for heavy use and people who never turn it off... like I do. I live on facebook and play games a lot. I just replace them now and am like... what? new computer? This old thing? I buy them off QVC with flexpay payments which are awesome for sneaking new laptops into the house.I really like the widescreen on the laptop, I watch a lot of netflix and this screen is really good for watching movies. I take these laptops with us on trips and the kids watch movies on them and they love it.I also enjoy having the number keypad which you don't get on non-widescreen 15.6 inch laptops.So, if you are a big time gamer... this would not be a good laptop for you.This is a nice little laptop at a good price when compared to other similar models with different name brands. And you don't usually see the 15.6 in the widescreen which is also nice. It's also very easy to set up, just follow the on screen directions when you turn it on. These things are pretty durable too, I frequently fall asleep watching a movie on it and will kick it off the bed while sleeping and it has taken a beating and kept on ticking. I cannot even begin to guess how many times I've knocked it on the floor.So if you were thinking about buying one for a child that you weren't sure could be responsible for it, this would be a good one to start them off with.
computer|I gave this computer to my daughter and after 2 days the caps on the keys started coming off. Called Amazon and sent it back for a full refund.Talked to employees @ Office Depot & Best Buy and they have heard of same complaints. I sure don't blame Amazon for this. They were excellent in handling the return. Thanks Amazon!!!!!
computer|Over all, its okay.... battery did not last long as it says it supposed to, the part that I REALLY HATE THE MOST is the power button where it is located.. Everytime i move the screen back & fort, i always touch and accidentally press the button which most of the time I lost the documents im working on..
computer|I have owned many high end laptops, but none as good as this one. I have had it over a year and has worked perfect the whole time. Super great bargin for anyone. I will buy another one if anything ever happens to this one..The only thing that I have not liked is the sound, not good at all.
computer|This was a present for my boyfriend and he absolutely loves it and it works great :-) i'm very satisfied the battery life is great its slim and lighweight I would recommend this for a good every day computer
computer|I decided to try the Acer brand because I wanted a budget friendly laptop and we have a 6 year old eMachines computer that just won't die. It's been reformatted at least twice and still runs pretty darn well!If you're like me, you're not up on all the latest tech-lingo and just want a laptop to surf the internet, play a few videos, maybe some music and run microsoft office. This will fit the bill just fine. It starts up rather quickly compared to our Dell (even when it was new). The screen is big and crisp. I have two (somewhat minor, but annoying) problems with this machine. 1. if you have anything in the USB and pick it up, you'll likely shut it off by accident. You don't really have to hold down the power button for any length of time and if you hold the computer near the screen on the left side, you'll shut it down. 2. The multi function touch pad is great when it works, but I have more issues of sliding around screens and zoomign things I didn't want zoomed necessarily.Pros:Numeric pad on side (HATED having to use the numbers above the letters)Big enough screen that you don't have to toggle aroundClear pictureZoom function on touch padDoes what it needs toDoesn't come loaded with TOO much extra junk to deleteOther than the CD/DVD drive, it's really quiet and doesn't get too warmProfile is pretty slim and crisp, doesn't feel clunky.Cons:Easy to shut down by accidentMulti function touch pad issuesCD drive is a bit noisy, but who really cares?So basically, if you're looking for a basic laptop for homework and general home use, this will fit the bill quite well. Spend a few extra buck and double your memory with this particular Acer model.
computer|I am an early college/high school student and this computer is a great deal. It comes with 4GBs of RAM, which is more than enough for typing up reports, watching Netflix, and light gaming.Pros:* Lightweight* Solid battery life (3.5 hours for me)* Comfortable keyboard (also comes with a full numberpad on the right side)* Bright screen, not too glossy... No annoying reflections* Very good sound quality. Great for watching movies* Great processor - Photoshop CS6 Extended runs smoothly and without any lagging :D* Boots up/shuts down quicklyCons:* Trackpad is solid, but takes some getting used too. It's a little slippery* Annoying beep whenever the cord is plugged in or taken out--not too loud, but still annoying* Outer finish of laptop lid attracts fingerprints (but no scratches)Overall, I would recommend this product highly. I have had no major problems with it. Registering the product with Acer was really easy. I would buy this computer again.
computer|It does what I need. If you're like me and mostly use the computer to browse the internet, order things on amazon and download music for your ipod, then this is a great computer. If you're a nerd who is into graphic design and clocks the speed down to the millisecond on how fast a page loads then go buy a $1200 laptop. Cause you'll probably find something to complain about about this computer. But for me and most other normal people its perfect. You won't beat it for the price.
computer|Couldnt be better purchase for the money. It honestly should be a $700 computer. I stream movies every night at blazing speeds an no problems. Clear, fast and really big but light. Just awesome.
computer|I am not a computer geek. Just know the basics and how to manage files, surf the net, etc. I bought this computer based on Amazon reviews. I was looking for:- decent web cam (this is only about 1.3 megapixels, but better than others in this price range)- good internal memory (4GB DDR3 Memory)- decent HD (500GB)- sufficient USB and HDMI ports (3/1)Comes with a Intel® Pentium® Processor B940 (2.0GHz, 2MB L3 cache) which means nothing to me, but I can tell you that it is sufficient for daily surfing, Microsoft office, etc.I think it is probably the best buy for the money. My wife just bought one as well, although she purchased on Newegg due to lower price and no tax.
computer|battery life isnt so bad, browsing the web gets me around 4hrs or less. keyboard not bad, sound and touchpad utilities are good. screen is good. graphics card is pretty decent. with the right codecs you can play pretty much any hd video file on this laptop. and it has hdmi out. good deal.
computer|I've only had this laptop a few days and so far I really like it. I was looking for a cheaper laptop that I can travel with and not be out a bunch of money if it gets broken. Since I will use it during travel, I will use the webcam to talk to the family at home and the 1.3 pixels is much better than any laptop in this price range. I also chose this laptop over the slightly-more expensive quad core Acer's because I will not be using the laptop for gaming. It runs fast and looks great. The only complaint I have is that it has Dolby "Virtual Surround Sound" and it really isn't that great. It's not terrible though so it doesn't really bother me. I'll update if I run into any issues! I have another laptop, Toshiba, but paid $200 and there's not a big difference!
computer|I received the item on a Wednesday, and by Sunday it was no longer working. I never did anything strange with it, didn't damage it, never dropped it. It never even left the desk! Next thing you know it just won't turn on. I'd press the power button, the fan would start up and some indicator lights would come on and 3 seconds later it was off again. If I tried this while it was plugged in it would just do the same thing over and over and over and over again. I tried all the little tips and tricks for static build-up and every other fix I could find online. Finally managed to track down the customer service number (on their website they want you to pay $100+ to sign up for a support program) and after a few tests the operator determined it was dead. BS! Don't buy it!!
computer|Great low cost laptop that more than meets my needs. A 500GB Harddrive, DVDRW (8x Pioneer), and multicard reader round out the storage devices. The 15.6 inch LCD screen which is crisp and very readable is also backlight. The CPU is a Intel dual core 2.0GHZ. Overall its a fast booting machine, running Windows 7 Home Premimun, that has cut many of my tasks in half. For instance a video conversion that took one hour to complete now takes only 30 minutes or less. It runs many of my xp 32 bit prograns right out of the box. I like the mesh texture of this laptop compared to my other Acer laptop which is smooth. The keyboard has a seperate numeric key pad and is nearly the same size as a normal desktop PC. It is easy to type on and i like the feedback i get from it when i type. I have been getting at least 4.5 hours or more out of the battery so battery life hasnt been a issue. I only have 4GB ram but i am going add another 4GB, to take it to the maximum of 8GB. If you are looking for a laptop that meets basic needs such as surfing the net, office productivity, play games. Or complex tasks such as video conversion and give you the most bang for the dollar then this laptop is what you are looking for.
computer|Great buy for an everyday computer. No frills, all the essentials you need for your everyday needs. When I ve bought it the price was a little lower, but even today it s OK.
computer|The reviews were mixed on this equipment. It's an inexpensive computer and it may be that some expectations were out of line but here are our first thoughts.One person called this a "starter. That is inaccurate in our opinion. This is a basic but extremely attractive piece of equipment. The system is very stable and the Windows version is more than adequate, really. We bought this to use AutoCad and to do design. That alone, takes over a Gig of memory and this computer handles it just fine with almost three Gigs to spare. It could be quicker but in reality the difference with another Gig of Ram probably wouldn't matter much. Everything loaded like a champ. No problems. The mini-me Word program may have to go but we'll see. Wifi works well. DVD works well. The screen is quite nice for the price and the computer has plenty of oumph to play movies and handle other media such as YouTube. I've had more expensive equipment that didn't perform nearly as well.The computer looks good and has a very nice finish that makes it look more expensive than it is. The keyboard is very much to our liking but it should be said that some prefer a more traditional feel perhaps.Battery life looks to be around four hours. If you need more, this isn't the computer for you. If that's not an issue then this is a reasonably light-weight 15"screen.It gets three and a half stars (four stars for the price) and we would recommend it to most anyone who needs a solid, basic piece of equipment.UPDATESix months later and we have bought another of these for a friend. The equipment is solid and has performed beyond expectations. Good wifi, pretty well made and a good feel. We recommend. We've given it an extra star because it is a better computer than you would think for the price.
computer|A good price on a nice computer, works good for surfing the web. We store pictures and do some word processing with it, also took on vacation and watched some movies at night. Works great, glad I got it after having trouble with a gateway I purchased less than 2 years ago. This looks to be a keeper!
computer|This laptop dabbles in every area. I can play Minecraft on short render distance and DayZ on poor quality (as if ARMA II had anything to look at) and not have any problems despite the bargain bin graphics card in this laptop. I have also been able to download and use software for schooling without any difficulty. With 4 gigs of RAM YouTube and just web surfing are easy. And with five friggin hundred gigs of core memory I will be able to hold my entire music library for the next twenty years and still have space left over. The screen is huge for the cost. Its hardware however is outdated. It lacks USB 3.0 and Bluetooth but these are not deal breakers. The battery is underpowered so this might disenchant some buyers but for the price it is to be expected. The design is very simple and the only complaint is the easily bump-able power button in the corner that can easily be hit if you miss the escape key. The buttons functionality once the computer is on however can be toggled in the control panel if you search "power options." But the point of this laptop is to have a computer when you need one. It is not dedicated to business or entertainment but can perform both well enough for the budget consumer.
computer|I ordered this computer after having our home PC and our laptop die. Our home PC was an HP and my son had a Dell laptop. I couldn't be happier with the Acer Aspire. I ordered Monday of this week and with my Prime membership it was delivered on Tuesday. I was set up out of the box and onto the internet in about 10 minutes. I love the keys. My kids love the feel of the keys. The power switch is not a problem. I watched a movie last night that I ordered via Netflix streaming and the picture was beautiful. There was no freezing. No delay or skipping and it downloaded from Netflix in about 6-7 seconds. The sound out of the speakers is fair but I used a set of high quality headphones and the sound was crisp and rich. I will purchase a set of high quality speakers to plug into the laptop in the future. My kids have lots of music on itunes that they enjoy listening to and the speakers are necessary for this laptop. I am very pleased with this purchase. My mother in law needed a laptop as well- her first home computer- and I talked her into this one. She has not received hers yet as she doesn't have Prime and opted for standard shipping. I am considering buying a couple more for my kids-two Seniors in high school and a junior. I am going to give this computer about a month so I can determine if we are still happy with the performance, picture, sound, etc.
computer|i now have 1.5 years with this laptop, and to tell you the truth i don't even know it am doing a review on the same exact model, but all i know is that they look identical. I am gonna keep it short and get to it:Battery: the battery is absolutely horrible on mine. i get at least 1 minute without it being connect to the charger. This has been an issue since the first month of owning it, i never get more than one minute of battery life while unplugged. I always have to keep it connected or it will just die.Design: design is decent but not at all sleek. the material is nice, plastic, but not bad at all. I dropped this laptop at least 2 times on my carpet floor with concrete underneath, it survived. My mother threw a yellow book at it and one key loosened up and detached. The keys can be weak and cheap. The laptop; although it is a 15 inch, it is still pretty bulky and heavy.Software: windows 7 runs really smooth on this acer. I recently installed windows 8 the release preview, and it's still running very smooth.Conclusion: A decent laptop for under $300 (when i bought it, it was above $400). it is more like a semi-portable "all in one" -"laptop" hybrid. It isn't the ideal laptop of choice for portability, but more of a take it from room A to room B, and consider the really bad battery life. I don't hate it and don't plan on upgrading, not until it starts acting up. This laptop would be a good at home-family computer.
computer|I searched for the best option price/quality for a laptop that i could find, and i found it, the only problem was the battery life, no big deal. So i bought it to replace my pavillion DV6, by the way a piece of junk, the video died completely just after the garanty expired. To make the history short, when the brand new laptop arrived, i turned it on and followed the process to start it, when i got to the step, type your user's name, i could type nothing, what a beautiful surprise!, so i had to take the laptop to the service shop, it turned out the keyboard was unplugged. Not a nice moment to find out that your new laptop doesnt write anything.
computer|This product seems to be pretty good. It took me quite a while to get used to it as I had previously used only a desk top computer. But, after a while the nuances became clear and I was able to navigate fairly easily.
computer|Works great, DUH DUH, DUH,DUH, DUH, DUH, DUH, ++++ +++ +++ +++ +++ +++ +++ +++ +++ +++ +++ ++
computer|Esta computadora es muy liviana y c&oacute;moda de llevar, ademas de tener un dise&ntilde;o serio el cual me gusto mucho.
computer|My ancient desktop was on its last leg & I wanted a more portable model. Chose this model for its excellent reviews, size and price. I am extremely pleased with my choice and I love it! Has all the features I need or want.
computer|Ok, hope this review saves at least 1 person the headache I went through.The laptop arrived on time and what not. So I'm excited to play with my new toy right? I got online, and downloaded TWO things - Chrome and Dropbox.The laptop from there on literally went DEAD. It just wouldn't do anything else. It slowed down to a crawling, crawling pace.So I find Acer customer service (of course got somebody in India, which is understandable, Acer isn't an American product, but whatever).I get on with this nice lady who starts diagnosing my laptop by connecting to my laptop remotely (you know how they do that thing where they send you some file to download that allows them to access your computer from wherever).Oh but right after that, she asks me if there are any other computers connected to my network. Little gullible me! I tell her about the other 4 computers. So she tells me it must be that our wireless network is infected with viruses, and it must be the one infecting the new computer. She asks if she can access another computer just to check.So little stupid gullible me - I let her into my old laptop. She goes in there and finds zillions of viruses. She exclaims - you see! I told you, your network is infected!!!And then she proceeds to tell me that in order for my Acer to have a chance at working, I need to buy this protection plan from them that will protect all 4 of my comps. She claims that even if I get another laptop, I'll have the same issues. What do I know about computers? She even went as far as to say the printer had viruses as well! I'm just going along believing she's my savior and lord. The price tag? $700 a year. Is the protection plan for them to remove the viruses and protect my wireless network as well as my other comps.My only saving grace? My husband is a programmer. He came home, I told him the whole story. He immediately smelled b/s, since he knows our network is incredibly well protected. Plus the fact that we hadn't had trouble with the other computers. I had told these Acer customer service girl she had to get on the phone with him, and explain the story of what's wrong to him, as I can't make a decision about our network without his consent.All this time she'd been very confidently telling me what's wrong. When she heard my man was a programmer, I could literally hear her hold her breath on the other end of the phone, like she was disappointed. When he was available to get on the phone with her, she immediately put him on through to her manager. Probably more like the person who's perfected the art of lying even to software professionals.As soon as my guy got on the phone with him, I could see him laughing hysterically inside as he listened to Acer customer service spill his b/s lies. Then my guy told him he wouldn't pay for any kind of virus protection as all the "viruses" that had shown up looked like b/s made up stuff. The Acer guy cut him off and disconnected the chat line. Remember they have the whole thing set up on their end, so when they disconnect you, you have NO record of the chat. And you can't do anything because they're controlling your mouse. The only thing you can do is refuse to for them to connect their b.s. program to you.Anyway, long story short. I decided I wasn't going to waste any more time with Acer. I returned the POS to Amazon. Luckily, amazon is really good at refunding -their refund process is very streamlined and customer-friendly. I had my refund within 3 days of them receiving the computer.This happened last week by the way. My guy immediately bought me a Samsung from some other place I shall not mention here. The thing is, the problem isn't amazon. The problem is Acer. You're really not saving much with Acer anyway. What $20, $30 maybe? Get one of the well known American brands, like Dell or even HP. Or one of the well known brands like Toshiba. I got a Samsung right after I returned the Acer and I'm very very happy with it. And the laughable part? It connected and worked perfectly well without us making any changes to the wireless network.People - save yourself the headache. Above all, if you insist on buying Acer and it doesn't work, don't bother calling their customer service unless you're ready to be schemed of more money than the computer cost. Just return it to Amazon.Truly these guys have develop
computer|Awesome computer, fast, cheap, great features. I give it 5 stars. Minor inconveniences that some may want to consider is that the power on/off button is on the top left part of the keyboard, which leads to unwanted shutdowns if you grab it wrong. The pinch feature on the touchpad is not as responsive at the right times as I was hoping but other than that, its a good computer. I can't stop using it! By far the best electronics purchase I've ever made.Also, installed an extra 4gb of memory into the system with the kingston 4gb RAM module recommended below on the computer's page.
computer|Acer laptop would not stay connected to a Cisco router(no other computer has ever had a problem) The manual that comes with it has no company web site address or tech support phone number. After finally tracking down a tech support number they told me that they only warranty the hardware on this 1 week old laptop(not the software loaded on it) and that i would have to pay $129.99 to "learn' how to connect to the internet. i HAVE NEVER HAD THIS PROBLEM WITH ANY OTHER BRAND OF COMPUTER THAT I HAVE PURCHASED. i RETURNED IT THE NEXT DAY!
computer|Was looking for a replacement laptop as my other one finally bit the dust. Searched around for a while for one that had good specs and came upon this one. Read other reviews for it and decided to take the plunge. Very very happy I did. Windows 7, more than enough room on the hard drive, RAM was good and it is upgradeable. Intergrated camera is better than ones that cost double the price. Would definitely recommend to someone looking for a laptop replacement.
computer|When I decided to buy a new laptop I set a few minimum requirements and then went for as fast a unit as I could get that was above those minimums and within my budget. This Acer was as fast as units that cost $150-200 more. Unless you have a burning desire for Windows 8, this is the laptop to buy.
computer|Disappointing!I used this computer for less than 5 months, and all the usb ports are unusable. They failed all together at the same time. I am from Venezuela and there is neither technical support nor a representative office.The problem is the motherboard. I do not recommend ACER.When checking in google for any solutions, I found a lot of people reporting the same problem.
computer|I have bought Acer models previously, and have not experienced problems with them. It was a disappointment when my AS5750Z appeared, with several problems or otherwise poor features. The chiclet keyboard was an unpleasant surprise--I had thought these were obsolete. More problematic was the boot behavior of the machine...it was often extremely slow, or even completely unsuccessful. I returned this machine to Amazon after 14 days of attempted use, and this review should be taken as strong praise for the Amazon return procedure, not so much as criticism of the Acer machines.
computer|I bought a gateway 15.6 320GB laptop for $250 at target and exchanged it because it was TOO SLOW. Now I have the ACER 15.6 inch 500GB model 5750Z-4835 for $350. Big diffrence in viewing videos on you tube and all around opening new windows and searches. It's worth the $100 diffrence. Just the HDMI and the 500GB is worth the extra money and it's still under $400 for a 500GB Intel Pentium lap top, also the battery last about 5 1/2 hours and it's got a really cool look.
computer|I am very unhappy with this product. Since it had fairly good reviews and a good price I decided to purchase it. Only a few weeks after the purchase the touchpad and the cooling fan stopped working. After getting it repaired the laptop started shutting down randomly. Since I still have a warranty on it I sent it to out to get it fixed. After a few weeks I got call from acer telling me i had to buy the recovery disc because they replaced the whole harddrive and I had lost all my data. I didnt understand why I had to spend MY MONEY on something that they had clearly done wrong. Why dont they just send me a new laptop instead of removing the whole hard drive and wasting so much time trying to repair it. So no its been about a month since I sent it out to get fixed and its still not fixed. I would recommend EVERYONE not to buy from acer EVER!
computer|Though, most of the reviews for this laptop were positive, I had my misgivings about buying a laptop for such a low price. However, I already own an Acer Aspire laptop model 5570-2067 that I've had for 4-1/2 years since September 2007. Despite the Vista Operating System that came with it, I love the Acer laptop. I hate Vista. To put it plainly, Vista is a dud, a lemon, and not worth anything. Long live XP. Until...Now, Windows 7 Home Premium on this laptop, on the other hand is a great operating system. Having owned this computer for just two weeks, I really can't say too much about it, but already I've seen a big difference between the Acer with Vista and this one with Win 7. Even with just 4GB RAM, this laptop and OS is simple to use and fast to boot up, run, surf the net and shut down. I have no regrets about this purchase.There is some bloatware on it, i.e. a 60-day Trial of McAfee Internet Security Suite Trial, Norton 30 day Trial for Online Backup, Acer Games to try, etc. I considered purchasing the McAfee Suite until I read a number of negative reviews for its inability at preventing and removing Viruses and Malware. The other stuff I'll take off once I'm sure everything is up and running. After I know that all is well, I'm going to upgrade the RAM to 8GB max. This is a 64bit system. There are three USB ports, two are 2.0 and one is combination 2.0 and ready for 3.0. This is an effortless laptop to operate. Unlike my Acer Vista with 160GB RAM that has two HDDs. This system has one large 500GB HDD, which I prefer. It does what it is supposed to do and nowadays that says a great deal. If you're interested in a robust laptop that won't cost the proverbial arm and leg, this is one I can recommend without reservation.The only real negatives I encountered was temporary. The mouse is not centered, it s more to the left of the keyboard and a numeric keyboard takes up a big portion of the keyboard on the right side. It was annoying at first, but after a couple of days of use, I became accustomed to it. Of course, there is also the battery life. Marketing says that it has 4.5 hours of battery life, but I haven't seen it. The most I was able to get out of it was 2.5 hours.
computer|I just bought this laptop and although I like the hardware, it does have a few minor parts. Not a bad thing just things I would like to point out. So I'll try to keep this brief and useful.Pros1. Has space for 8gigs of ram. Mine came with four and I already had another four, so now I have a total of 8 gigs on it. Four should work just fine, I just happened to have the extra four. My old laptop only has 2 and I still use it.2. 1.3 mega pixel camera, seems to work great in low lighting as the lights are low in my room.3. Nice clear screen and gestures on the pad for zooming in and out on web pages is nice. Still haven't figured out how to use the other gestures.4. Gigabit network jack, and b/g/n wireless built in.5. I paid just over 300 bucks which was the reason I got it. It was on special at flys so it was hard to ignore it. So I got this for my dad to use since the old dell died. I also didn't want to spend more than this on a laptop now after I spent over 2k for my old sony years ago.These are just the main 3 positive points I can think of at the moment but I'll update later. The rest of the hardware seems to work well.Cons1. The battery only shows 3 hours. I have it unplugged right now and now it shows 2 hours after about 20 minutes. So this is a big downer if you need to travel.2. This one has no bluetooth, usb 3.0, or finger reader. I love the finger reader on my sony because I don't have to keep typing the login all the time, but I will not buy another sony again due to their proprietary downloads. Makes it hell trying to keep it updated and they never update anything either.3. Windows home not pro, but I know it would add more to the price, so just a preference.4. Weights more than a Toshiba I bought for someone else with the same size screen. Love that light weight on that Toshiba but only had 4 megs maximum.5. The one other thing that really drives me crazy and that I am not a fan of are the chiclet keyboards. But I'll coin this one today too...this model comes with a mushroom chiclet type of keyboard. Basically each key looks like it stands by itself, and each one is flat. Personally I hate flat keys, I prefer the dented or concave keys so you can actually feel where the key is. I don't know why they keep doing this, but I just thought I point this out because this is why I still prefer to use my desktop over my laptops. So I only use them when I really have to go somewhere.I only give it 3 stars due to the battery time. One of the most important parts of any laptop, but take that aside and the laptop hardware is pretty good. So even with the cons I would still get one again if I had to, at the lower price that is. As someone else mentioned, technology moves so fast, it's not worth putting more than I need to on these things.OtherJust uninstall the trial Microsoft office, download Libreoffice and you got an office suite, add your printer and you're good to go.I have also updated everything on the os and changed the shutdown button to lock, but when I hit the power button, the darn laptop still shutsdown. I accidentally hit the power button on the left corner and shut it down. So yes, I rather these buttons be farther in or middle to prevent accidental power offs. I also don't care for the plug on either side, I like them behind the laptop, but it is what it is. At least this one is near the rear corner and not in the middle like the asus laptop they had on special today.Here are the Acer specifications...[...]Update...the power option for the button is under the battery settings, so it can be changed to lock instead of power off in case you hit the power button accidentaly. So this took care of this problem for me.Update August 25, 2012Since I started using the laptop and because I carry this with me and move around quite a bit I have found a couple of things that don't work too well if you have to go out to different sites.1. Having the power button on the top left edge is just bad.2. Having the power cord on the same top left corner adds to this.3. The network jack next to the power cord is horrible as I have to use a wire to test things. This is tough since it's next to the power so it's hard to get the wire in and out as I may have to do this a few times at one location and many times throughout the day.-Now because the power cord is on the left I usually set my computer on the floor on one side and not flat, which means I have to use the right side and the problem is that the cd rom will just pop out as soon as the button hits anything but I have no choice but to use this side. Needless to say the drive came out the first time I was about to do this and almost broke it, so I just use tape over it and don't even close it all the way in since it just pops out with the lightest touch due to that button sticking out of the drive. Also because of this, I have to hold the laptop on the left side which I then end up pushing the power button because that's exactly where you put your thumb to hold it. This has made it a pain to use this laptop on the field. If you don't have to move it around much, it works fine, but these minor things get in the way fairly quickly on this model.
computer|I bought 2 of these laptops to give to people i tested them before handing them over these laptops it boots very fast and shuts down just as quickly not much bloat ware and comes with Skype and Microsoft office pre loaded received no complaints at all from those that received it just ordered another and 2 different brands ones for testing, for the price its worth it, not much to complain about.
computer|I bought this laptop last Thursday while it was on sale at Fry's Electronics. It's got some flaws but it's great for being $300. I like that it has a numeric keypad which I really missed on my old Dell laptop but that shifts the keyboard about 1 key to the left. It took me a little while to get the hang of it but now I usually have my hands in the right position for typing. It boots up quickly. I did have some lag multitasking - multiple tabs open in firefox, spotify, and a hidden object game running. It only lag while I was searching for music on spotify. Everything worked fine if I'm just streaming music. I love love love the battery life compare to my old laptop. I get at least 4 hours per charge. It also doesn't overheat like crazy (I got burns from my old one). I had really wanted to get a tablet but that's mostly just a bigger version of my smartphone without the phone so since the laptop was on sale I used the money on this instead. It's not that heavy and I use this on the couch while watching netflix on my TV. In conclusion, I think I made a good purchase and I dont regret not saving my money for a tablet. Will update review if needed.Update 5/25/12:Still doing ok. I did notice that it lag a bit when my antivirus was updating but no biggie. I had forgotten to mention I couldn't find a physical volume control button which can be slightly annoying when I decide to change volume in the midst of a full screen game. However, lazy old me finally decide to take a closer look at the keyboard and voila. I just need to hold down the "Fn" key while using the up and down arrows. There's also a nice pause key which is also the Home key. Please do not accidentally disable your touchpad like I did trying out the F buttons. I also tried the webcam. It's really clear even in low lighting not like one I had in the prehistoric ages =]The touchpad is a little finicky. So there's an up and down scrolling area on the right side of it which works great. There's apparently an invisible left and right scrolling area on the bottom. The problem is that the area isn't clearly define and I could be quite far from the bottom edge when the scrolling kicks in. It made me keep losing my page while reading an e-book on amazon's cloud reader. I guess you can always plug in a mouse if you're doing work where this would be a problem.Update 6/12/12:I figured out the touchpad side scrolling issue. Go to the trackpad icon on the taskbar. Under the Elan tab on mouse properties you click options. That will show you the different gestures you can use. Click on edge scrolling and uncheck horizontal.I haven't had the issue of the cd drive popping out like others have. It's only done it once even with me holding it on the side and sometimes leaning it on it's side. I have to wonder how other people are holding theirs. However, I have accidentally hit the power button twice because of it's location in the top right corner near the hinge. It happens when I'm adjusting the position of the laptop on my lap and it's a good spot to grab because it's near the center of gravity.Battery life is still good with me streaming music. Be aware that the screen is long and skinny compare to other screens that are the same diagonal size. Widescreen looks great on it. Might make it a little harder to buy a case. I was just trying to fit it in my old case but it's too wide to go in so I'll have to shop for a new case.
computer|I've had two Acer laptops, which have been telling about Acer as a company. The first laptop I purchased when Acer was just starting out selling laptops. It was a superb computer for the inexpensive price. So after a few years of heavy use when it went out I decided to purchase another Acer (February 2012) until I could purchase a higher end desktop (March 2012).This second laptop went out after THREE months of minimal use as most of my computing is now done on a desktop. I sent the computer to Acer after literally scouring their website for a method to contact customer service, which should of been a sign. This computer was in superb physical shape when sent out, its only issue? Something had gone amiss with the OS and had the blue screen of death followed by a black screen.Couple days after shipping it out, Acer informs me my nearly new computer (which has never been dropped or moved more than a couple feet on a flat surface) was sporting a crack and repairs would cost $99.00 on a $248 computer. I refused to pay the $99.00 and requested it be sent back. What I received, I can hardly believe is the same computer I sent to them. Keys are missing or busted, it had a nasty crack down the side, was covered in dust and some unidentified grime. Oddity of the situation is that Acer sent me photos of the USPS box I sent it out in and it was in grade A condition. The box I received it back in from FedEx was in excellent condition, too (not to mention the computer was shrink wrapped).So, if the computer left me in excellent condition and nothing got crushed in shipping, however did all this damage happen? Furthermore, it was all classified as "customer caused physical damage"? And, for all those missing keys and dust, that certainly didn't get in or out after it was shrink wrapped for transport.Think twice before you buy anything from Acer or have it sent in for repairs. You're either on your own to pay for phony damage claims or left with a piece of tattered junk for rebuking them. If you're still not convinced, look at the BBB and take note of their comments regarding the copious amount of claims made by customers regarding the extensive physical damage claimed by Acer upon arrival or what was noted after the product had been shipped back. Which, I quote: "Consumer complaints received by BBB allege this company sells defective merchandise that they have to return for repeat repairs that are costly and inconvenient.Consumers also complain that when they ship their computers to the company, their merchandise is often returned to them with physical damage.The company responds by stating they are not aware of any pattern suggesting defective merchandise sales requiring costly repairs or physical damage of merchandise returned after repairs. They say the original owners of their products receive an inherent manufacturing warranty period for their Acer merchandise. Within that warranty period consumers can also purchase an extended warranty to add to the initial manufacturer's coverage. Out of warranty repairs are made at a charge. The company also states they have very strict and safe packing practices and use reputable national shipping carriers for their return shipments. All products are packed in new packing boxes."Problem is, shipping is obviously not the issue Acer. It is the company manhandling products to void warranties for extra income.
computer|I work tech support and have for quite some time, and also being a university student I needed a great computer for a cheap price.I can definitely say that this is one of the better computers that I have owned. I owned an HP just recently and that thing died after about three weeks! Never, ever go HP.I'm not too much of an avid PC gamer but for surfing the internet, doing homework, listening to music, and burning CDs this laptop is perfect. And for less than 400 dollars, you can't beat the price.I'm considering upgrading the RAM but other than that, I have no complaints.
computer|I've had my Acer for the past 2 years and it is my primary computer (also own a Fujitsu Netbook and an ASUS Transformer Eee pad.) The screen on the Acer is big, the keyboard is nice and the HDMI port and 3 USB ports are really convenient. My only complaint--if I were to nitpick-- is that the keyboard doesn't light up in the dark. But that's a small price to pay for an otherwise awesome machine. I highly recommend this computer; you won't regret purchasing it.
computer|I hate to see companies cut the battery so much to save on weight, but that is what I feel has happened here. For its size and price tag this laptop is incredibly light, but it also dies at around 4 hours. After awhile of use that will be sub 4 hours. Other than that, I can't complain to much about it performance for a budget laptop. It is faster than I expected, but technology moves as such. It is kind of built with last year technology though. USB 2.0 vice 3.0 and no Bluetooth. But as far as it should perform for the price I feel that it succeeds. The battery, being the main drawback, will prevent this from being use to much, or going to far away from a plug.
computer|I had a nice single core laptop when I bought this one but when Fry's put it on sale for $279 I couldn't resist it, and tried to. It has a great screen, 500 gig HD 4 gigs of RAM and a really slim form fit. As others have stated it boots very fast. One of the things that I really like is the textured outer skin, this helps from it sliping out of the hand when putting it in a case. I would highly recommend buying and installing Norton 360 before ever getting on the web to keep it booting, running and shutting down fast (you gota keep those nasty little critters out of it). I haven't used battery yet but I will soon, I think 4 hours is good for me. We have a friend, you know the one that has to keep up with the Jones's, he saw my new Acer and went to Fry's to buy one but they were out(so he said), sooooo he spent $600 on another brand laptop with a A6 processor and had to call me over to see it. Well I couldn't resist but to bring my Acer over and we ran the some test on them and the difference was negligible (not worth another $320 or what I would say another Acer) and he's only going to use it for his checkbook and surf the web. What a lamo. I would have just gotten a rain check and buy it latter. I don't game either but I do a lot CPU intense things with it and so far I am VERY satisfied with it!!!
computer|great value for money i say. the price is quite a steal for what you get.*500gb hdd (good news for music hoarders like me)*Dolby® Advanced Audio® v2 (the audio quality is KICK-ASS! once dolby is enabled -- you could go deaf on max volume)*really quiet under the hood, like...silence of the fans :)*sexy slim & lightweight (5.74lbs NOT 8.6) flat keys are NOT a problem*4gb of ram, with a slot to add another 4gb stick (unit is more than capable, but i salivate at topping up to 8gb)*nice, wide 15" screen with intel64 128mb hd graphics card (great for youtubing, photoshop and porn)this is excellent for someone like me that just got out of a horrific relationship with an overheat-prone hp pavilion that had a crap graphics card that kept distorting/blanking the screen...UGH! *expletive* hewlett-packard notebooks.anyway, product arrived exactly like the pics on the page which is always good and the touchpad has multi-gesture functions, which is nice to have even though i don't care for it so much. i was tempted when researching to go for a cute/compact netbook, but i love screen size like i love my women and i need a lil drive on da side loli was a little daunted at first that it came with win 7, but it's more similar to vista than i thought (no huge differences other than the taskbar -- which can subsequently be changed back to a vista layout ;p).oh, and amzn delivery was swift (ordered on tuesday, opened the box on monday). an all around good piece of kit.if it's so great, why'd you dock a star frantz?:the lack of a volume control on the unit itself (you have to use fn+up/dn arrows), which is inconvenient when multi-tasking with music et al. keep in mind that the laptop is sorta long (pro-widescreen) which could make it tough for you finding an adequate carrying case -- i'm a backpack dude, so no worries for me..um...i wish it had one more usb port (i have many periphs), but 3 or less seems to be trending these days (lame), no fingerprint reader or bluetooth, but who cares? and even though you don't notice any function lag (IT'S PRETTY FAST imho), it would have been nice to have at least 3ghz on the processor..what else...battery life is not 4.5hrs, more like 3 (why does every manufacturer lie about this?). maybe you'll get 4.5 if you dim the screen, kill volume and cut the wi-fi, but c'mon acer, tsk - basically, treat your power cord like an american express card. to nitpick would be to complain that the keyboard doesn't glow in the dark lol, you'll need a light while typing at night (or in a closet).hm, sounds like i ended on a bad note, so last sentence is; GREAT LAPTOP, you won't regret it.meaningless edits:>sorry for 'cristian's' misfortune, but i'm pretty sure most of the units don't come with disconnected keyboards>'UniversityDoc', as far as i know, touchpads are not supposed to be centered, they are offset on purpose (to avoid accidental touch when typing perhaps?)>'Deeply Disappointed' said his fan constantly runs noisily while idle.....not with mine. "disturbing in a public setting"?? i dunno what showed up at your door, but it wasn't a replica of my machine.>'Beverly J. Krammer' said hers lasts "all day" on battery power...i'm jealousand thus ends my very first review, peace
computer|I took a long time when deciding which laptop to go with and am VERY VERY happy with my decision. Originally I was going to go with the Sony Vaio, which is by no means a bad computer. After talking to some friends 3/4 suggested the acer over the Vaio because of the screen size and quality. I don't think I know anybody who's had real issues besides the battery with an Acer Aspire. I love the keyboard and the mouse could use some improvement, but no complaints since I have a USB one anyways. Would buy another Aspire in a heartbeat!
