computer|It only took a few minutes to set up. You're online and able to log onto your accounts in seconds. No updating, GOOGLE takes care of that. No anti-virus needed. GOOGLE takes care of that, too. Just be careful not to open unknown attachments, or visit dubious websites. But if you do, signing off and shutting down should clear your Chromebook. Everything is sandboxed for safety. Battery life is terrific. I had a laptop, and had to recharge several times per day. The Chromebook gives me about 7-8 hours between charges. It is light and easy to move around. You can either use the touch pad or use a mouse. Sound quality is very good, too. It is a pleasure to open the Chromebook, and type in my password and have my start page appear without the usual waiting and waiting. Between my Chromebook and my Galaxy S3, I have everything covered. I know there are other Chromebooks on the market from other manufacturers, but I chose the Samsung because I know they make a quality product.
computer|fast and dependable, starts up really fast, does everything its supposed too.Web pages look great. nice addition for family use.
computer|I bought this for my wife who was very unhappy with a XP notebook. She was frustrated with continual updates, security issues and the time it took for rebooting and searches.She basically uses the computer for three things. Search the internet, email and Words With Friends.Surfing the internet is significantly faster and there is no &#34;booting up&#34;. Also, updates and security are done automatically without the user being aware of it.Two negatives are the very limited number of apps currently available (No WWF) and this unit does not have a &#34;LOCK Caps&#34; button.
computer|we love our chromebook my whole family ses it the loading speed is crazy fast its very light weight you can hold it in one hand and type with other awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!
computer|Neat machine, Does everything it should. Good battery life and recharges in a hurry. I'd recommend one to anyone. Screen might be a little small depending on your eyesight, but you can zoom it.
computer|I love this little computer and get compliments on it all the time. Im still learning everything there is to know about it and what it can do but has not failed me yet. There supposed to be getting netflix supper sometime soon but as of now they have not. That doesnt bother be since i have so many other devices i can get it on that i use my computer for its intended purpose. I have even played a browser game on it and does the job well! battery life is great and awesome for people who blog or need to write a lot for school! Highly recommended for the person on the go.Update: I have been informed that netflix does work on the chromebook now. I had to cancel the membership due to money problems but have had two people say it works now with new updates. Sorry about the misinformation. An even better laptop now!!
computer|This is my third Chromebook, the other two were the CR48 and Samsung 550. This is a great balance of both of those previous two at a wonderful price. Chromebooks can almost completely replace the home computer, only a couple of programs holding it back. One of these is just some websites just wont work, this isn't necessarily a Chromebook issue, but more poorly designed websites. Also the need to be able to directly print without the need for a printer to be hooked up to a pc. Wonderful community support and constant updates to the system helps make this a wonderful buy. Excellent buy for students or those wanting the full internet experience tablets cannot provide. Battery life seems a little better than rated, and the ARM processor is plenty powerful enough to most tasks.
computer|Is this computer perfect? No. Does it go above and beyond its description and is it a great deal for the price? By far. I Couldn't be happier with it. I originally had a first generation Chromebook, but it was almost useless to me, as the track pad was terrible. This track pad and keyboard is great. The webcam is not of the highest quality and same goes for the sound (although the volume is great!). I would highly recommend this computer to anyone. I used to do 99% of my work on it. Now that I purchased a wireless WiFi scanner, I do 100% (okay...maybe 99.99999%) of my work on it. I have not used a windows machine in weeks. This is a hassle-free computer. I am a student, and it makes my life very easy only having to bring this to class with me. This is the best device to compliment someone like me (who wanted to find a device in between my windows PC and my tablet). It is built to the highest quality for the price. The aluminum finish is much better than the previous plastic ones. Google and Samsung outdid themselves on this one.
computer|This chromebook is perfect for what i need it for, I like to write short shories, chapter stories, books, novels and surf the web (facebook, youtube) and listen to music and this little book is perfect!! its a good weight, has a good feel to it, its just small enough without being too small, i have tiny hands and it's just right. i love it!
computer|This is the best thing I have bought for myself in a while. Its better than any other laptop I have had as far as ease of use. Definitely recommended.
computer|I purchased this to use primarily for travel because it's so small and light but instead I tend to use it most of the time except at work where I continue to use my laptop. I used to lug my laptop home just about every night but now I don't. I said lug because, even though the laptop is quite portable, it seems like a beast when compared to the chromebook. The only issues I've had were at setup which took awhile mainly because I messed up the account logon but I got it straightened out fairly easily. Since then it has worked fine. I'm still exploring apps but there appear to be plenty of useful ones. It charges quickly and the charge lasts a considerable time. The sound is adequate and fine when externally connected. It is not as sturdy as most laptops so one has to be a little careful with handling. I've read that pressure on the plastic top can crack the screen so I just don't sit anything on it or squeeze it. I don't think for my purposes that it will completely replace my laptop but, for the price, it is a handy and convenient tool and I don't have to lug my laptop around. I'm looking forward to taking on a trip to the Daytona 500 in February to see how it stands up. It will definitely be a lot easier to manage in the airport and on the flight.
computer|I'm going to assume you already know what a Chromebook is and you don't need to be warned that there is no Windows or Mac operating system here. You're a Google power user and you're invested in the Drive/Gmail/GooglePlus/Chrome experience. You're not expecting this to look or feel like a Macbook Air (neither the display nor the trackpad are going to meet THAT expectation, but they are better than other &#34;netbooks&#34; you may have used).Just buy it. It's $249 bucks for a little portable laptop that has a baked in backup and sync plan. Anything you do on it out in the field can be pulled right back up from your main desktop Chrome browser. It turns on fast and it weighs about as much as a paperback book. Make sure you have plenty of Wi-FI or hotspot access because otherwise it's not going to do much for you (there are 2 USB ports, so you could plug in a Cellular data stick if you have one).One thing I'm still experimenting with is the output to external monitors. The graphics card is fast and clean enough, but perhaps not configurable to every external monitor you can think of. Sometimes it mirrors, sometimes it only displays on the external monitor. That's an HDMI cable connection, by the way.So, look... here's a little 11&#34; solid state netbook you can hand off to your younger kids and not have a heart attack everytime they're quiet for 30 seconds (there's a guest login account that will act like an incognito browser, without saving any settings or history). As of right now Google is giving out 100 GB of drive storage free for a couple years along with these... you redeem it through a &#34;Goodies&#34; window upon initial setup. You don't get to return the laptop and keep the cloud storage, though.Bottom line, it's a solid build of an excellent concept. Highly recommended for anyone looking for an affordable and portable answer to the question &#34;How can I carry my desktop browser capability into the field without lugging around a device that I can't afford to lose, break, or have ripped off.&#34;
computer|Best netbook in the market. Great value for money. The device also comes with 100gb cloud storage :) this chromebook doesn't need a fan and therefore doesn't have one = no fan noise.
computer|My husband loves his google chromebook. Would recomnend it.It starts up in seconds and shuts down immediately. Does prefer a wireless mouse however.
computer|I've used several tablets before including the IPad and Kindle. Both were nice and the IPad had a gorgeous display, but I'm a person that prefers a keyboard. If you're on the fence about purchasing this chromebook, you probably already know that its entirely cloud based. There are some offline features that you can use such as google document editing or video playback, but its main purpose is internet browsing. For $249 (wifi version) this computer is a bargain as long as you don't expect an ultrabook. Before purchasing this, I would suggest trying it out at a local retailer first to be sure you're okay with the Chrome OS and it being browser based.Pros:Quick to boot up.The mouse pad allows for multitouch for scrolling and right button mouse click.Very lightweight and compact.Descent build quality. It resembles a cheaper MAC Book (Imagine that!).Display quality overall is pretty nice.100GB of Google Drive space for 2 years (this is a promotion).Fanless cooling. It's 100% silent.Comfortable to type on.Cons:Battery life is short in my opinion. I get about 3-4 hours of continuous use, I expected more.No illuminated keyboard (personal preference, but would've been nice).Video playback can be choppy at times. This may be fixed with an update down the road.Overall I'd rate it 4.5 stars because of its shortcomings. This product will not replace your desktop or even laptop, but if you are in the market for a netbook or want a tablet but you want a keyboard, I'd definitely look at getting this chromebook.
computer|I bought this for my better half thinking that would be a good way to get a newer laptop to replace the netbook and the tiny screen that I couldn't see. Well so much for MY new Chromebook. I can't get her away from it, she loves it. So much that we're retiring the desktop that she was using and already gave the netbook away. We are enjoying retirement and this is perfect for us that don't have smart phones. The wi-fi version is great around the house and will be great in the motor home also. Technology like this is fun and for us that can't remember where we left our car keys has a lot lower learning curve.
computer|Bought this as a first laptop for my 10 year old daughter, she hasnt put it down. The startup was easy and your web surfing 10 seconds after pressing the power on button. You get a lot of bang for your 250 bucks. Would recommend to anyone looking for cheap,easy, web book.
computer|A tablet renders mobile sites. I want full websites with a full functioning keyboard. For $250 where can you get a portable, lightweight, always updated, full web functionality (no mobile sites), mobile computing tool? Why don't I see everyone with one of these? I absolutely love it.
computer|you get way more than you pay for with this chromebook very sturdy, very thin and ultra light. the best part is the fan less design so there is no noise when you are using it.
computer|Today is Christmas and i Have been using the Samsung Google Chromebook (Wi-Fi). I have used this for the past week. I am very impressed. This is my first Computer and im 13. The keyboard is almost the same to a Mac. The track pad is very responsive and is just a hair bigger than an iPod touch screen. To me, the laptops weight is very light and portable and close in weight to an iPad 2.P.S.- I used this computer to type this review.
computer|I did my research about this laptop before i bought it. i was excited since day one. I bought this computer because i believe this is going to be the future of all technology and is a step towards what we as a people should be working towards creating. Everything has small beginnings, but what is only a small laptop capable of storing all my files on a cloud server now, is a universal hive-mind of infinite intelligence in the future.I'm currently attending college and got this as my graduation from highschool, and so far its been amazing. I charge it every other day or so, i just use Google drive for all my school files, and they're accessible from everywhere. I have a desktop i use for heavier things like, non browser gaming, video and audio editing and watching movies (just cause of the bigger screen), but my chromebook takes care of everything else. Did i mention it has 3G for two years? that's like infinity dollars if you buy it any other way.listen, bottom line, i love the lap, its tip top. everyone should just throw money at google and try and get them to replace our government, because one google party is better than any two party.
computer|My mom has a Dell that is 10 years old.....10...years...old. Well the monitor died for the second time and she was done with it. She had been using my Asus Transformer for a while now and loved it. She didn't like the touch screen and liked a physical keyboard. So this came out. Couldn't resist the price plus had been getting her used to Chrome for some time now. Works fantastic for her. I even find myself using it when I come visit. The only problem is that because it is very new it has issues but they are minor. I found some issue using the Google Cloud Print but when my computer is on it works fine. Great battery. Mic and Camera. Apps make it very easy to use. Great build quality and light weight. Totally worth it.
computer|This thing is small, light, and absurdly fast.If you want a full-featured Linux desktop (including local software) you can enable developer mode and run the Crouton script--it seems like it would be difficult, but trust me, it's easy and you wind up with a full OS (with a word processor, and image editing, and all that stuff that you usually expect from an OS) instead of just the Chrome OS. That said, I split my time between both, as both are pretty good experiences.Battery life is 6.5-8 hours on a 2-cell battery--wish they'd sacrificed some weight to give it a 4-cell for a 12-14 hour life though. Maybe I'm the only one who'd make that trade, but I'd do it in a heartbeat. Still, this is good enough to spend all day out and about without having to bother with bringing your charger, provided you've got a lunchbreak.The screen has terrible contrast but does the trick.It's incredibly thin and my wife occasionally gets it mixed up with her Macbook Air (not for long as this is plasticy instead of aluminum).Closing to sleep is instant and waking up is so fast it almost makes you worry that it never went to sleep in the first place. Even the card reconnects to the router quickly.This is exactly what netbooks were supposed to be but never were. It's my single favorite computer purchase ever by a longshot. I'd buy it again any day.
computer|This is just simply amazing, from the day I got it there hasn't been a day that I haven't used it, it is sooooo handy at school. Good job Samsung and Google!!!!
computer|Like the concept I have a notebook as well but now find myself grabbing the Chromebook for almost all my Internet use in fact have not used my notebook for the past three weeks.
computer|This laptop is a pure gem! I Love it! Easy guidelines on how to use. Perfect size not iPad tiny or desktop huge. Just right.
computer|I'll start this review pointing out that this Chromebook had some operating system bugs back when it first arrived in January 2013. Over the first two months and many automatic updates later, I have a smooth operating, 6+ hour battery life, fantastic machine.The gap between Chromebooks and traditional mac/pc's is slimmer than many people make it out to be. Yes this machine cannot do much offline aside from watching previously downloaded video on the 15 gb drive or using the google editing suite as long as it is installed (docs, presentations, spreadsheets). Comparing what most people use their mac/pc's for when internet is not available, the typical user will have similar if not identical useability.My biggest highlight of this machine is the stability of the Chrome operating system. Malware, viruses, and other problems that bog down pc's (and mac's to a lesser degree) don't do a single blessed thing to performance of my Chromebook. I'll make a guess this is thanks to the unique cloud software setup from Google that keeps viruses at bay, and performance at a high and stable level.For $250, you will not find a comparable computer with performance or parts that can keep up. The 6+ hour battery keeps me up and working (or playing :p) much longer than I had before. This chromebook is a great jumping point as a second computer for the traveling professional, or even a primary machine for the typical internet browsing person.What this is for:- web browsing- word editing (through google docs)- use of web applications- online video up to 720p (1080p works but I notice that the frame rate per second is a little slow for my liking)What this is NOT for:- complex data editing (excel, access, other database software that is not available)- photo editing (again, not isntallable software)- games that require high amounts of RAM and CPU power
computer|The Samsung Chromebook is perhaps the best value in an electronic device that I have ever owned. I was already a heavy user of Google services (browser, mail, calendar, documents, music, videos, talk, etc.) so it was not a hard decision to buy one when this new version came out, primarily for taking notes during an evening literature course. My regular computer is a Mac mini.The Chromebook was on backorder but when it came back in stock, I placed the order and it arrived the afternoon before the first class. It is so simple and intuitive that I was able to get it set up and become familiar enough with it to take notes in class that evening without any problems, although I did go a few minutes early to set up the Wi-Fi. It also allows me to have access to Kindle books while in class for the discussion.It really is much better than I expected it to be. I was surprised at how thin and attractive it is compared to the photographs&mdash;they make it look clunky. It is about the size of a standard spiral-bound notebook. Even the power brick is small.From reading the reviews, I was very worried about the quality of the screen and its brightness but the matte screen is ideal for my use and it is more than bright enough&mdash;I don't even keep it on high. I was also worried that it would look and feel cheap, flex, and scratch easily. It is definitely plastic and not metal but I appreciate the how light it is and have not had trouble with it scratching and the hinge is sturdy. The only way it feels cheap is that concentrated pressure on the back of the lid will cause ripples in the screen. It is not the most powerful computer as far as storage and RAM but I think of it as a tablet with a keyboard rather than as a laptop.Other things I really like are how it starts up almost instantly, the excellent quality of the keyboard and touchpad, how easily it connects to Wi-Fi, and the attractive design. The design is also very thoughtful in little ways such as the slot to open it with, the placement of the headphone jack, and the special function keys.There are definitely some things I don't like. It is very difficult to select text with the touchpad so at home, I use a wireless mouse when I want to copy & paste or format text. Every once in a while, when I am taking notes, the Google Docs tab crashes and says "Aw, Snap!" I have never lost anything and it is easy to recover from that by opening a new tab but it is aggravating and I don't know why it happens. I also do not feel 100% comfortable using public Wi-Fi so I have sometimes used it in class without connecting to it.Overall, though, I really like the Samsung Chromebook. It won't meet everyone's needs but it certainly is excellent for what it is intended to be and for my purposes.
computer|This computer is very small and light weight. The mouse took a little while to get used to, but now I can't imagine using any other laptop mouse.I was a little worried/skeptical of the Chrome operating system, but it's exactly what I need. It's easy to use, and since everything is cloud based I don't have to worry about not having that necessary document on every computer I touch.I wouldn't reccomend this to everyone, in fact, I told my partner not to get one, but he NEEDED a pc, not a Chromebook. But if you are looking for cheap, easy-to-use, and are ok with being cloud based, then this is for you. If you need to run programs in windows, then this isn't for you, but you probably already know that.
computer|Contemplated a Tablet or Notebook. Was with Tablets but the prices werent agreeing with me.Also wanted the IPAD or Samsung.Then i saw Googles Chromebook. Price was attractive. The PC makes a lot of sense.Its small , good for travel and it looks sleek. I thought i would test and take it back.But am hooked.My young one also loves it which is a good thing at least they dont lose typing skillsOnly drawback is the battery and also when am away from hotspot.But i will get a phone that can power it up.Also Xfinity provides hotspots everywhere
computer|Build Quality:Feels high quality (for a $250 computer). It is super thin and extremely light (lighter than most all laptops including ultrabooks), and has a nice keyboard and trackpad that feel very Macbook Air-ish.Software:The software on the Chromebook if you don't already know is Chrome OS. It is built around the Google Chrome internet browser, so everything you do is online, with the exception of offline Google docs. Chromebooks are used to be cloud computing devices. With that being said, if you don't use the Google ecosystem you might not be the most satisfied with Chromebook, because Chrome OS relies deeply on Google integration (Google Drive, Google Chrome, Google Play Music, and pretty much everything Google).Using this Chromebook:My experience with the laptop has been very good so far. This Chromebook is good enough for most daily tasks on the web. (And is as a mentioned above, is a great piece of hardware for the price). If all you want to do is go on the web and you want something simple, and easy to use, then this is a good device for you. The fact that it awakes from sleep so quickly and is instantly ready to go is really great. What you are giving up with a cheap device like this is, is performance. Since it is a lower end device, and the specs are not as beefed up as something like the Chromebook Pixel, you don't get the fastest web experience. Don't get me wrong, websites load very quickly and it is a stable experience, however, the web performance is not quite buttery smooth. Scrolling thru content filled web pages can be a little choppy, and YouTube videos can be stuttery at times, but for the most part, when streaming HD videos from YouTube and other sites such as Netflix, the experience is good enough. Also, Chrome OS does not support full PC or Mac programs so if that is something that you were expecting from this Chromebook, then I would suggest you look elsewhere. I would also suggest this Chromebook as a secondary computer.
computer|I read all the negative complaints about it was worthless because you can download anything or it has to be connected to the internet to be worth anything. It appears that most of those people never read just what the Chromebook is all about.I read and read and then read some reviews about the Chromebook. I went back and forth between whether to buy a notebook the same size but cost more and I could download and save to the harddrive. Well, it became evident that I really use it when I am away from my desktop PC. What are my activities? I surf the web and check email. Rarely do I need to do any work from it.I have all my important data/photos stored on skydrive. I used Office 2013 on my desktop. Well, Chromebook has a skydrive app. I can open up my files there and edit them using Office web app version. I can watch Amazon prime movies and about 3 weeks later after getting my Chromebook, I can now watch Netflex as well. Hey, I am a happy camper with the Chromebook.Yes, it has limitations but I was aware of them going in and I am quite please with the speed and quality of the Samsung Chromebook. If you understand what it means to be in the cloud, then this is a good notebook replacement for when you are away from your desktop.
computer|I ordered it; it arrived; the touchpad was defective; I returned it; I recieved a replacement; the touchpad was defective; I returned it. End of story. Really sucked to be suckered twice. With all the airplay this product has been getting I was surprised and appalled that it failed twice.
computer|After much research I finally got the Samsung Chromebook. I had one of the first beta test Chromebooks so I knew what i was getting(Yes it's only a browser!). This versus the original is awesome. It is VERY light and portable whereas the beta was really heavy. At my home we only have one desktop computer so there is always a fight to go online. Now the hubby will grab this to watch his football games. The children watch Netflix. I'm the only one that cant get any chrometime. The speakers are good as is the picture for a $250 device. The boot-up is great and I like that each family member has their own login. The battery life is also very good. I would highly recommend this chromebook.
computer|I prefer to type on a keyboard, to take notes and save my notes to the cloud, so that I can access those notes from any computer. That's a lot of what I do on a computer.This sumsung chromebook suits that purpose very well, especially for the $250 price. It has a good keyboard, although I prefer the keyboard on the CR-48 (google's prototype machine from a couple of years back) which has more bounce in the keys. The trackpad is much better than the CR-48. But what really makes this special is that it's lightweight and quiet (no fan).Because of the light weight, ironically, it's easier to do tablet like reading on it than a tablet. Often I find myself holding it with one hand, my left, underneath the keyboard, while my right hand scrolls on the trackpad. Because of the weight distribution of the L shape of a screen/keyboard laptop, it's more comfortable to balance in my palm than trying to hold a flat tablet with one hand.I should mention the experience I had with a defect unit. I originally bought this on Amazon several months ago. The one thing that I didn't like about it was that the screen looked "grainy", not very clear. But, because I had bought the unit online and had not been able to demo it in the store, I assumed that was the way it was. The screen over time started to flicker and turn blue on the sides. I eventually returned it and bought another unit. With this second unit, the screen is not grainy; it's much better than the first one ever was. If I would have demoed it in the store I would have realized the first one was a defect and returned it right away.As far as the chrome OS is concerned, I enjoy the fast boot up times and easy maintenance of having an OS dedicated to a browser. I do however, like to use a linux shell for some of my work/research/fun. Although there a lot of online options via the browser, like Cloud 9, I like to have my own local machine to play with. I recently bought a Raspberry Pi (only $35 dollars) for this purpose.I have the Raspberry Pi in the basement, plugged in to the ethernet and always on. I use the chrome plug in "Secure Shell" to connect to the raspberry pi and do linux shell stuff. It's fast and seamless. It really makes the chromebook and the raspberry pi (which is slow for GUI stuff but fine for just the shell) both more valuable than they are by themselves.
computer|I like Google. I have an android phone. I do my homework in Google Drive. I have GMail. When I read the reviews for the Samsung Chromebook, I was sold. It arrived on Monday, and I have been using it as my main computer ever since. It's so easy to use, light weight and portable. I prefer it to some of the tablets I've seen because I like to use a keyboard. The Chromebook has a great keyboard. I carry it every day to work and to school. I am impressed.
computer|My 2007 MacBook Pro was having problems, and I didn't want to take the chance of being without the ability to get online and manage my business website. I went out to get a cheap PC, and ended up at first getting the Acer C7 Chromebook. After 2 weeks of trial, I couldn't stand it. I liked the Google system, but the screen was just awful. I went back to the same store to return it and get that cheap PC. I decided instead to try the Samsung Chromebook.It is well made, easy to navigate, the screen excellent, and I'm thoroughly enjoying learning how to use Google Docs, and all the amazingly simple yet wonderfully utilitarian apps that are provided free of charge. I've started using gmail and little by little am loving it over Apple Mail. The keyboard is very comfortable, and I feel as though I've found the business tool I've always wanted.I can program my WordPress business web page with ease.I'll probably write more once I've gotten more familiar with the tools and options, but suffice to say, after 2 days, I am duly impressed. And this from someone who uses an Apple iPad and MacBook Pro!
computer|I wanted a computer that was fast and efficient, and didn't bother me with updates all the time. I wanted a device with a keyboard that I could use to surf the Internet, check email, type documents, create to-do lists, update my calendar, and complete quick calculations. I've found all of that and more with Chromebook.Now, as other reviewers have mentioned, the learning curve might be just a bit steep for those unused to Google's products (besides their search engine, of course). But I'm telling you, once you get the hang of using Google Docs for typing documents, Google slides for creating presentations, Google Calendar for setting dates, etc., you will not want to go back. If you lose your Chromebook or find yourself without it, you can go onto any device that connects to the Internet and find your documents, presentation, calendar, etc.Technically, you don't even need a Chromebook to use those products, just a Google account. But then you wouldn't have such an efficient, fast machine to use them on--and why would you ever want that?---------Just a couple notes on the downsides:1. Printing is an issue if you don't have a "Cloud Print Ready" printer. Since I don't, my computer scientist husband had to find a work-around.2. You cannot download external programs. I have to keep my old laptop around for when I want to use iTunes, Blackboard IM (for school), and my scanner. To me, it's no big deal, but don't think that you can use Chromebook for everything because you simply can't. To me, the pros completely outweigh the cons!
computer|I really love my chromebook. It's so light and it does almost everything my laptop does but battery lasts forever and it's so easy to carry around. I really like having a keyboard attached instead of a touch screen.
computer|If you are looking for a traditional laptop this isn't for you. I wanted a second computer that could be used for web surfing and email primarily. This product delivers that. I like Chrome so being forced to use it is no big deal. The free subscription to Google Drive is very nice. I believe this is the future, so saving my files(mainly pictures and music) to the cloud is a great back up option. Definitely mitigates the lack of a hard drive on the Chromebook.The keyboard is great but the track pad takes a little getting used to. I bought a wireless mouse that should give me the flexibility if I don't want to use the track pad. The screen isn't super but passable. It's a $250 machine, right?I had zero issues connecting to my WiFi at home. Worked perfectly the first time. I bought an adapter to connect to a wired network through the USB 2.0 input if necessary. It was $20.I can see if you use lots of Office products this might not be your device. That's why it's a nice secondary computer for me.Another thing you may want to know is this device doesn't run Java related programs. Kind of a drag. Hopefully this is an update in the future.Bottom line, for the price this product does exactly what you expect. I love it when people compare it to a Macbook Air and then complain. Well duh...it's not over $1000....it's $250. 4 stars
computer|This is by far the best purchase of the year! I have no need to use a laptop offline so this thing is great! Switching profiles is easy so my wife and I can share. Plus it stores all data in the cloud so I'm not afraid of losing anything. The extra Google drive space plus the gogo in-flight WiFi passes is a big plus. The design is great; small, light weight and the keyboard is well laid out. Can't beat the price!
computer|A lot of people say the chromebook can be used as a paperweight when offline, but you can still use many applications and google docs. It really is great and fast, and pretty durable too. It boots up in less than 10 seconds right out of the box and stays that way forever. The best thing to do is to have a USB wi-fi hotspot to have internet wherever you go, and if you have a flash drive, this can be one of the best laptops you have ever owned. Google docs allows you to create word documents, presentations, and much more absolutely free. The low price is what made me a little worried to buy it, but when I did I was amazed. It also doesn't heat up and make any noise. In general it is a great computer, so everyone should try it out.
computer|I love this thing! It loads up NOW! Its very light and silent; I like listening to music with 'phones and a noisy fan tends to ruin the experience. Not so here. If you're embedded in Google this is the way to go. I keep track of all kinds of stuff; surf; social plus I've built lots of docs using Drive. Really like my Chrome Book! :D
computer|Works great, looks great. Find myself never using a desk top anymore. This Chromebook is super light and everything works as it should. Remember your using web based apps, not programs, A wireless mouse works great. The track pad takes a while to learn, but very responsive. Boots up in seconds, runs videos fine. Goodbye heavy slow bloated laptops. I am a believer in Chrome and the cloud concept. Try it and you will be too. How can you beat $249?
computer|The laptop is wonderful. It's lightweight, good internet connection (although there are times when my 700$ laptop will get internet but the Chromebook will not - but I think that's just because of my school's mediocre service at times, 95% of the time, it's fine), and good speakers. The speakers are not the best (if you have a keen ear, or just listen side-by-side with something else) but most of the time I don't bother using better speakers. If you don't like the Chrome OS, you can always install another one, too (like Ubuntu). I was one of the first ones to get a Chromebook and people were concerned about the processing speed, but I frequently have 10 or more tabs open it doesn't seem to slow down.The light weight is definitely a plus, since you can easily hold it in one hand.
computer|I've been looking for a light little notebook or laptop to travel with so I can check email and Facebook - check my bank account and credit card purchases while I'm away from home - and this is the most perfect little thing! It wasn't too expensive, it's small and very light, and it does what I want it to do with no muss, no fuss. I did a lot of research before I bought this product because I wasn't sure I wanted to go with a non-Windows product, but this is so easy to use I don't miss Windows at all. I'm glad I made this purchase.
computer|This laptop/device/netbook/whatever got 5 stars from me because it performs its duty as an on-the-go device perfectly. I could repeat all of the marketing info that you've undoubtedly seen about it, but no need: it lives up to the hype. Been using it for a week, in the classroom, in the library, and back home.Forget the 5 star rating, I give this a $500-$750 rating... what I'd pay to buy another one if lost.
computer|If you are looking for a device to browse the web and use google services, this cannot be beat for the price. Nothing else comes close.This is our second chromebook. The first was the original Samsung chromebook of about a year ago. I wasn't much interested in this device, but my daughter loved it - just loved it, and it became her primary computer, so I took a flyer on this one since it is smaller, lighter, faster and has better battery life. She loves it even more.As a web browser, this device works very, very well. This is the full desktop version of chrome, and it works just as well and is quite acceptably fast. Access to gmail, google drive, google docs, etc is flawless. Every website I tried worked perfectly as expected.The device itself is high quality with excellent battery life. This is no macbook air, but it's about a quarter the price.Highly recommended.I'll be getting another. I want this for traveling, but I'll never get our current one away from my daughter.
computer|My husband and I both have expensive, larger, heavier laptops. They were very heavy to carry when we traveled and also put off heat when in use. Because of the low price and size, we bought one Chromebook strictly for travel. Within 5 minutes of arrival, it was up and going. After fussing over it for two days, we ordered a second. We have not picked our laptops up since the Chromebooks arrived. The screen does not have the clarity and color of the more expensive models, but is more than sufficient. The battery life is as advertised, if not better. It was very easy to start printing and our printer is several years old. We also love the quick start up. We use the Chromebook mainly for surfing, managing emails, and watching instructional videos. The &#34;His and Her&#34; Chromebooks work perfectly!
computer|4 stars... because it's good, but not good hah!PROS:-$250 price. Literally the best price for a computer that you can find.-The weight. It's really light. It's portable, and yet still has a decently solid feel.-Keyboard. It's full sized and reminiscent of mac keyboards, not the best but it's nice that it is full-sized based off the size of the computer.-Battery life. Not sure what the other reviews said, but got mine to last 7 hours. No complaints here.-Quick Startup. absurdly so.-Basic straightforward layout. Not complicated at all.-Ability to open my other computer's previous browser tabs. That's actually surprisingly innovative and useful.CONS:-It isn't a computer. If you want a computer, then this isn't one. I'd suggest it only as a chromebook and a supplement to an existing computer.-Lack of customization or settings at all... it's frustrating, you literally cannot change anything you want to do... things that come to mind right now:1.It prompts a log in code when I turn it off and on again. (not sleep mode mind you) but since there is only one user I find this to be a waste of time.2.No battery or screen time settings. Sometimes the computer thinks it is idle and will shut off, even if I'm downloading or uploading large files.3.Chromebook has something written in it to make some website believe it is a mobile device. Which it certainly is not. NFL.com for example for some reason doesn't work when you link through the site to the rest of their site. No way to fix this right now.4.Essentially no hard drive or programs at all. They claim this app store, but in all reality it just links you through Chrome to other websites. For example, the news apps and video apps, simply open up the host website. Hulu app? No... it's just hulu.com. Same with Pandora, and countless others. Not apps, just a direct link to the website.5. No way to customize the keyboard. So while I can have different languages like Russian, I can only manually switch between keyboards rather than hit a button combo.-16 GB hard drive makes you rely on your 100 GB Google Drive Cloud, which is fine, unless you have large files and have to wait for downloading and uploading times.-You need internet always.-It scratches and is flimsy. It's been two weeks and it looks like it's been battered by a wolverine... Still works pristinely, but I can't help but think the material is a bit poor.-IT'S COMPLETE LACK OF ANY INNOVATION... it's just Chrome. Not an ounce more.The Point: It's $250, cheaper than pretty much everything. There's nothing like it in its class. It's solid though, it isn't a cheap device. It doesn't feel cheap is what I mean. However, DO NOT BUY if it's your only laptop, and do not expect it to replace your existing. But if you're like me and you need a light portable laptop on the go all day, and don't mind terrible lack of ability to do anything other than CHROME and GOOGLE DOCS. Then here you go.Mind you I love it. Just don't get your hopes up. It's just a browser. It's improved my productivity in situations where I would otherwise be bored, and has made me somewhat more efficient.
computer|Went to the storeSaid I only use the computer for the internetWhat do you knowThe chromebook is Exactly thatJUST the internetI have owned my chromebook for about two mths now and i am NOT disappointed with it at all and in fact it exceeded my expectations from a 250 dollar "computer"I highly recommend one purchase this item and at least try itthere is a 99% chance you will like or love it
computer|I have used my Chromebook for a day and I just love it.Pop the cover open and it's on (maybe 2 seconds). Close the cover and it's off. Battery life is exceptional.Chromebook is the must have laptop for around the house. &#34;Honey, look this up!&#34; With a regular laptop you'd have a tendency to say &#34;no.&#34; It would take too long to get everything rolling to get your answer. With my Chromebook, the first answer is &#34;sure,&#34; it will just take me a second. The internet is truly at your finger tips.The unit is light and easy to handle. It is compact and fits in any sized case quickly and easily. The screen size is just a bit bigger than my netbook and much easier on the eyes.I use all of the Google products (mail, calendar, tasks, drive, Chrome browser) so everything syncs automatically between my phone, laptop, desktop computer, Chromebook). It works so seamlessly that it's almost a dream. The Google apps for word processing, spreadsheet and presentations have been improved greatly and take care of 95% of my daily computing tasks.So, if you just want something that works and that keeps your information available to you across all types of electronic units, get hooked up with Google and their Chromebook!
computer|When I saw this price, I thought whatever I'd be getting would be of poor quality. However I am very happy to say that the Samsung Chromebook is in fact of very high quality.I'm a student, and lugging around that 15 inch laptop has been a pain in the butt. Additionally, my laptop had a malfunctioning screen, most likely because of me constantly moving it from place to place. I really wanted something smaller, something that I would bang around and not be worried about, something that would do my everyday computing tasks, and the Samsung Chromebook had met everyone of my needs.Additionally, the battery life is superb, and the robust set of plug ins (HDMI, USB 2, USB 3, SD, and Headphone Jack) really make it useful and versatile. This is not just a novelty item. This is a serious computer device that can do a lot of things and fill a lot of roles.After over a week with this product, I've realized I could've gotten away with not even purchasing Microsoft office; google docs, google slides, and google spreadsheets are excellent and competitive alternatives, not to mention they're free.I was not expecting such a good peice of equipment, but for $250, Samsung and google have delivered a stellar product and are sure to give Mac's and the PC a run for their money.
computer|I bought my Samsung Chromebook a couple of weeks ago and have come to love it! Sure, it's very different at the beginning, especially when you're used to a PC environment. But with Virtual Box and Chrome Remote Desktop, you can make your Chromebook do pretty much anything you want.What I love most about my Chromebook is its lightning-fast boot time (about 10 seconds), its amazing keyboard, its more-than-decent battery life (easily six consecutive hours on wifi) and its ultra light weight (2.4 pounds). And I'm not even talking about the ridiculously low price of this device!Now, the icing on the cake: effective today, March 12th, the Samsung ARM Chrome OS is now Netflix-compatible. I just tested it now and it is true: Netflix movies now play beautifully on this machine. I've been telling my friends and family about this amazing little computer - try it and you'll be a fan, just like me.
computer|I'm using a Chromebook as a supplemental computer for writing and heavy web browsing, and it's an incredible deal for the price. Most others have explained the Chrome OS well, and the limitations of such. I accepted them when I decided to buy it, but I wasn't expecting how high quality it was.It's literally a $250 11" macbook air in terms of style. The build quality is very good, with large keys, a responsive trackpad, and a decent screen. If you are used to netbooks and low-end laptops like I am, you'll really be surprised at how solid it feels. The screen is very crisp for text, although the viewing angles are slightly odd. Rather than too dark, it seems too washed out at sub-optimal angles. For the price though this is one solid piece of gear.What's also surprising is how fast and responsive it feels. It awakens instantly from sleep, and boots from powerdown to log-in in about six seconds. Tabs open quickly, and saving JPEGS to the SSD literally was instant. While watching full screen video from Hulu worked well, with no stuttering, the display felt only average, with slightly washed out colors and muddy edges.The power brick is tiny, and from initial power on to use took all of five minutes. It really doesn't feel like something that is based on a tablet chip, and if you are okay with not being able to use dedicated programs, it works very well. It's possible to use the web for a tremendous amount of things, like basic photo and video editing, as well as lite productivity software through Google Docs.The only downsides I have had is that there are no buttons on the trackpad. While right clicking is absurdly easy (just click with two fingers slightly spread apart instead of one) selecting large blocks of text is a little less so. I also had one game's sound not work well, and saving to Google drive didn't work on one photo app; instead, I had to save locally. Considering how many benefits counterbalance this, I can give it five stars easily.This is probably the perfect computer to give to a senior; it just works at what it does, has no security issues and is far better built than the price would suggest. It's also an ideal computer if you want something portable do to light work on; small, good battery life, and nimble enough to do work on. Some issues you would think aren't even any. Yes, without an internet connection it's useless, but your average laptop or home computer is almost never without it, and the internet makes up a majority of the average user's use. You can't do Netflix on this one, due to the CPU, but given its poor streaming library, I don't miss it.I recommend it, and I'm really loving it now. It's nice to be surprised above your expectations for a product, and this one does so.
computer|I've been very pleased with this notebook. Its fast and well built. Festooned with more I/O ports than I'll know what to do with, and the keyboard is simply excellent. I was prepared to be disappointed given it was only $249 to buy but let me tell you, this is every bit a quality Samsung product. As long as you understand what life with ChromeOS is, you will be pleased with this laptop. I can also now see why the new luxo Pixel has appeal, as it improves on this already excellent formula. I highly recommend this Samsung Series 3 Chromebook.
computer|It is fast. Does what it is supposed to do.Exceeded my expectations .me and my family use it a lot and it has been a great experience.Keyboard is awesome
computer|As a Google, Google beta and gmail user since 2007, this has been one the most ideal purchases I have madeby far. The size and weight of this item is effortless to handle. I really like the clean arrangement of keyboard. I have been working on beta chrome since it's inception and am happy to be a supporter.
computer|I bought this for a friend of mine who is always calling me with what she thinks are problems with her computers. She loves her Chromebook. Lightweight and a very responsive keyboard add to her delight. There has been a little bit of a learning curve for her, but the calls about her computer have really dwindled. (Just a note, this is someone who does not understand the difference between something being on her hard drive or on the cloud. To her, everything that goes wrong is something wrong with the computer...never (Ha!) anything she does.) Tried it out myself for a few days before I handed it over to her and will probably get one for myself. At this price, it is a bargain for those who need/want a keyboard option.
computer|A few days ago I was going to give this 5 stars but recently letters started to repeat w/o me holding down the keys on the keyboard. This caused a ton of words to be misspelled. When I contacted customer service from Samsung I got a poor response and was told &#34; you know this isn't designed to be used as a laptop. Does that mean that you're not supposed to type anything at all? What a crock. I enjoyed using google docs but thee time I had to spend correcting words due to letters repeating took the joy out of writing. The Samsung rep also didn't give me a way to fix the problem. I did take some time filling out a repair request on the their Website but after all the work I clicked send and the screen froze not sending the info. Now I own 2 other computers so know my way around a laptop. I can't give this a good rating when customer service is so poor. Sending back to amazon who does have good service. Wouldn't purchase aanother Samsung product due to their customer serviice. If you read this you can see where the letters stick misspelling words!
computer|We bought this as a Christmas gift for grandma to surf the web, check Facebook and do Google Video Hangouts with the grandkids. It is perfect for that and our technologically challenged family members have had a pretty easy time picking it up and running. Highly recommended for anybody looking to just browse via wi-fi on the couch while watching tv. If you are a true power user looking to replace your laptop, then you probably are not even bothering to read a review on the Chromebook.
computer|Got this to just web browse and post pictures...BUT I'm finding I can do much more with it! I have yet to discover what else I can do so I'm am thinking about purchasing the chromebook book that's on here that will show you how to explore every inch of things this little thing can do :0)
computer|This is and really good computer I were checking out some other computers in stores like the mac book well it is pretty much the same but cost more plus it has really good lighting and sound I love it have and bless day everyone!!!!!!!!!!!!
computer|I used to have a 17.3&#34; HP, which was the relative weight and size of a small tank. Taking that around on trips or to class was a pain. Eventually, the screen cracked, and I hunkered it down attached to a monitor, and decided to take a try at the Chromebook. Boy was I happy I made the purchase.Pros:1) Extreme Portability. This machine gets a solid 6 hours of battery life (tested it with internet usage, streaming Netflix) as well as being small and lightweight. It's 7 second power on time may be a little exaggerated, but it has never taken me more than 20 or 30 seconds to get on and running.2) Web-based platform. I was really concerned with buying a computer that I could only use on the web. The more I thought about it though, there's very few places that are around now that don't have some kind of wireless. In addition, you can still access your worksheets and docs offline, then they will be updated when you sign on.Cons:1) Size: Going from a bigger laptop like I had to this one wasn't easy. The screen size makes a huge difference when trying to do work that needs two windows open. Its not a deal breaker, but something to consider when looking into it.2) Performance: I read reviews for users who said that performance decreases with over 8 tabs open. I thought that was a ridiculous amount of tabs to have open. However, I find myself averaging around 8-10 at a time, and you can definitely see the performance lag when you have that many open. Closing them out and waiting a few seconds increases performance back to normal, just a little inconvenient.Overall, I've had the chromebook for 2 months now, and I am still in love with it.
computer|I bought this Chromebook because typing on a tablet drives me insane. I knew going in that this was not some crazy performing laptop but a sleek web based device. Knowing all the facts about the device this thing kills it. I can watch YouTube and browse the internet on chrome just as I do with my desktop. Since it is Google all of my information is shared to my other computers through my Google account. Overall if you do your research and this fits the need you have don't hesitate to get it. This is the best piece of tech I have gotten for $250.
computer|The Samsung Chromebook is a perfect computer for people who simply like to live on the Internet. This is not the computer for people who need to run Windows programs -- it will not run programs made for Windows. Anyone wanting to move from a Windows or Mac computer to a Chromebook must adopt a new way of thinking about the tasks they want to accomplish. Instead of Microsoft Office, you have Google Docs, etc...Personally, I have enabled developer mode so I can get at the Linux internals (running a chrooted Arch Linux environment, etc). This machine has completely replaced my previous laptop. I have ssh, vim, and a web browser, exactly what I need.The battery life is phenomenal, over 6 hours. The keyboard is a pleasure to type on, comparable to my Wife's MacBook Air (minus the backlight, of course). The screen, while only 1366x768, is actually pretty decent at this size. That said, I definitely notice the lower resolution when I switch from my Nexus 10. I do prefer the matte finish on the Chromebook though, as the glossy screens are completely unusable if you have any light sources behind you.Are you someone who just wants to use the Internet from a cheap, lightweight laptop? Get this Chromebook. Are you a hacker or tinkerer who likes playing with Linux? Get this Chromebook. Are you an average computer user who likes to edit photos, home movies, play games, etc? This is probably not the computer for you.
computer|My brother and I both got computers at the same time (about a year ago) and he always asks to use my chromebook because it is still so fast, streamlined, and has all these nice updates. You'll never get bored or sick of this computer!
computer|The computer itself is a great value. I have no complaints at all, except that the power supply connection is tiny and very very fragile. I bought it for a famliy member who has managed to break off three of these mosquito-sized connectors in as many months. A more careful user won't necessarily have problems, but the thing is so thin and fragile that you have to take more than ordinary care to avoid snapping it off. Other than that, I would have given it five stars.
computer|I had waited a few weeks after purchasing because Amazon was out of stock. The Chrome Book showed up earlier than Amazon had predicted which was nice. It's not a power house laptop but it's great for web surfing, email, youtube, and all of the apps that come with it. I found that I can use Google's Remote Desktop app to connect to my Windows 7 and Ubuntu boxes and use them in full screen mode, basically simulating a Windows or Linux laptop, which is amazing. The keyboard is perfect. The video camera is a little slow in response time. I like how quickly the laptop boots up and comes out of standby. The power seems to last for a while without needing to be recharged. One more of my favorite things is how it's silent (no fans) and doesn't get hot since everything is solid state. I'd highly recommend this to everyone. Thanks!
computer|Edited 3/12/2013:I purchased the 11-in Samsung Chromebook as a gift when they went on sale for $250. This major price-shift in the chromebook line took it from (IMHO) overpriced, to competitively priced. Because of the new price-point, you can think about this as a budget friendly laptop (if you use mostly web apps) or tablet replacement. Especially if you're someone who does a lot of typing and isn't a fan of doing it on tablet screens!I don't use it much myself, but I've talked with the recipient extensively, and this is a summary of their thoughts. They're a professional video editor who uses this as a supplemental portable computer when traveling, or just around the house where the have wi-fi and don't want to be chained to a serious editing station computer.Form: This is a compact, sexy looking laptop. Although it's plastic, it's well built, slim, and finished to look like brushed aluminum. Very nice. Notably, the keyboard is a full sized for normal human hands. I sort of expected it to feel cramped, but it feels normal sized and eminently usable.Specs: Screen is 1366-by-768 (16:9) so while you won't be able to view full 1080p video, 720 video looks great though. Dual Core processor w/ 2gb ram made web browsing with numerous tabs open quite snappy. Performance does drop off a bit if you're one of those crazy people who has to have 20 or 30 or 40+ tabs open at the same time. Camera is unequivocally made for things like skype, not for taking high-def pictures, but it suits its purpose just fine. For ports, you've got one each of USB 2.0, USB 3.0, and HDMI, so you can connect a mouse if you want or link it up to your TV for streaming HD video! There is a card reader for SD/SDHC/SDXC and audio has a mic input and headphone output. Local storage is somewhat compact at 16gb, but this is compensated by google drive access (100gb free for two years!) and can be supplemented by dropbox, amazon cloud, skydrive, etc.Web Apps: The giftee already lived extensively in the google web-app environment so they jumped right in! When I purchased it, this came with two years of 100gb google drive storage. Pretty cool. Otherwise web apps and such work just the way you expect them to work.Overall: If you want a super portable and very stylish laptop, you're comfortable working in the google environment of web apps, you have ready access to wi-fi, and you're on a budget so you don't want to shell out ~$1000 for a mac air, this is a fantastic product.Negatives:1) You really need to have wi-fi access to use this most effectively. Evaluate your wi-fi accessibility carefully before you take the plunge, and note that your local storage is limited to 16gb. Without that extra 100gb of google drive, or access to your dropbox/amazon cloud/skydrive you can easily feel the constrained.2) There is no support for netflix. Presently, every chromebook EXCEPT for this one (Samsung, ARM based) can stream netflix. Hulu and Amazon streaming both work fine but this is a pretty glaring negative for folks who are thinking about a chromebook for its portability and access to web apps.EDIT:The Samsung Chromebook now supports netflix streaming. I'll leave the original review for posterity, but negative #2 is effectively removed. I don't think it bumps this chromebook up to a 5th star, as negative #1 still stands, but it's a very nice improvement, and I'm very glad that google/samsung kept their commitment to netflix support!
computer|At first I was skeptical about purchasing a pair of these Chromebooks for my grandchildren because I'm used to the &#34;old school&#34; PC's that do require a lot of maintenance, Internet security software, virus protection and not to mention some sort of word processing software set up for school projects, and the continuing never ending software updating.But I was sold after receiving them. The set up is a breeze and Google takes care of all the rest, Internet security, virus protection, software updates, word processing program all for free. Plus you get free 100 GB of cloud storage for the first two years and you have the option of inserting an SD card or a mini hard drive for storage.Four seconds to boot up! How can you not like that!Some have complained about the inability to watch Hulu-Plus on these Chromebooks, not me I just went to the website put in my account info and started watching.The one issue that I do have is the fact that I had an issue with my inability to set up cloud printing on one of the Chromebooks, so I ended up having to reset it to it's original state and re-registered it (The Chromebooks allow you to do this), which is great! except for the fact that you loose the ability to re-load the free offer of the 100 GB of cloud storage (I did not know this at the time), which I think stinks! I let Google know how I feel about that too!It's not like I was trying to scam them, I legitimately had a problem that was resolved by resetting, but loosing the free storage was simply not fair, and I've yet to hear a response from Google in regards to my complaint.But overall you will love this maintenance free solution to surfing the web. What a great Idea! I wish I would have thought of it.
computer|A little background: I've had the same PC laptop for almost 4 years. It's too bulky, runs loud, battery no longer charges (yes, i know that's fixable), youtube video's sometimes take long to load while my roomates computers have no issues (yes, i realize it's probably fixable, but ive had it 4 years, time to move on). Anyway, i wanted to go back to a small laptop. I really only use my laptop to browse the internet. with Spotify, i don't really buy/download new music anymore as it has become more of a hassle than it's worth, when i could just pay spotify $10 a month to listen to any music i want, and create offline playlists. So since i don't necessary need the computer to do anything but surf the internet. I like having a keyboard because i prefer to type instead of how it's done on a tablet. i also like it to rest on lap and not have to hold the tablet. So that brought me to the Samsung Google Chromebook.When i first got the chromebook, i was not able to log in to my gmail account my password had capital letters at first. So i had to use another computer to change my password before i was able to login. no big deal, i just thought it was odd.Our wifi service through ATT only provides 12mbps download speed. Yes, i know this is low, but what can you do? Our apartment is old and cannot get cable, only DSL. So i immediately performed a speed test (Speedtest.net), and i was only receiving a max of 3 mbps download speed! I performed a test on my phone with connected to my wifi, and i got about 11 mbps. my roomates tried on their macbooks and phones and also received about 11mbps, along with my old PC. I searched forums to see if i could find a solution, thinking it may bet an issue with a setting on my wifi network. I found this forum [...] and tried all suggestions in this forum, to no avail. I brought my chromebook to work the next day and received 15mbps, while my work laptop and my phone connected to the same wifi, both received over 30mbps!!! Now, i know it's not my home wifi, it seems to be any wifi.I called samsung, and the guy immediately said there is a problem with the wifi card. he said there is no reason it should be slower than other devices on the same network. Didn't even try to troubleshoot. he said i need to send it in for repairs. But since i bought it on amazon, i called them and they shipped me a replacement two days later (amazon, you are rockstars!). I received the new chromebook at work and tested the speed. Guess what? only 15mbps, while my other devices received over 30mbps. So now i know it was not a malfunction with the original chromebook i received.I love the chromebooks concept. If I did not have this wifi issue, then i would complete give this 5 stars as it suits my needs. But i'm not going to open a youtube video and have to press pause while it loads so i can watch the video without interruptions. I refuse to do that, as that was one of the main reasons i wanted a new laptop to begin with.Normal browsing the internet is fine, but when it comes to playing videos on youtube, it's horrible! I even tried watching youtube videos at work, where i did receive faster download speed, and still the videos took long to load and were choppy. Not satisfied at all.Thanks to amazon, i'm sending this back and receiving a full refund. I've never had a apple computer, but once i receive the refund for the chromebook, i will be ordering the 11.6 inch macbook air.I wish my review would be good, but unfortunately, i'm not satisfied.If you don't watch videos online, then you can't really beat this device as far as price goes.I would give 5 stars on this product if there wasn't this wifi issue. IT'S A WIFI MACHINE, WHY IS IT NOT AS FAST AS MY OTHER DEVICES??Still a fan of Google, but this one didn't work out for me.Thanks for reading!
computer|I won't bore you with long details that others have already pointed out. But just to go over the PROs quickly, mine are:1. The keyboard blows away the Acer model, it's worth the extra $502. The trackpad is impressive. Not as great as a Macbook, but pretty darn close with the right click and scrolling functionalities.3. Fast boot timeI should say the greatest point is the ever-growing support for third party plug-ins. I bought this with the fear that it won't run certain web applications such as Adobe Connect. I was disappointed to find out it does not initially support Adobe Connect and was close to returning the Chromebook. However, after additional research I found out that there is a plug-in available in the Chrome Store that supports Adobe Connect. I crossed my fingers and tested the plug-in. Guess what? Works perfectly. I was stunned. I'm confident in a few months Google will sort out other limitations.
computer|Love this little machine. Already have a tablet but wanted something a little more for web browsing when I can't use apps. This is it! Was a little worried reading some reviews about how slow Chrome was when multiple tabs were running......nonsense. I found no issues....I run Google music while browsing multiple pages with no issues at all. Need reliable WiFi internet connection at all times for this to give you full potential.I will say......If you are not currently in, or not planning on entering, the Google ecosystem this system isn't for you. I'll explain for first timers.....I have Android phones, Android Tablet, Google TV, Gmail, Contacts, Calendars, All music and movies purchased and saved in Google Music, Google Drive for all my cloud storage etc..... Everything is there on all devices by logging on your Google account. If you want to keep everything separate(hotmail, I tunes for music, amazon instant video or whatever else out there) this machine isn't what your looking for...stick with a PC.
computer|This is a no frills netbook, needed something for traveling & did exactly what It says it will do. With updates & more apps this could become a very useful netbook. Been using it for a month now & have had no issues, works fine in offline mode & syncs up when you connect back.
computer|For the way I use a computer, this is the perfect fit. It's very lightweight, starts up quickly, and has a built-in security feature. And you can't beat the price.
computer|All I needed this for was basic internet surfing and e-mailing. This was pretty much ready to go out of the box. The easiest to set up! My only issue is that my Cisco wireless router came with a disk for install. I happen to have a USB disk drive handy so I was fine with it. Just an FYI for others who plan on installing programs with disks on the computer. You need to get a detachable drive.
computer|I recently purchased this chromebook with the intention of using it as a second PC. I am pretty amazed at what it can handle since its only a 250 dollar machine. The keyboard and the trackpad are excellent, the system is easy to use and if I cant do something within the chrome system I can easily remote into my home computer and do it there. I can say with certainty that this has become my daily driver - its zippy and light and certainly beats totting around my macbook pro. Google drive makes it easy to create excel, powerpoint and word docs and just about everything I need can be handled within Chrome. Love it, best 250 I have spent and better than a netbook.
computer|I bought this for my teenage daughter to use for school and chatting with friends and what not. So far it is exactly what we needed for her. All of her school work is saved in Google Docs and she can access them at school and work on it at school. I am seriously considering buying one for myself. We have an iPad as well, but it's nice to have the keyboard when sending email and writing reviews.
computer|For the 99% of us who use our laptop to surf, play games check email, Skype etc this is the best thing since the cell phone. No waiting for minutes to load, tons of programs out there, cloud storage for your info can be accessed from any computer, great keyboard
computer|Why no option for 0 stars? Similar to others who wrote critical reviews based on frequent crashes, I had a similar experience. Computer cannot be used because the OS/browser crashes, at times as frequently as every 5 seconds. Did everything recommended on the google help pages: update to latest version of OS, update router firmware, specific wi-fi security settings, factory reset, nothing helped. This experience clearly is not universal based on the average review, but it seems common enough based on my searching online and the negative end of the review spectrum on amazon. would think twice about this product at least until the OS is debugged.
computer|My background: I am in my final year of college and have used a unibody 15" MacBook Pro for the past 4 years. I am a bit of a tech geek and like exploring the different options out there, but certainly LOVED the premium feel and use of my MacBook Pro, however, it is no longer turning on anymore - so here I am at school without a computer.I have been using Google's 'Web Apps' for a while and I find docs/spreadsheets to do 99% of what I need. Otherwise I spend most of my time browsing, doing e-mail etc. The one thing I do use is Photoshop, which needs a more powerful machine than a small portable laptop anyway. Since I'm on a tight budget, and can't justify a MacBook Air (which really is not sufficient for much more than browsing anyway) I decided to spring for the Chromebook and get a desktop to use later on.I am very happy with my purchase, and find my experience to be similar to that of the reviews I have read. The hardware (specifically the excellent keyboard) are really 70-80% of the MacBook experience, with the track pad working very well and the keyboard being equally as good for my uses. This computer is excellent and does not disappoint at all - even when compared to the MacBook family. It is true that the screen is not as nice, but it is very usable, especially when considering the main uses of this computer (browsing, typing, reading articles).I have no problem with many tabs open and find pages to load completely satisfactorily. They do not load as smoothly as a brand new MacBook Pro - but I do not expect them to. I have not experimented with any video other than casual YouTube watching which has gone smoothly.I very rarely write reviews, but am so impressed with the value of this machine that I felt compelled to add to all of the great things people are saying.
computer|This little computer is what I've wanted in a PC for years: fast, fanless, quiet, and compact. It's all those things, and it's even better made than most Windows laptops that are twice the price. Chrome OS might not be for everyone, but it has major advantages (simplicity, automatic upgrades, security) and looks nice, too. I had initially been concerned that I would have trouble not being able to access Adobe or MS software, but the Chrome apps cover 90% of what I need to do, and for the other 10%, I can use Chrome Remote Desktop to connect to my PC and can run the software through the browser---it works amazingly well.The computer is almost perfect and for $250 ($330 for 3G) I am extremely satisfied. Here are the pros and cons as I see them:PROS- Completely quiet: no fans- Ventless and therefore versatile: you can use the computer anywhere, even in bed, without worrying about the computer's ventilation/overheating- Fast: it boots up amazingly quickly, and I have a hard time seeing any performance difference between this and Chrome on my desktop PC.- Nice UI: clean and simple, with lots of very useful and quick keyboard shortcuts- Matte screen: no annoying reflections on the screen, and you can use it in bright rooms with no trouble- Great keyboard and Mac-like trackpad: these really feel like they belong to a much more expensive computer- Very good battery life: minimum of 6.5 hours, up to 8-9 with low screen brightness- The 3G connection is good, connects quickly and seamlessly when WiFi is not available; connection is surprisingly fast for 3GCONS- Can't run some software (but Chrome Remote Desktop can solve this problem if you have a PC or server running the software)- Palmrest is a little too short for my large hands, which forces me to type with more "curl" than I'm used to to avoid having my palm rest on the edge somewhat uncomfortably. This could be an issue for "flat" typists, too.This is a superb value of a computer, and it's fun to be using an always-improving computer that's on what might be a new frontier of simpler computing in the cloud.
computer|There are lots of reviews on here that get into the specs, almost to a "consumer electronics" level. Ill keep it short and to the point!It's a great little laptop, very fast and light. If you are just using this to surf the web or watch videos, then you've found a winner. Speakers-good, screen-good, battery life-great! No cd drive, usb works great and is out of the way. Sd port sticks out just a little. Other than that, this things is great, it's the same size as and iPad and probably lighter, not to mention a fraction of the price. $287, to my doorstep... not a bad deal!
computer|it boots in under 5 seconds the second i open the lid. it runs many apps that you can't get in the chrome web storeits incredibly light100gb on google drive when you register it have not had to plug in in in nearly 2 weeksawesome design and carry through and will only get better
computer|I've had this for about a week and am very impressed. It performs exactly as advertised. It is small and light, yet well made so that it doesn't feel as though its fragile. I actually bought this for my wife, and she loves it. She only needs it be on the web, so the concept is perfect. We have three kids, so she constantly needs to step away from the computer then jump back on. The Chromebook boots up extremely quickly, making this possible. I'm actually thinking of getting one for myself, as its faster to use for surfing the web than my current laptop. For the price, this thing is beyond a bargain.
computer|The fact that the new chromebook does not have fans is odd and this thing just runs quiet and cold. It is similar to a tablet in that respect. So far compared to my old 11" Acer chromebook the performance is about the same, battery life is better but not by much, and the form fact is much better. (so thin). The camera is not great but works fine for #hangouts or other video conference.The keyboard and trackpad are also a huge improvement and it is comparable to the MacBook Air (although the MBA feels more solid but it is pretty close for a system that is 4 - 5x cheaper depending on the model.
computer|I was very excited when I first heard about this product, I was already a heavy user of google services so this seemed like a worth while idea. I am a physical therapist and our office use a cloud based electronic documentation software, I have tried android tablets, ipads, netbooks, but they were all either too slow or too hard to enter large amounts of data into. Tablets are great to consume information but to enter it, they don't work well. This computer is the perfect mix of both. Fast, light easy to carry around, and easy to use.I never intended this to take the place of my macbook pro at home, but over the last few days it actually has.
computer|I had already cut the umbilical cord to most MS products so converting to this product was perhaps easier for me than most. I was also already using the Chrome browser. But I debated this purchase because there were a few programs I still used on the PC.I finally convinced myself to buy because I could run those programs (or equivalents on Linux). Well it turns out, I have found everything I needed in the Chrome OS universe. I think with a little looking, many of you also will find there are different ways of doing things, and maybe like me, you will find the different ways are even better.I'm giving this a five star because I'm pleased as punch with this machine. The only very minor problem was that initially it was difficult to get my headphone's plug in and out of the headphone jack. Also the machine at times seems a tad slow serving pages compared to my old laptop.I travel a lot so the tiny weight of this machine is a major advantage.I love the design of this machine. When Chromebook first came out I was really disappointed that the initially models were just as heavy as PC laptops. I was waiting for this machine for several years.I'm looking forward to buying a new machine in two years (hopefully Google will still offer free cloud storage with a purchase.)The only change I'd like to see is metal body. I'm not sure there is a market for this but I would certainly be willing to pay more. Samsung has produced an elegant, fully functional, machine at an incredible $249. I'm extremely happy with my purchase.
computer|This is a great buy. Among the things that are good about it there only a few things, that, with a little thinking you can get around.At $250, there isn't a laptop that matches up with this Chromebook, its fast on, fast on the internet, and a quick little thing.College students will love this product, I am a Junior in college, and I find that some other laptops are too big to just sit around and type on, and tablets, while I own one, are to harder to type papers on. This Chromebook is a good mix of both, it gives you the keyboard that you need, and it gives you the ability to carry it around like a tablet would. I am typing on it right now, and I have to say it is fast. Now people will say yeah but it doesn't have windows or anything. Well since the update that Google pushed out, giving the Chromebook the ability to control a windows device remotely I have to say that, that argument is no longer valid. The application works great and gives me the ability to use my desktop as a way to use Office, I haven't had a problem with it. Then there is the battery life, I plug it in at night and the next morning I throw it in my bag and go, by the time I get home, after a day full of classes, I still have enough power to do some web browsing, it can easily last a day, with moderate use.Now yeah there are a few problems with it, first the laptop itself isn't the most well built product, and the keyboard again isn't the best in the industry, and the OS itself has some issues. But don't let those little things push you away from getting this laptop, I myself am excited to see what the future holds for Google's Chrome OS. I highly recommend this product to college students and to the everyday internet user. It is the best value for your $250 bucks.
computer|First let me say that this is a great little computer, especially if you are familiar with Google's products (gmail, chrome, drive, etc). PLEASE do your research and know what the computer is capable of doing and not doing. It's not a complete replacement for a windows/mac PC.My only beef with this upon unboxing and start-up was I kept getting very slow web page load times and even kept getting kicked off my home wifi network (that previously had worked without problems on a PC). As you can imagine this was very frustrating at first, obviously smooth internet connectivity is crucial to get the most out of a Chromebook.Did some research and found this was not an uncommon problem with this model Chromebook (Samsung 550). Do a google search for &#34;chomebook wifi connectivity problems&#34; or similar and you'll see what I'm talking about.In short, to fix this I had to tweak 2 of my home WiFi routers settings. This forced me to educate myself on some WiFi &#34;lingo&#34;.FULL DISCLOSURE: I am not a tech geek, these steps below are just to point you in the right direction if you are having similar issues, not a comprehensive step by step! Your mileage may vary!1. To remedy slow page load times, I had to change my encryption settings on my wifi router from WEP (a setting NO ONE should be using, I learned) to WPA2-PSK. This is a much more secure setting anyway and seems to work with chromebooks that are having very slow page load times running off home wifi (not 3G).2. To remedy the issue of occasionally (often) losing my wifi connection, I had to change my wifi router's network mode (ie: b/g/n) to just broadcasting on the g network only. Apparently if you live in an area where other wifi networks are broadcasting on mixed modes, the Samsung 550s get &#34;confused&#34; and will bump you off. I have not had any problems connecting to public wifi networks with this machine!Once I made these changes I am rocking just fine on this very low cost, super fast startup, no noisy fan having, seemingly well built machine!
computer|I am absolutely in LOVE with this item. When I had a laptop I felt like I did not use most of the features as most of what I tend to do I do on websites with a few documents here or there. I had a netbook but it was slower than slow. I got rid of my laptop and netbook for a Kindle Fire HD with Blue Tooth keyboard but the keyboard was always too glitchy and trying to do any typing of substance even with that keyboard was too tedious for me. This Chromebook is the perfect thing for someone looking for a smallish laptop to do emails, facebook, blogs, documents, you tube, web browsing and that sort of thing on. It is light weight, the keyboard is awesome with each key spaced out nicely, and the best part is that it has no fan so it is quiet and does not get your lap warm. I can type just as fast on this as any regular keyboard, which is fast! It is super simple to set up and get started. I love that for each of my gmail accounts I can have a separate user on this device so everything is customized differently. I could not be happier with this and I am so glad I bought it.
computer|It just works, does everything I've asked of it very quickly, very simply, and without a lot of geek type fanfare.
computer|The Google OS runs every time and has yet to crash, No pesty flash adds or disruptions, very smooth functioning. Just what I need in a laptop.
computer|I have been using my Chromebook for about 2 weeks and I really like it. I am a student and really enjoy the portability and simplicity of the device.Pros:Very Good Trackpad and Keyboard. I was expecting the trackpad to be slow and non-responsive. Much to my surprise, it was a delight to use. Multi-touch gestures like two finger scrolling worked very well. My only complaint was that it would sometimes interpret my clicks as right clicks in certain situations. The keyboard was also very nice. I own a Samsung Series 7 17-inch notebook with a very nice keyboard. This Chromebook has just as good of keyboard.Quick Startup Time. The machine boots in less than 10 seconds everytime. Very nice for students like me who don't want to deal with a PC or Mac that boots in a minute or two.Portability. At 11 inches and 2.4 pounds, this device takes up almost no space in my backpack. Very easy to lug around.Chrome Browser. This device at its heart is a web-browsing device and it does this extremely well. Sometimes, certain websites will be a bit jerky when scrolling through them and sometimes the RAM will get bogged down by too many pages but for the most part its a joy to use. If you come in with the mindset that this is solely a web-browsing device, you will really enjoy this device.Battery Life. 6 hours of use is easily attainable with this device. Sometimes 7 if you aren't watching movies.Cons:Low-Quality Display. Whites and blacks are not very pretty or deep. Picture gets washed out if not looking at the device from the proper angle. Pretty much you get what you pay for. Not a dealbreaker, but something you may want to see in person before you buy. Videos look decent though.Chrome Web Store. The Chrome store has a decent amount of apps but there are many things that just aren't possible with this device. Any game or graphically intensive app either won't run on this device or will run slowly. Also, because this device is ARM-based and not x86-based, several applications on the store don't work on this device. Most notably Netflix won't run on the Chromebook. They say that they are trying to change it, which I'm sure they will soon, but its still a bummer.Build Quality. This device is all plastic which keeps the weight down but doesn't feel at all like a premium product. If you push the bottom, middle part of the display on the back, it bends very easily. Again this isn't a deal breaker as the device never feels like it will break. You just get what you pay for.Speed. Because of the ARM chip and small amount of RAM, there isn't quite as snappy as a lot of modern computers. This is completely understandable for the price but you shouldn't buy this device thinking it will be a speed demon.Overall, this is an absolutely fantastic value. I bought it mostly for watching Youtube videos and taking notes which this device does very well. It constantly surprises me at how capable it is for all of my day to day needs. It's tough for me to recommend this computer as someone's only computer because there are certain apps like iTunes and Skype that are crucial for many people and won't run on this device. It's a great secondary computer to take around with you in your backpack.
computer|Best netbook on the market for the price. Fast start up, tied into all things Google. Very light ,fast and I like it.I would have given it 5 stars but couple of limitations with Java pluggins while browsing and the top screen will not fold open 180 degrees so viewing the screen can be restricted if the base is slanted down towards the the user. It only folds like this _/ when I would like it to fold open a bit more sometimes.
computer|I absoutely love my new chromebook! It's fast, light, quiet and has amazing battery life. I bought this as a second laptop mainly for travel and for surfing the web. Its also amazing to have 100GB free google drive storage and the 12 free GoGo in flight wifi passes. So happy I bought this- very easy to use and setup. Great for travel.
computer|We purchased this for our 14 year old daughter for Christmas to take back and forth to school. We figured the price was right and if something happened to it we wouldn't be out a lot of money. She absolutely loves her chromebook. She uses google.docs at school so this system was perfect for her. It took her less than 5 minutes to figure it out. My daughter loves the size and weight of this chromebook and even her friends who have the "fancy" laptops wish theirs were the same size and weight. Linda
computer|Great little machine ... small, light with a long-lasting battery. Perfect for travel and someone who just needs a basic computer for word processing, email and internet.
computer|I bought this computer to be a backup computer . It works for very basic functions like email and internet browsing , any other thing like downloading pictures from my Iphone or registering a GPS with the factory I could not do. I think Google created the Chrome OS and them forgot it . The Chrome application store is confusing and the business partner they choose for the microsoft compatible Apps Zoho , is the most complicated company I've ever seen . Keep it s it is , forget the apps.
computer|Wow. As a student, I must say this Chromebook is a life saver.Have you ever wanted to remain productive during a whole day spent at classes, but couldn't lug your huge laptop around? Look no further. I always used to catch myself with 10 or 15 minutes to spare before class, or waiting for a professor to arrive. This thing boots up seconds (still amazes me every time I use it), always brings up what you've been working on, and syncs everything flawlessly. I get so much done in those spurts of time. I love the keyboard (I tried being productive with a tablet and connected keyboard...never worked). Typing and opening excel spreadsheets (accounting major) has worked great and transfers onto my big ol' laptop without a problem because everything's online and ready to go. In fact, I grab my Chromebook to type things up even when in my room next to my laptop. It's more comfortable and isn't slowed down by my anti-virus software. It doesn't make noises or heat up either. It brings up all my lecture notes without a problem. And you can bring up multiple windows! You don't know how excited that makes me.The Chromebook is light weight and tiny. You barely feel it's there in your bag. I've gotten many complements on how cute it is. I've read about some people being unhappy with the quality of the screen. I honestly don't notice it at all. It's matte, which I actually prefer. When going back to my laptop, it takes some time to get used to the glossy glare of a normal screen. If I wanted to watch an HD movie, I'd look into buying a TV. It plays Netflix very well.Browsing the web is quick and easy. It has a HDMI port. Also has two USB ports, so the storage isn't lacking. I keep everything on Google Drive and then when I know I won't be working on it again, transfer it to my laptop or USB.Don't kid yourself. For $250 you aren't getting a state of the art computer, but you certainly do get more than you paid for. It's a functional, easy, simple, and, most importantly, productive piece of technology. I'm not worried for it to get a little banged up with the normal wear and tear of bringing it around because of the price. It's definitely priced to be used functionally!Would recommend to a student or someone who wants something for browsing.
computer|Continually crashed and got a lot of strange errors.I tried getting advice from Google Chrome forums. Finally reinstalled the system software. No luck.The best part about this product was that Amazon did a great job with delivering it before Christmas. I would like to think that this computer was just a lemon but I saw too many other people with the same bugs.
computer|I ordered this as a Christmas gift. She got one month of usage. My daughter was using it, the screen went black, and now it turns on, but the screen stays black (with a slight back light). It will not load. Waste of money.
computer|As a writer always on the go...I have found this little chromebook to be my very best friend. I can write things offline and sync with my dropbox when WIFI is present. Light and boots very fast. Just needs Netflix and its golden!
computer|I thought this would just be so-so. Instead, it's exceptional and has become my all day. every day machine. Battery life great, fit and finish top notch. Love the instant on, and the extensions and apps for chrome make the thing almost 100% a replacement for a traditional laptop. Around my office they are calling this the poor man's MacBook Air. But I actually like it better than the Air. I just can't believe how inexpensive it is. It just exudes quality.Right-clicking is a bit tricky. Other than that, wow!
computer|This little gadget is alot nicer then I expected for the $. Very nice keypad and touchpad quick to startup and last about seven hours on a charge. So far I've used it for surfing, email, and youtube and playing some of the google app games. I really like the idea of all the google apps, docs and cloud drive so you can find all you stuff anywhere you log in. The screen resolution and sound are also very nice for a small laptop I will be taking this everywhere I go...Rob D
computer|This is a terrific little device.Pros:- Hardware feels very solid- Keyboard is nice, easy and quick to type on- Love Chrome OS for a fast, simple experience- Price!- Performance - runs well for everything I've done thus farCons: - None yetI will admit, that the trackpad took a bit of getting used to, but I quite like it now. The two figure gestures are great.The bottom line - if you're looking for a lightweight, yet powerful web browser based machine, this is it. You obviously can't do everything a Windows or Mac machine will do for you, but if your use case is such that you only need a browser, this is great and won't disappoint! Perfect machine for 90% of PC users.
computer|This things amazing - the point people HAVE TO UNDERSTAND is that this computer is a NEW GENERATION of laptop and you will need to re-educate yourself (To Some Extent) on how to use it's features.There's a lot of 'urban legend' talk out there, and every single one of them I have read is false. Google has a HUGE education interface site that explains the how what and whys of making the Chromebook your own. I've been computing since W95 and as far as I'm concerned The Gang at Microsoft is living in the dark ages.I won't even go down the egotistic road of Apple.Don't complain about the small amount of storage - for the price of the Chromebook buy yourself a 1T external drive and get over it. There are quite a few here at Amazon for around 100 duckets. Simple solution to a supposed 'problem'.Pros: EverythingCons: People bad mouthing something they haven't taken the time to understand. For those, I would suggest and overpriced laptop w/o this level of performance.Take care!
computer|Love this new model! Purchased a Series 5 from Samsung through Amazon last year, and it is stillperforming perfectly. When I saw they had a new one out, I decided I would try it and I must sayI like it! It amuses me when I read the reviews that people are still not reading exactly what aChromebook does, and then leaving reviews that are less than flattering. A little homework goesa long way and between the product description and helpful reviews you should be able to know exactlywhat you're getting and what it will do. I use this mostly for internet, email etc. and have never hada single problem with my first one in the last year. Set-up is a cinch and the battery life is phenomenal!I would not hesitate to recommend this model to anyone. Love the new keyboard and new design. I do own an iPadbut I really like to have a keyboard for many of the things I do online. Try it you won't be disappointed!
computer|I am typing this from my Samsung Chromebook using Mozilla Firefox, XFCE desktop environment, LightDM display manager, and Ubuntu 13.04 Raring Ringtail. This allows me to use applications offline such as LibreOffice, GIMP, Apache web server, OpenShot video editor, and many others. On boot-up I have the option of selecting the Ubuntu operating system (in this case on an SDHC card) or continuing to ChromeOS. It took several hours to troubleshoot the installation of Ubuntu 13.04, though 12.04 (which I installed first) installed smoothly. In a few months the problems may be resolved, and there will probably be a well-established path to installing Ubuntu 13.04. I chose 13.04 because it is receiving more attention from the developers, particularly with support for hardware video acceleration.I also noticed that 720p video with H.264 in the ChromeOS environment is not entirely smooth, but still very watchable. What a great little laptop at 2.4 pounds, no heat, no fan to make noise, no hard drive to complain when you move it, and 6+ hours battery life!Edit: I measured the battery runtime at 5 hours 20 minutes from unplug to shutdown in Ubuntu as described. The shutdown came as a surprise since the battery level indicator was not updating. I was doing light web browsing, wifi on, bluetooth off, optical wired mouse, no dimming of the display, or any other power management as far as I can tell. No doubt ChomeOS with its power management features will provide longer runtime.
computer|I have been extremely happy with my new Chromebook. Most of what I do, both personal and for work (I'm a web developer & Blackboard Admin at a small university), I can do with the Chromebook, Gmail & Google Docs. There are some things, like Netflix, Java and Citrix Receiver that either don't work, or don't work because our server setup doesn't support it.The system boots really quickly... It's a browser. The full sized keyboard is nice for email or blogging, and I easily hook up to free WIFI and have created several YouTube videos from my car from the Chromebook sitting on my dashboard. Good battery life, and recharges quickly.I have used both a flash & external hard drive via the USB ports to save and view various files. HMDI hooked up easily to my HDTV and I played a game and viewed a YouTube video with good sound.I bought a cheap Cisco Linksys WIFI router for home, and even though the Chromebook doesn't have a CD/DVD drive, was able to set up a secure home network using an online menu.Used Bluetooth (needs a dongle) to push wireless audio from iHeart Radio from the Chromebook to a Logitech wireless speaker system Z515.Can use Gmail and Google Docs "offline" and then when I get WIFI access again, the docs & emails are automatically uploaded.[...]
computer|First, I am a huge fan of the Chromebooks and had one of the last generation from my work. I bought the $250 Chromebook about two months ago as a personal laptop and have been very happy with it.First thing to know, THIS IS NOT A REGULAR LAPTOP. You don't download and run programs like you do with Windows or Macs. Imagine everything you do in your web browser like mail, Google Docs, Facebook, Netflix, Hulu, web browser games, etc. Please make sure you understand what this laptop is and does. I use it for school and only the thing that didn't work for me was MiniTab, a statistical program which only runs on windows.If you had an older version of a Chromebook, this is much lighter and thinner! I consider it a perfect travel laptop and have taken it on a couple of trips already. There is a trade-off between battery life and CPU speed, because the Samsung 5 was slower (to the point of being a negative) but the battery life was 9+ hours - really. I downloaded movie AVIs and literally watched movies for a 6 hour flight. So, overall I am happy with the trade-off and like the beefier CPU with 6 hours of battery. The extra USB port is good as I like to have a wireless mouse and sometimes put in a USB key.Security wise, you can not ask for a better laptop. All code is signed and downloaded from Google. You can not add software unless you put it in developer mode, which you can clearly see warnings to avoid confusion. No malware can exist and Google has hacking bake-offs to find and pay information security researchers.Overall, the 'Poor Mans MacBook Air' is a total winner at $250. Really: no virus, patching, reloading stuff, and the typical computer things you have to do. Patches apply automatically and since everything is stored in the cloud, you can wipe it and be working in minutes.Last thing, if you need PC remote control - there is a Chrome Remote from Google. No frills or whistles, but it works.
computer|I bought this for a family member who is very hard on laptops. With a SSD instead of a spinning harddrive, I don't have to cringe so bad when she tosses it onto the couch or bed. With everything on the cloud, I don't have to worry about losing precious data if it were to break in the future. Not having the ability to install 10 million windows applications, great. Not having to pay the price for a Mac OSX laptop, even better.Pros:Price, SSD.Fast bootup, less than 10 seconds.Wife really likes it.Lightweight.Cons:No internet connection, most of the computers usefulness goes away.No Netflix (as of 11-24-12, appears to be a issue with the netflix software and the ARM processor in this Chromebook, works on other Chromebooks, I personally expect this to be fixed within a few months, but, I don't work for Netflix or Google)No Skype (currently)Touchpad is not as nice as the one on my MacBook Pro (but, still, for $250, it isn't bad)Bottom line, if you can do it in a Chrome broswer, you can do it with this laptop (with a few exceptions). Some people will be better off with a netbook, or tablet, so, your mileage may vary. We love it so far.
computer|I remember seeing the release of the first gen Chromebooks a few months ago, and they really piqued my interest. At the time, I did not have enough money to purchase one, so I decided to wait. Once again, waiting paid off. When I saw the commercial for the new Samsung Chromebook, and that it was only $249, I knew it was what I've been looking for.I waited almost four weeks to receive my new Samsung Chromebook. It was definitely worth the wait! I'm a sophomore in college taking multiple online courses, and I needed something light and portable for those typical college student coffee house trips. I have a Motorola XOOM wifi tablet that I love to death, but it just wasn't cutting it. I have a three year old HP G-series laptop that I have been wanting to replace for about six months. Its battery only lasts 10 minutes, rendering it almost completely useless when it comes to mobility. I almost got another Windows computer, but I am so glad I didn't.This computer is extremely lightweight. What a difference between it and my old HP. I love the fact that there is no fan, making this the quietest computer I've ever encountered. Startup is lightning fast. It takes maybe 8 seconds to turn on, and about 3 seconds to wake up from sleep mode. The small 16GB hard drive kind of worried me at first, but the included free 100GB of storage on Google Drive definitely makes up for the lack of built in storage. The build quality is excellent in comparison to its price. The keyboard is firm, and the trackpad somewhat reminds me of those on a MacBook. The auto dimming feature is pretty cool, although it can become aggravating. I would have to say that my favorite app so far is the Chrome Remote Desktop Beta app. It's basically like having all the data from my old HP put onto this sleek new Samsung device.I will say that at first I was skeptical about how useful this laptop would be, but after a day's use discovering all the cool features and tricks this little Samsung has rolled up its sleeve, I can now see that this is probably the smartest buy I've made all year.
computer|Bigger than a netbook, weight of an ultrabook without the hefty price tag, it hits the perfect sweet spot of causal web browsing and light work processing. I bought it for my boyfriend after he complained of his notebook being too heavy. I know he doesn't use his notebook enough to justify purchasing an expansive ultrabook. Google drive now supports offline editing and it automatically syncs when it is online. A full size keyboard. It is easier to type than my tablet with keyboard. The screen is a bit too glossy but it is only $250. Make sure you get the ARM version. There is an older version with Celeron. The ARM version is more responsive and the battery lasts longer.
computer|The Samsung Chromebook is the most ideal hardware you can take on the go at 2.4lbs, while only being .7" thick. While being limited to the browser and a few other apps, the chromebook is also technically limited to what the internet has to offer! Which is a shitload, fellas. It's as if you entered a beautiful life-supporting planet. Actually to more accurately put it, you can do most things an average user would need to use on the Chrome OS. However, the Chromebook should not be treated as a desktop replacement. A PC will always be much more better for high intensity tasks such as video editing and gaming. While the 3g edition is not available, tethering is still very possible on phones! FoxFi (tethering) worked flawlessly with the Chromebook.In preparation of going to the Google Cloud, I've been using the Google Play Music Manager and Chrome already. The Google Play music player is quite impressive; you can easily edit song info, album photos, etc very easily. You're playing music that you've uploaded to the cloud with it too, and you're always welcome to download all your music from it from any PC. I'm pretty certain you can still listen to music off-line if you've downloaded it.One of the things that impressed me was the sound quality. The sound really exceeded my expectations... it not being complete junk! The build quality also is very good and looks flawless. It has a fan-less design as well, so there's pretty much no noise being produced. The track pad is highly acclaimed by other reviewers, but I found myself struggling to use it. However I was already not a fan of track pads since I learned that you could not play Counter-Strike 1.6 on it years ago. Heh. There's also the SD expansion slot too fellas, but I've seen in a review that it doesn't fit flush into the laptop, but most laptops are like that. The keyboard is a pretty good size itself, but I was mistyping a few things but that's simply because I'm too used to a keyboard. The charger is very small, but what worries me is that the charging pin may break from being too thin. The performance feels very similar to my quad-core desktop, that is loaded with an SSD as well.This series does have bluetooth support, and it was not mentioned much in many reviews. My BackBeat 903 bluetooth headset didn't seem to pair properly so I'm not too sure if bluetooth audio sets will work on the Chromebook, but BT Mice are definitely supported. USB storage devices work pretty well too, but I have yet to test playing videos or movies off of them. There are specific file formats that the Chromebook can play, so make sure you have files converted.The only thing that I found to dislike was the matte screen. I'm simply used to glossy screens and find matte doesn't look very sophisticated on electronical devices. Taking a look at glossy and matte photos may change your view on it. Well actually, to add to the disliking, Google really needs to step up because they've been slacking their asses off with Netflix support for the past few weeks but I do believe it was functional at one point on other chrome books.Ultimately, Google and Samsung deserve some high fives, and most general users should enjoy this notebook. Maybe you can brag about how fast your chromebook turns on to that chick you've been dying to talk to. See, the possibilities are limitless!
computer|I just received my new ChromeBook today. I love the quick setup of Chrome! I have two ChromeOS devices at the office (a Samsung ChromeBook 5 550, and a ChromeBox) so I'm familiar with Chrome as a user, and I just popped it out of the box this afternoon, connected, and it downloaded an update, my "Chromeness" ;-) , and then I was good to go. Have just used it a couple of hours, but I'm quite impressed so far. The keyboard feels very nice, the display is clear and bright and it's a pleasure to use. I've used it to make a Google phone call and a Google videoconference. It's carrying 1/2 the memory and a slower processor than the ChromeBook 5 550, but I've not seen a performance difference so far. Have not tried video streaming yet, nor graphically intense web sites, but I do have 12 browser tabs open now.Overall, it has a build "feel" that's just as good as the 5 550, and $200 less. For $249, it's hard to beat for most of what I need to do that's not handled by my iPad and iPhone ;-)
computer|Given that the majority of computer users spent 90% or more of their time online, why would you spend so much money on a computer that you will basically use for the internet? You don't need 16 GB of RAM to run a browser.Of course, I would recommend holding on to your old PC to do tasks that Google can't accomplish yet but you'll quickly find that your old PC will be gathering dust because most of what you do is online.The Chromebook is basically an internet appliance as everything it does revolves around accessing the internet. I highly, highly recommend it.
computer|Received wi-fi Chromebook 11/26/12, ordered 11/13/12. Box arrived undamaged. Set up only took about five or six minutes to update the browser. Surfed to usual sites/apps: Amazon streaming video runs fine; no problems with Youtube; Pandora and Iheartradio all worked fine. Speakers are what I expected, not great but not bad for my needs. Boot up and page loading are fast. Now back in the box until Christmas. I'm going to like this gadget.
computer|Received my Chromebook today. Booted it up, problem with Operating System. Called for support. Resolution: Go Buy 4GB Flash Drive and reinstall OS with complex instruction set OR pay to return and pay to have Samsung fix for me. No other options. Samsung and Google have both abdicated responsibility, choosing to losing me forever as a customer.
computer|I am a 20+ year Mac guy and so far it has proven to be pretty amazing! We are evaluating it for classroom use with our school customers and it shows amazing potential!
computer|It may not be perfect but I have no complaints. Battery lasts 7 hours, trackpad is smooth, keyboard is good, display is very good. Chrome OS is good. The app store takes some searching but no big deal. I can't use gnucash is my only complaint. But since chrome OS is built on top of linux I hope gnucash for chromebook is an app soon.
computer|what a machine !!! or is the Google Cloud ecosystem?i have been using chromebooks, since the CR-48 prototype. For me this one is the third generation...and the home run.... though the Samsung 550 is a wonderful machine, too, but at near twice the price.Warning: this not a standard PC laptop where you can use all of your own software. Instead you use free Google apps stored in the cloud, which can do most of what you want to do.chromebooks are the future but there will be a learning curve involved before you're fully up to speed. Don't make assumptions --e.g.: that working in Chrome is always the same as working in Windows -- or you will experience frustration.chromebook works best as a second computer until you're thru learning curve. Personally, now, i am ready to unload about 5 other computers lying around house unused since going Chromebook ..but i've been at it for a while.But go for it because this is the one that can change every everything.SECOND THOUGHTS (week later):i have trouble reading the screen. It seems lighter and smaller than my Samsung 500 Chromebook. Part of my problem is old eyes but this may be a deal breaker for me.other negative issues have to with less than optimal connectivity to wifi source, including hanging up and annoying unscheduled disconnects.i previously tried the Samsung 5 550 Chromebook and greatly preferred it, other than its price.(At one point i was leaning i'm leaning toward returning the new Samsung and trying the Acer C7 $199 hybrid Chromebook, leastwise but more i checked it out, the Acer C7 looks more and more like a cobbled together answer to misplaced objections about not enough physical storage on the machine)THIRD THOUGHTS:The glitchy connectivity seems to have resolved itself. I can live with the less than perfect screen and will stick with this Generation 3 machine.The prior Samsung 5 550 model still works best but at twice the cost.FOURTH THOUGHTS:after remote updates, all of the Samsung Chromebooks are good and the new machines are not all that much better than earlier ones.Conclusion: Maybe, it's the Google cloud computing ecosystem and not the new hardware that's the real home run?
computer|After waiting about 2 weeks the day finally arrived when my Chromebook was delivered. I must say from the minute I pulled it out of the box I was impressed. I had previously used one of the more expensive models as a Mollen nurse and could not believe how fast they were and how incredibly long the battery lasted. At several of the clinics the battery lasted the whole 10 hour shift!The initial setup went very fast, I would say less than 10 minutes from pulling it out of the box I was up and running. Page changes are lightening fast. My email, 104 messages, loaded in seconds. I visited some of my favorite sites and all pages displayed perfectly and very quickly.I then set up my wife's gmail account and she was up and running within seconds. The keyboard does take a little getting used to, but other than that I could not be more impressed with this device. I will be buying a second one for my wife and will definitely recommend this to my friends at school and family.I watched a movie on it and the sound and picture quality were just fine. Granted it is not a theater type experience, but I did not anticipate it would be. For 249 dollars you cannot go wrong with this little beauty.
computer|I thought I'd just give my quick opinion.This is the perfect match for your typical college student.The Samsung ChromeBook @ $250 bucks is a steal for any college student who needs something to simply write word docs(or other office type programs), listen to music, and watch youtube. This machine is capable of doing more, but if you simply need something for school, like for taking notes, this is perfect.An amazing product that has great built quality for the price, and is fully functional given you have internet( I dont think this will be an issue for college students sense 99% of universities I'm sure offer free wifi).Buy this now if you simply need something for school and don't want to empty your bank account. There's no point in buying a $1000 laptop knowing it probably won't last you more then three years.**NoteYou can still access most features even if you don't have internet like typing a word doc, reading docs, etc...Though like I said before, given you're a college student you typically always have wifi whether at home, school, or a local McDonalds.
computer|I love this. Very light, easy to use and fast. It does all I need it to do. I have a MacBook Pro which I use mainly for work but I just need cloud computing so this is more than adequate for that. I won't be using my macbook much more now with this - so much faster. Ultra portable, very fast and love the chrome products. Highly recommended for what this can do.
computer|Great laptop for internet email/surfing, great battery life.OS is fast and easy. Can have 20 tabs of Chrome open and no slowdown whatsoever. Even my desktop can't do that.Works perfect for me as my work is all on gmail and google drive.Google hangout is WAY better than skype.Very durable.Thanks Amazon for quick delivery when it was sold out everywhere!
computer|First, my frame of reference: I have a computer hooked up to every tv in the house (two to the living room tv), two computers in my son's room, an iPad, a Galaxy Tab, and a bunch of vintage macs and old Dell Inspirons that I like to mod and play with. My newest computer until now is over two years old. The one I use most until now is my 2006 MacBook Pro, but I do use my tablets quite a bit (iPad at home, Tab out and about).Mostly what I actually USE my computers and tablets for is just watching videos, emailing, and surfing the web. I wasn't planning on making any changes in equipment until after the holidays, but I really like this little thing a lot.The display is not the best. It's dimmer than I would like it to be. The ARM processor is maybe a little slower than I would like it to be. But this is compared to other laptops. Compared to the tablets, including tablets I've tested with the intent being to upgrade from what I have, this is a better user experience. Much better. The trackpad is multitouch and awesome. The keyboard is good-sized and feels great to use. The Chromebook is also a better user experience for me than what I've had on most netbooks, because of the apps and the cloud. It even comes with a USB 3.0 port, which helps a lot in shuffling around content. I haven't liked a laptop this much since my 12 inch powerbook G4. Maybe not even since the iBook Key Lime Clamshell.
computer|Out of the box this was great. Ran Hulu, it crashed and went black. I don't remember how we got it to come back online, but it did. Today, had multiple tabs open, closed the lid, came back to it about 20 minutes later and I am experiencing what I am calling the black screen of death. Power button won't turn the device off or on although a white light is showing on the power button. ESC button won't bring it out of it's current state. Contacted the Chrome Ninjas, waiting to hear back on what I need to do with this thing. I may have received a lemon, will see if I need to return it or not.Overall experience besides this not-coming-back-to-life-state, is that it is pretty darn cool; I'm a big fan of Google products. Will see where this goes, will update with answers, as I can't imagine I am the only one out there experiencing this issue.
computer|For 99% of the things you do with a computer online these days, this meets that need. It's not replacing my macbook pro but it certainly is replacing it in terms of the time I spend dorking around on the tubes reading the news, email, etc. For $250, google has a real winner here.
computer|I gave this product 5 stars despite its clear limitations. No one is saying that the Samsung Chromebook can do everything that your Macbook Air can, but I will say that it can do most of the things that students use their laptops for, and for a fraction of the price. When on the go and not connected to wifi I use the offline docs editing feature and do whatever writing I need to get done. If I want to make a document look nice I'll use the Chrome Remote Desktop app to fullscreen into my headless Windows box sitting at home. It feels like I'm on the desktop. I'll open the Gdoc from the web browser on that computer, then paste the text into Word and format it.I love this thing's physical features. It's incredibly light and thin, and it's true that it's not as pretty as an Air. There's a lump on the top where the hinge for the display is, and the plastic scratches super easily. I don't care one bit. The ports on the back aren't as convenient as they would be on the side, but it's what they had to do to make it so thin and cheap. The screen, when closed, presses against the keys and picks up any finger residue. That's one of the main issues, but it's a price I'm happy to pay.I was using the Google SR-48 prototype Chromebook prior to this one, and the biggest complaint I have is battery life. It's 6 hours and more than enough for me but I feel less invincible than I did before, as the battery would last forever.My bottom line: If you're able to adapt to the Google way of doing things and jive with it, you can get any productivity task done on this machine for a measly amount of money. It's a fantastic product, miles better than stupid netbooks and a grand cheaper than sexy Ultrabooks. Good for any student. Perfect for writing - they keyboard feels great! And of course it's fine as a web browser. It will run Netflix and Youtube just fine, though some web protocols don't run as fast as they ought.
computer|The Chromebook is very good for a computer for casual browsing on the internet. The pros and cons i'm sure have been stated by other reviewers but i'll list a few i really think are important.Pros:-Boots in seconds.-Price(Got it for 250 at best buy)-Very slim and lightweight.-Google docs is a good Microsoft office substitute.Cons:-Tiny screen(compared to my previous laptop)-It cannot run software regular computers can such as Microsoft office, etc.-Needs wifi to be usefulI want to restate THIS IS NOT A NORMAL PC. You cannot download things to it like a PC with windows. I know people who bought this computer because it was so cheap, but had no idea what it was. They were then disgruntled over this fact and decided it was no good. For a college students such as my self this is perfect. Its easy to carry around and with wifi all over the school you have no problems. If i need programs like mathematica, visual c++ and if i absolutely need to use Microsoft office for a specific project i just use the school's computers. For the the average person using a computer to browse the web, check email, or typing simple word documents this computer is ideal.This definitely gets 5 stars.
computer|Bought this for the wife as she was always causing something 'crazy' to go wrong on my Sony Vaio and it was a mistake to give this to her -- I want it! No, seriously! It's fast, sleek and sexy. Can't really comment on the performance specs but it beats the living heck out of what I'm now forced to use. I'm getting one for myself!
computer|I was skeptical at first about this computer but have to say that it has become my primary computer. I owned a macbook pro when I bought this computer but bought this computer hoping to wean my way out of the apple ecosystem. I was able to upload my iTunes library to google music and move everything else over to google drive. So let me break down my experience so far.I was really worried about this computer because of the horror reviews on this site. However, when I got the package from amazon all those horror stories didn't mean a thing. Everything worked perfectly out of the box. The keyboard is truly a dream to work on. I am able to open .zip and .rar files natively and there are extensions or web apps that replace everything I did on my macbook pro. After a couple of weeks with the computer I decided to sell my macbook pro, and now I am completely apple free! No more worrying about my computer being outdated anytime soon. There are only two bad things I could say about the computer. I accidently switched to the developers channel for chrome os ( that was a huge mistake! Its meant for developing new things for Chrome Os and a lot of the things I did normally like hook my computer out to the t.v. didn't work quite right) however I used google's page and was able to get it back to normal in no time! Secondly, when opening certain file types (specifically .zip files) it can be a little finicky. However, it has gotten a lot better. All in all if you are connected to the internet 65% of the time or more and use your computer for doing simple everyday tasks this is defiantly a good bet. It multitasks very well, and I can stream video and type flawlessly at the same time.
computer|I had been looking for a lightweight laptop with a large battery life. I was very tempted to buy the newer retina display Macbook; however, the price tag was a big enough deterrent. I purchased the Samsung Chromebook instead, hoping it would be decent enough for the $250 price tag.I have been using this for several months now and I am surprised how often I use it. What's more surprising is my wife actually uses it regularly. She even claimed it as her own now. The simplicity of having a small, long lasting, simple to use computer made it a family favorite device. We both each own a tablet and desktop, but since purchasing the Chromebook all these devices have seen much less usage. Having a real keyboard makes use favorable over a tablet.I expected several issues since this is a new ARM device with a new operating system, but the few I found were quickly fixed. this is durable as well. I have dropped it from my coffee table and bed several times without an issue.Initially I was planning to replace Chrome OS with a different ARM linux distribution; however, this has met almost all my needs. The only thing I can't do is easily program on the device. I have to ssh to another computer to develop code. I have used Cloud development sites, but prefer ssh.Pros:Battery last several hours (5-7)Light weightQuickly powers on and usage on the web within 10 secondsSupports multiple users (Google Accounts)Very little to no heat coming off of the laptopEasy to updateCons:Can't do all things a standard laptop can (can not program)Native client NaCl is currently not working for ARM Chrome OS (supposedly it is in the works)Overall this device far exceeded expectation for the limited price.
computer|Ask my wife. I've mentioned how much I love my new Chromebook every day since it arrived. Now, I'm a guy who tinkers with Windows PCs and an occasional Linux box. Before I retired from teaching, I learned the Apple ecosystem at school. I'm not into touchy-feely. Maybe that's why I haven't made the leap to smartphones and tablets.But my Chromebook gets me almost there...and fast! I can open this baby up and check my Gmail before you can say WinTel twenty times. O.K., maybe twenty-one. In terms of productivity, I had been slowly yielding to the gravitational pull of the Google ecosystem. The Google apps make creating, storing, sharing, and collaborating easy. My Chromebook seems a natural extension of Docs.Specs. I haven't mentioned that my Chromebook is light enough to take practically anywhere, and I use it on and off all day and charge it at night. YouTube videos? Of course, but don't plan to stream NetFlix.Buying my Chromebook for $249 may have been the best IT move I've ever made. Is it time to update all those basement boxes again? Might take the feather duster down with me tomorrow.
computer|Purchased as a gift and recipient is very pleased. Good value too. Highly recommend for basic internet use, nothing fancy.
computer|If you need a machine that is inexpensive, is of a higher quality than a netbook ( aka Asus eeePC) and will store your data on the cloud automatically (automatic backups by DEFAULT) and expect the machine to be used for email. basic document creation, a reasonable level of portability and fast web surfing, THIS is the product for you.Watch the videos on the product website and read the positive reviews. For BASIC laptop use, which includes built in security without subscriptions, this is possibly your best bet. If you want to take a laptop to the coffee shop, to a hotel, on the road and not worry, this is your device. This is not the kind of machine that one would use for games that are also found on XBox and the like. It is a basic function machine.Note: While you can visit any site to get your non google mail - like AOL or Comcast, this device is tied to the Google's ecology of computing. You will need to create a gmail account, and from this account you have the ability to write, edit and store documents (even off line - when there is NO internet connections), upload and edit photos, email people and even for the advanced computer person - remotely access other machines. Once your account is created on this machine or elsewhere for a gmail account, you are already linked to these services. This machine is optimized to work with google's products and for considerable battery life.While many articles seem to debate the way Google is collecting information, for some surreptitious purpose, it is a Salem With Trial with a wacky jury. Every one of those very articles never mention the most egregious abusers of privacy in our every day life: credit card companies, brokerage houses, insurance companies, the DMV or Secretary of State and online social media sources like Facebook. Google goes out of its way to allow you to be private with your information.This machine may not impress the average 14 year old gamer, but for everyday use and excellent security, this is the perfect choice.
computer|I received my Chromebook three days ago. For my uses it is absolutely perfect. I really love this thing so far.I basically have four main uses I bought this for.First, I wanted something that sits on the end table next to me that turns on instantly and I can pop up a browser to look up something I heard on the TV, or figure out a place to go eat, etc. The Chromebook hits that right on the mark. I have tried various android tablets, and iPad, and MAc / Windows laptops. The Macbook Air my wife had was the closest but still I prefer the Chromebook so far. The main reasons are the instant on and connected (no waiting for anything what so ever after opening the lid). In addition the the browsing using the trackpad is very much like the MacbookAir (responsive scrolling with two fingers). The browsing experience is flawless so far, and seems really fast.Second, I wanted something to watch Amazon Instant Videos on, and while I have only watched a couple of trailers so far everything has been great. The speakers are pretty bad, but I use headphones for that.Third, I wanted to have a laptop up with ESPN Gamecast on during football games (and I expect to do the same during NASCAR season). I like to keep an eye on the stats without waiting for the TV to fill me in. The built in base (because it has a keyboard) keeps the screen at a great angle to look over and see without having to go pick it up.Finally, I wanted something I can take on business trips to watch videos. I will update my review when I have actually done this but it looks plausible to download videos and watch them from an SD card.I have tried many iterations (and frankly I have purchased from BestBuy because I can return them more easily after trying them for a few weeks). I have tried the MacbookAir ($1100 was way too pricey to meet these needs, but equally effective as the Chromebook). Various android tablets (the Slider was almost there but touching the screen to scroll, small keyboard, and screen angle). The google nexus 7 (great for reading in bed but not sitting next to the couch).The things that you probably still need a laptop for are Office apps (rollapps openOffice beta looks promising though), anything you need to VPN into to get to your corporate apps, and any windows only apps that have to be installed. Also printing is special. You have to use Google cloud print, which means you either get a cloud print ready printer, or on a computer that does have the printer drivers installed open chrome and use that to print through.Overall I am extremely impressed and happy with this purchase. $250 and does most everything I need. I would think that if I had kids that needed a laptop this would be ideal as well. They do mostly web things (facebook, instagram, etc), but the Google Docs apps (spreadsheetthey can do all of their homework with that. Everything is saved to the cloud (Dropbox or google drive) their documents, so no losing data.
computer|Definitely is satisfying my 16yo college daughter. She tried to have complaints the first day but failed and have not heard any complaints since once she figured it out. Waiting for mine to get here. Probably the best transition from the laptop available.
computer|I am a bit of a computer\gadget guy and have always been curious about the chromebooks. The earlier versions seemed priced to high and they weren't available in Canada anyway. I read the reviews when the new Samsung Chromebook was being released and was amazed by the price, battery life, weight and overall look. When we were vacationing in the U.S. I picked up the Samsung and I am pleasantly surprised by what it offers.I really like both the device and the operating system. This is clearly no frills computing that just works. I love the simplicity and as a Google Apps for Business user really like the integration with all things Google. While the chromebook is targeted at Google users it works just as well accessing Outlook.com and Skydrive. Pretty much anything you can do on the web you can pretty much do on the chromebook with the exception of Netflix which will be available for this ARM based chromebook pretty soon.If I could change one thing I would upgrade the screen but I'm spoiled there as my primary PC is a MacBook Pro with retina display and my iPad also has a retina display. In comparison to those higher resolution IPS displays the chromebook display is pretty plain. A version with a better IPS screen for around $299 would be perfect.If you're not use to a retina display the display on the chromebook will not disappoint. It is certainly adequate for the price and overall this is a great little machine. I look forward to travelling with this computer because it is so light.
computer|I work in IT and needed a computer for my wife. My wife wanted something that would &#34;just work&#34;. So i looked at what she did surfed the net social networking and some bill pay. I got her the chrome book, because it just works you long in and that is it. No need to be a &#34;computer person&#34; no antivirus to download or programs needed. It just works for her. If you are looking for something to program or administer a network you need a PC. But for a family or casual computer. save yourself a few hundred dollars and get this. It will do everything you want and &#34;it just works&#34;remember happy wife happy life
computer|Excellent screen resolution, very simple and user friendly! If you already use Google Chrome, this is a snap to use and enjoy
computer|Bought this used(in great condition) for under $200, and its hard to complain about for a price like that, but I'm going to anyway.Pros- - Price - Keyboard is fantastic - Extremely light and thin - No fans!! - Rarely even gets warm - Battery Life (consistently get 6+ hours) - Great trackpadCons- - Viewing angles (I had read before purchasing about bad viewing angles, and laughed those complaints away thinking that would not bother me. But the viewing angles are truly awful. You have to keep the computer in one position to see the correct colors. Any change, even by an inch or two completely changes the screen, different colors, gets very washed out) - It freezes, alot. If I use the computer for a few hours per day, I'll probably have to restart it a 2-4 times. I debated returning it because of this, but if it does freeze it only takes about 15 seconds to get back to exactly where you were. When getting back into chrome you just hit "restore pages" and you'll be back to the place you were when it froze. Very frustrating but I think less frustrating than going through the return/exchange process. - Not enough playback sites. Netflix and Amazon Instant video not working. I knew this when I purchased about a month ago, but was hoping that they would have those sites working by now. - Video Playback. When I switch to HD on youtube, the processor can barely handle the load and ends up pausing and freezing a good amount. That is 720p, 1080p rarely works. I know its not a problem with my wi-fi because my ipad 3 can handle the same things with no problem. - The screen. This is a minor complaint but the screen(when viewing at the perfect angle) does look pretty washed out. I was hoping this was the only CON I really noticed when purchasing this, because for $250 that one thing can be completely overlooked. But with all the other problems this is just one more thing to tack on. Looking at this, and then using an ipad with a retina display, just makes me appreciate how great the ipad screen really is.Overall-This is really a 3 star product to me. By that I mean, I'll keep it. I think on a regular basis that I should return this because of the problems, but then I'll use it for a few hours without freezing, and type something up(like this review) and be very happy with it. Chromebooks can and probably will be great soon. I really like the ARM processors because of the lack of fans, noise, and heat, but am missing the muscle of intel.If your looking into buying this, just be sure to know Chromebook limitations. Also, do not expect something fantastic with such a low price point. I had low expectations going in, and still ended up disappointed. But overall, it's good enough to keep around.
computer|I have had gmail, and have had quite a bit of google drive space for a long time. I like it. If you like cloud like me, this is the machine for you.I have had it for about one week, and I have never experienced a faster PC, laptop or otherwise, in my life.The machine is fantastic, very light, very thin and the screen is very bright, and clear.The ports in the rear should take care of just about anything you would want (USB 2.0, USB 3.0, HDMI)....Since there is no fan in this machine because it uses cell chip technology, the machine is very thin. And light. Did I mention it is light.16g of internal flash memory is a boost... and the typical slagtime a typical hard drive would give you isn't there.This machine is fantastic.When my wife's machine bites the big one, she is going to the cloud, with this machine.Have a good time.
computer|I received my Chromebook today and so far I love it. I bought it for the purpose of using it for schoolwork and so far it seems like it will definitely serve it's purpose. Keep in mind this is a CHROME OS, it is not Windows. The &#34;programs&#34; on this device are based from the cloud, which means you'll mostly be using everything from your web browser (Google Docs, Gmail, Google Drive, Google Play) , and JAVA is NOT compatible. The size is perfect for portability and you can't be the price. On a full charge it gets about 6 hours of battery life. Another feature I really like is that the screen brightens or dims based on the lighting in the outer environment. The speakers are very impressive for this tiny laptop, although I'm not sure how I feel about the speakers beings on the bottom of the computer.
computer|I absolutely love this thing, but this is information that I think is valuable when considering which Chromebook you want. There is software/online functionality available to the other Chromebooks (any of them that use an x86 Intel processor) that isn't available on the Samsung Series 3 Chromebook (ARM based processor), as of this writing (February 12, 2013). For example Netflix and Native Client, which is made by Google and allows Chromebooks to play some third-party games and programs, don't work yet on the Series 3 Chromebook. They promise they're working on it, so hopefully they'll be up soon and make this review irrelevant (please!).Also I had a temporary issue where the Chromebook would not wake up from sleep mode. I don't know what caused it, and I don't know what fixed it, but it works flawlessly now.
computer|I received my Chrome book today and have spent the last few hours playing around with this. All I can say, as my review title mentioned, what am I missing here? So much of the what so many reviewers have said previously is absolutely true. If you know what you're getting into purchasing this device you will be very very satisfied with it, as am I. The screen is absolutely adequate for what you need. From the moment I fired it up I haven't once thought to myself that I wish it were brighter or clearer. The philosophical approach to this laptop is fantastic. I have loaded all my itunes music into google play, copied all my dropbox files to my google drive (which by the way is in fact 100 gb now!), and my gmail is of course already stored online. This device enables me to be self contained and able to work from this device for the majority of reasons I ever needed a desktop computer. Sure there may be occasions when I need to use the new MS office suite (2013) I just purchased but for 95% of my document needs googe docs/drive will work just fine. The entire cloud approach is very nicely represented by this chrome book and it does EXACTLY what it was designed to do. I am very satisfied and will likely log on again in a few weeks/months and provide a follow-up review. For now, I am sitting here playing my music on google play, just finished editing a MS word document I had stored and edited on google drive, and have also checked, and responsed to some email. All for $249. Seriously, cool stuff.
computer|The Chromebook seemed to be one of those under-the-radar hot items this holiday season... indeed they were hard to get my hands on. We purchased one based on an IT co-worker who is ga-ga over these things. I have to say, there are many things to love about the Chromebook:1)Speed--this thing is crazy-fast, from start-up to shut-down and everything in-between, you are hard-pressed to find anything that slows the load time on this thing.2)No defragging, anti-virus updates, etc. Because Google regularly sends those updates when you log in and because there is no hard drive, those things become irrelevant.3)Google Support structure--once you get used to all of the Google applications and options, you'll realize all of the possibilities...however, as a Windows user, that has taken some time and adjustment for me.4)Price--at half the price of a computer, it will be twice as convenient for most usersDrawbacks:1)Very little that you can actually load onto the system's hard drive--this machine is meant to run everything online via Google in a cloud structure...there is very little room, or even capability, to download applications onto your hard drive.2)Lack of printer function...Unless you have a newer printer that specifically has Google print capability, this is an exercise in frustration. I tried the setup per Google and it hasn't worked yet. Basically what I have to do is go to another computer, log into the Google account, and then print from there. It is a bit of a hassle.These two things are the only reasons I can't give it a '5', but it is an excellent machine for web browsing, email, and light to moderate document creation.
computer|I absolutely love this netbook so much. Fast, easy to use, light, fun, makes everyone jealous!Cons: Can't watch netflix on here!
computer|I've bought this chromebook when I was last week in England and I was leaving from Luton Airport. In Dixons, one of the best shops for electronics in England, had a small offer on Chromebook only 209 , so I decided to buy immediately. I was worried about the security control and the weight of my hand baggage, but the chromebook passed both very successful. So first on the plane after take off, I just open the box to see how it looked like and I was immediately surpriesed by the design and the quality of materials, so I closed the box and I expected to arrive at home for finally play with my new toy.So after six hours I arrived home and turn on my chromebook, to set up was a real piece of cake. I already have two chromebox and after few minutes for updating the firmware, immediately I found my favourite programmes also on this chromebook. So I started immmediately to test it deeply:Battery is not super but it's enough with the screenlight at 70% you can reach the 6 hours and 20 minutes always with the wifi turned on.The keyboard is fantastic one of the best I've ever tried maybe the best, distance from the keys is fine and the keyboard is very responsive, really I like it.The trackpad is good but not great, sometimes is not responsive immediately, but isn't a very big problem.Chromeos is a breeze for me is one of the best operating system, always responsive any problems at all with viruses and setting up. The google docs now are really great, it's possible to work offline and change fonts, editing, in short everything.Of course there are still some cons, example alot of people is missing skype, well this is not real true. I tried the webapp imo and work perfectly and I was able to call with webcam without any particular problem.I think this chromebook is perfect for everyone who wants a fast machine to connect to the web, creating or editing documents without any hassles from updating, viruses and so on.And price? well price is probably the best option of this chromebook. I replaced my tablet with my chromebook and I'm very satisfied and above all it isn't so much heavier.
computer|I was looking for a device that was portable, yet, useful. I looked into tablets, but the biggest drawbacks on all of the tablets are that they are not "productive," at least in my opinion. Sure, you can get a detachable keyboard, however, they are ridiculously overpriced, bringing the total price around $600.. I am no not willing to pay that much for a secondary device.I had been eyeing Chromebooks for while, but I was hoping that Google would release one at a cheaper price. This Chromebook made that wish come true.Anyway, into the review, this Chromebook delivers as expected. I've had this for several days and I am very pleased with it. I recommend it to anyone who is willing to venture into something new. Yes, you will have to be invested in the Google applications, however, many of them are of top quality and there are plenty for you to do just about anything. I would like to point out that I absolutely love holding this Chromebook and carrying it around. The form factor is well balanced and elegant, doesn't feel its cheap (don't expect it to be like the top quality ultrabooks though).Below are what I think truly makes this device a must have:- Price- Portability- Instant boot, whether from sleep or from fresh start- Battery life ( 6 to 7 hours) on a single charge, includes watching videos and playing music- Keyboard and Trackpad (don't expect MacBook quality, but it is sufficient)- Amount of apps on Chrome Web Store- 100 GB of free space on Google Drive- Sleek design- Adequate screenI honestly cannot think of any negatives, however, below are some of the areas that need improvements:- Better optimization between Chrome Operating System and the hardware (at times, the performance can lag)- Ability to watch movies via Netflix (I know they are working on it)I know that as the time goes on, Google will be releasing updates to make the experience even smoother, so I am really looking forward to that and unlike traditional PC's (mainly Windows based), you won't have to wait long for updates.. I truly appreciate that from Google.I'd like to point out that many people are saying that Skype is not supported (the hardware, mainly the CPU, ARM processor, is fairly new, so I am sure an update will come), however, in the meantime, you can download an app from the Chrome Web Store called "IMO." You can use your Skype credentials to sign via IMO.Finally, it should be made clear that this device does not work like your typical PC's, where you can download any programs and such.. Many people gave this product a bad rating because it did not meet their "expectations." Therefore, the Chromebook is not for everyone, however, if you understand what it does and can work with it, honestly, you will not even think about using traditional PC's as much.
computer|I been using this Chromebook for days and I am truly impressed by its modern and contemporary design. I have to say that this product built quality is comparable to a Mac Book air due to the small and elegant size.Chrome OS is truly remarkable! Google products are always top of the line. The 100Gb cloud free storage is an excellent way to close the deal.Pros:Battery life last all day.It is very light.The screen is good quality.Touch pad is outstanding.Keypad is great.Speakers sounds decent.100Gb cloud space is well beyond great.Design is like apple quality but cost 75% less.Cons:Webcam is not HD (But is not a deal breaker)This product is a MUST buy for those who understand that Chrome can do wonders and don't mind to have a different PC experience.
computer|I was lucky enough to place an order and receive the laptop within a few days. I booted it up and after fiddling with the wireless connection, I was able to connect to my WPA2 Enterprise network. At first glance, the system seemed pretty fast and capable. However after using it for ~6 hours I believe it's safe to say that the machine I received is defective or has some serious software issues.1. Throughout the 6 hours of usage, the machine has crashed at least a dozen times, doing seemingly random tasks. I've tried disabling different extensions, full wipe, and other various things, but the crashes keep occurring.2. NaCl doesn't seem to run on this machine, therefore several extensions that rely on it do not operate properly. I've read somewhere that support will be added in the January update.3. I've been having issues with themes not saving and reverting to older themes.4. USB & power ports are on the back of the machine.5. SD card sticks out quite a bit.Now with the problems out of the way I would like to list some of the positive things.1. Construction seems pretty good for the price.2. Trackpad is excellent, far better than many others out there. Still not Macbook Pro quality, but it is certainly an improvement over other machines.3. LCD seems pretty crisp and clear.4. Battery is excellent. Meeting or exceeding the 6 hours it is rated for.5. Keyboard is fairly decent. Be aware of some flexing if that bothers you.6. The chromebook is pretty light.In the end, I submitted a request for a replacement through Amazon. Unfortunately it seems like the earliest that a replacement will come in is January 2013.
computer|Got the 3g version about a week ago, and love it so far. Lightweight, good battery life, good screen, ample/appropriate number of ports. The included data plan (100MB) works fine for me because, even though I have a 5GB hotspot as well, for email, web, and the like, 100MB is more than adequate for ordinary content consumption.Pros:Virtually no setup required beyond account info and network connectivity.Lightweight OS performs very well from a performance perspective.Activating the verizon service was painless and quick (quick phone call, setup the account, provide device number, done).If system is on Wifi, all traffic routes through it even if 3g is turned on (no wasted 3G)3G service shuts off at 100MB included cap, which prevents overages.Fair number of plugins and apps for the OS and browser.Quality display.Good keyboard and touchpad.3G service is great for what this device is intended.Deep integration with Google services.Browser support for Office365 is good; run MS Office on the Web if you don't like Google Apps, no need to install MS Office locally.SD Card slot for expansion.Near instant power on.Multiple account/user support.Can function as a hotspot.Fast recharge.Very lightweight.Cons:No audio support in bluetooth (huge shortcoming, requires a dongle)Single, combined 3.5mm jack for headphone & microphone (have to buy a dongle/adapter or new headset).SIM card slot, but apparently deactivated for US devicesInconsistent support for large flash apps (example, Harley's bike builder app), but still looking into this.Power brick is larger than expected.No netflix support yet (surprising)Tablet sized storage a (16GB; however, this is a cloud oriented device, so this isn't a big deal)All in all, a very good device if you're not interested in running MS Office locally (you can do that at Office365) and don't have a need for a bunch of specialized third party apps. Between the generally good hardware design and performance, the available web apps, hosted productivity solutions such as apps Google Apps and Office 365, and the growing third party apps & extensions, this is a fairly complete offering at a ridiculously low price.I'd much rather carry this than an underpowered e2-1800 AMD based netbook or i3/Pentium laptop weighing twice as much simply because they offer a big hard drive and more local app installation capability. This is a much better proposition for me, and it goes everywhere with me.
computer|This is the device Chrome OS needed to get it off the ground. It's light, has a nice screen, a well designed touch pad, and the keyboard is darn near perfect. It's a capable little machine, especially if you're already a user of Google's applications. The quality is absolutely breathtaking for the price tag. I highly recommend this device.
computer|So after doing a lot of research, I felt very confident in my purchase of the chromebook. Originally I was going to purchase a tablet (Nexus 7 or Kindle Fire HD) but I really wanted something I could do work on. The Chromebook had everything I wanted including a keyboard, word processor, and it was easily portable. Here is what I think:Pros:- The quality of the laptop was incredible. I was at first wary of the all plastic build, but its very solid and smooth. I wasn't wild about the hinge on the outside, but I understand that is to make it more thin. The whole laptop feels great!- The mobility is awesome...this thing is as light and thin as a Macbook Air. It can easily slip into a backpack or purse without being a nuisance.- Zero moving parts, this actually really makes a difference. There are no vents blowing out hot air, it makes no noise, and it doesn't heat up at all!-------------------Cons:- Not really a knock on the product itself, but it took me a long time to get my hands on one. Google hasn't done the greatest job meeting the demand for this item. Every store I went to was sold out of these laptops and didn't know when they would get any more.-------------------So, overall this is a great product! I suppose that, price included, this is one the greatest netbooks to ever hit the shelves. Just please know what this product is before you buy it, because it isn't a workhorse laptop to run programs. What it can do though is all your internet tasks plus word processing with ease.
computer|I bought this for my 12 year old daughter, who is always &#34;borrowing&#34; my wife's MacBook Air to surf the web or to write a book report. Using my iPad is cumbersome for the latter, and after months of &#34;where's my laptop&#34; this Chromebook has proven the perfect solution. For the same money as a 7 inch Nexus 7 tablet, you get a very sleek, well built laptop with an SSD and plenty of RAM. Google docs is just fine for the occasional book report. I also bought an Acer C7 chromebook for my other daughter (it has a much bigger hard drive, which she needed), and this is really a big step up in terms of build quality and boots in 9 secods vs. 18 for the C7.Only knock is that there is only 16 gigs of RAM, and the screen viewing angles are typically average. But for what my 12 year old does, neither one of these are significant factors.
computer|Lightweight, good keyboard, very good touchpad, inexpensive, easy to operate, runs cool and quiet, boots really fast when left in standby (just close the lid, open to restart), good battery life, decent screen.I like this computer, works for me.
computer|I rate this product so highly because it is everything I had hoped it would be. It is a great tool for mobile access, performs well and is very affordable.
computer|Bought as a bit of an experiment; this little featherweight Chromebook has exceeded my expectations. Lasts all day on a charge, so I never have to use it while plugged-in. Keyboard and trackpad are excellent, thought they are a bit noisy in use. Screen is decent, though certainly not an IPS - you'll have to properly adjust the viewing angle for best result.I use it mainly for webmail & web browsing but have loaded some mkv video on Google Drive and they play back fine. I have also used google docs (word processing) and google sheets (spreadsheet) programs and found them to be intuitive and similar to MS counterparts.I just purchased a $10 license for ChromeRDP which allows me to remotely access my Windows PC. I do realize that Chrome Remote Desktop does essentially the same thing, but was put-off by the Google TOU, seemed a bit intrusive irt my privacy.Note that I intended to dual-boot w Ubuntu, but have been so pleased w/ ChromeOS that I've had no need to do so yet. I almost pulled the trigger on the cheaper Acer Chromebook, but in the end I am so glad I waited for this model to come back into stock. I really appreciate the thinness, light weight, instant-on and long battery life - you will too!Great little machine and for $250, it's really a no-brainer.
computer|UPDATE 2/24/2013:After fighting through several levels of customer service hell, finally got a hilariously bad answer from Samsung. They stated that because in my initial service request I stated that I had to use higher than expected force to seat my headphones, that I caused the damage to my Chromebook. And my warranty was now invalidated. They would not admit any knowledge of the port being too tight although you can google "chromebook headphone jack" and see that I am far from the first to report this problem. They claimed that I must have inserted the headphones incorrectly. Is that even possible? She claimed that she did not know the "velocity" (I didn't throw it) or the "angle" (is there any other option than straight in?) that I inserted my headphones and that the problem was on my end.All in all, Samsung's company line was very frustrating to the point of being funny. I informed them that I will now make it a point to NEVER buy another Samsung product, big or small, but that this problem could be rectified with just a little bit of understanding on their part. No budging.So now I have a 3 week old, now out of warranty Chromebook. I considered just returning it to Amazon for a new one, but now that I've removed the broken headphone jack with needle nose pliers, the computer is fine. Oh well, for $250, what can you expect.------------------------I received my Chromebook on Tuesday. It is clearly styled after a macbook and seems to perform very well. I think the cloud based software that the Chromebook embodies is a paradigm shift that we'd all better get used to. It's going to take a while to be completely comfortable with it, but I think it's the wave of the future. Hopefully it will make our computers remain functional longer since you won't need to pack the hard drives full of data.I've had a good few days surfing around on this Chromebook. The quick wakeup/start-up is pretty amazing. When you open the cover, it's ready to go in less than 5 seconds. Start-up takes less than 10 seconds.Being a Gmail/Google fan, all of the google integration was a plus for me. But if you're not a gmail/google user, you might as well make the switch to get all the functionality out of this machine.As other reviewers have said, the keyboard is great.Well, the bad part: the headphone jack. I plugged in my earbuds last night and noticed that the jack seemed very "snug". So snug that I had to look twice to make sure I had the right jack. When I realized I truly did, it was really surprising how hard it was to seat the headphone plug. It went in with what, in hindsight, was a very high level of force.When I went to remove my headphones this morning, the jack held the plug so tightly that I could not remove the plug. When I finally did get it removed, it separated the plug. So now, my Chromebook jack is holding half my headphone plug hostage while my $120 headphones are now rendered broken and useless.I've contacted Samsung and got a service request in for a laptop that I've had in my possession for less than 48 hours. That's just to fix/replace the headphone jack. I had to escalate to the next level CSR to inquire about my headphones. They're supposed to call me back in two business days on that angle. Depending on their response, I'll decide what I want to do with this Chromebook. If they replace/fix my headphones and somehow cure the jack issue, I think this is easily worth a 4 star review. If they weasel out on my headphones, it will stay at 2 stars and I'll return the Chromebook to Amazon for a refund. And then I'll commence my public crusade against Samsung's far too restrictive headphone jacks :)If you buy this, just be careful with your headphones. Perhaps it will loosen up a little with some repeated use. But don't use your nice headphones early on!
computer|I'm a professional writer working on my twelfth novel. The dream of a second computer as portable as a pad of paper was just too tempting, and I ordered the Samsung Chromebook after Christmas. Demand is high. There was a brief delay in delivery. But the Chromebook arrived on a Thursday, and as promised, it proved to be a very eager machine.The set up was simple and quick. Google had me synched and flying in minutes. The screen seemed dim, but I expected that from the reviews. The keyboard had a good feel. The touch pad was better than most. (There wasn't a lot of cursing time.) But my wireless mouse was slow and sloppy. So I bought a bluetooth mouse and found the same problem, which meant another trip to the store to get my money back. A little wired mouse proved good enough, and over the weekend I began settling into my new life as a roving, coffee-infused author.I've been working more and more with Google Docs. My old laptop has no major problems handling novel-length files, and while there are quirks and kinks with Docs, I love the idea of backing up my ideas while avoiding Microsoft Word. But the Chromebook wasn't thrilled with files of 80 and 90 thousand words. Loading was slow. Navigation was very slow. Also bothersome was how the cursor didn't quite line up with the words, always hanging a little below. And worse, that sweet keyboard let me type quickly--too quickly, since the text on the screen was always a couple seconds behind.This wasn't going to end the experiment, but I was seeing troubles with my data.Reviewers love to talk about the &#34;ecosystems&#34; of various tech giant. I like some of Google's options. Google Play, for instance. But when it comes to apps, and with movies that can be bought...well, Google doesn't have an ecosystem so much as a weed patch.Again, none of this was causing me soul-searing grief. It was just bothersome.But then on Sunday night--again, my Chromebook arrived on Thursday--the touch pad quit working. The tiny plug-in mouse still functioned, but not the touch pad. I turned off the Chromebook and rebooted. I did that twice. (The machine is wonderfully quick, coming back from the dead.) But the pad remained comatose. A quick googling for help, and I instantly learned that I wasn't the only customer who had discovered this tendency.I decided to return the machine, printing out the Amazon labels while I started hunting for a replacement. I ordered one of the last ultrabooks running with Windows 7. More money by a lot, but that's a short term expense. $249 dollars is a lot of cash if the toy breaks in four days, or even in a year and four days.Obviously these problems will be solved someday, what with updated software and design changes. But my book is due in April, and I can't wait.A final note: The next morning, I turned on the Chromebook to wipe it back to its factory settings. And the touch pad was working again.Google is a mysterious deity.
computer|I LOVE it! I bought it primarily for travel because I wanted something small and light. I'm now also using it as a second laptop when my kids are using the other one. I got my unit about a month after I ordered it.The unit starts up immediately upon opening, and shuts off in three seconds. The body isn't quite as pretty as Macbook Air due to the awkward hinge. The wireless connection is strong and it never drops a signal. HDMI seems to function well. I was able to stream ESPN3 onto my TV without problem. I'll focus my review on the 3G feature since I haven't seen too many reviews on it.3G FeatureThe 3G feature was easy to set up. Once you click on the setup box on the bottom right of your screen, it takes you to a VerizonWireless site where you register online with various plan options. It also assigns what looks to be a phone number for the account. I selected the free option which gives you 100MB of data/mos. for two years. The couple of other options I recall seeing are one that's based on the amount of data you select that expires after 30-days, and an unlimited data for a day for about $10. Nice to have when you've exhausted your free allowance and you're in need of connection. Having the flexibility to buy only the amount of data for as long as you want is a great option to have because it doesn't force you to commit to a long-term deal. And since its Verizon, the coverage should be excellent. I've been using the 3G for almost a month now, primarily to check my personal email at work, and so far I haven't run out of my monthly allowance yet. For a paltry premium of $80 over the wifi unit, what you get from the 3G unit is not only 100MB of data, but more importantly, access to 3G Verizon network. Most of the time, I'm on wifi, so the plan works for me. When you're in an area without wifi, it automatically connects to 3G.The unit also comes with 12 free sessions of Gogo inflight internet access on a plane. Each session, if purchased separately, costs $14 so its quite a deal! When you start your Chrome on a flight with wifi and select Gogo, it'll recognize your unit and also recognize how many sessions are remaining. You punch in a security code on the screen and you're on line. It's that easy. I had a chance to use it twice on couple of American flights and it worked great. The only down side is that the signal on the plane is not sufficient to stream video. I tried to watch a movie on Amazon Prime and it took so long to load the video that I gave up. I also tried to do a video chat with my daughter using Google+. I was able to talk with her and send IM, but the video portion didn't come through, although toward the end of our short session, my daughter did tell me that she was able to see the old man. I did watch a movie via hotel wifi off of Amazon Prime without much problem, so I'm sure it was the signal on the plane that was lacking.The only drawback for me was the quality of the screen. I would've gladly paid another $50 to have a better screen than the one they put in. I suspect it'll be fine for most folks, but for someone getting on in years and one that needs a new eyeglass prescription, it may be a small issue. For that, I'm knocking off 0.5 star.I also ordered the Case Logic 12.1" Laptop Sleeve. At first I wasn't sure if I would like the handle because it looks a bit dorky. But it's working out good because with the power cord in the front pocket, it's not easy to store it in a brief case.With every iteration, technology seem to be getting better. This is one very impressive unit - especially for the cost.
computer|I got this for an early Christmas present (thanks Honey!)...I wanted to use it mainly to do web browsing and also to take it out to cafes, etc., and do writing on it. It is really an awesome little machine esp. for the price. It's got a great keyboard that's very easy to type on, it's very light and easy to carry around. I'm not very computer oriented and so, although I loved the Macbook Air when I saw it around, it is waaaaaaay out of my price range, especially for the (low level) tasks I'm using it for (surfing and writing). It is really fast, great to watch videos on....and it probably does a bunch of stuff I don't know about yet since I haven't really investigated its capabilities...I'll update my review if anything else comes up....but right now I'm very happy with it!
computer|It's small, light, and starts up fast. We are already embedded in using Google products. So, this is great for all those Google products. The key thing is the keyboard. Unlike a tablet, you can use this keyboard like a completely normal one. It is completely productive.We have had no problem with speed. It has kept up on everything we've tried. Well, when I've played music from Google Play it plays very well. However, it really hurt the multitasking. The speakers are pretty good for a computer this small, but they certainly aren't great for listening to good music. So, the playing from Google Play really isn't an issue.This is almost a fully functional small computer. However, you have to be able to work in a completely Web based world. If that world is Google oriented, so much the better. Still, if you can get to it and run it in Chrome, you can run it. It isn't limited to just Google products.We love it!Highly recommended.
computer|I've had the Samsung Chromebook for about a week now, and it continues to impress me every day. I have always been a Windows user, and never thought that I would switch, but I'm glad I did, For starters, this laptop is extremely light weight and very portable.The battery life lasts me over 6 hours, with the screen brightness all the way up. It powers on faster than a Windows machine turns off when you pull the plug from the wall, and when you wake it from sleep mode, it is ready to use in about 2 seconds. The screen is very clear and the keyboard is comfortable and easily usable. The track-pad is also pretty cool because it offers a variety of features and is very responsive. I was a little confused before I bout the Chromebook because of the idea of saving everything "in the cloud." This is actually very easy, and is no different than saving to a hard drive; except now, all of your files are password protected, can never be lost, and are accessible from any computer or smartphone. With the Chromebook, you also have the ability to work offline; meaning creating and saving files and documents offline. Even if you do not have an internet connection available, you are still able to create a full document, and save it locally on the hard drive of the computer. The Samsung also easily connected to and detected my 500 Gigabyte external hard drive, an SD card, a flash drive, and my wireless mouse and keyboard (for when I use my laptop like a desktop when working on large projects.) The transition from windows to Chrome was surprisingly easy. The Chrome system is incredibly simple to use, and doesn't have all the clutter that windows has. Another great benefit is that Google Doc's, Sheets, and Slides (the equivalent of Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint) all come pre-installed and are completely free, for life. The Samsung Chromebook is also extremely fast, and I mean in every aspect possible: Starting, waking from sleep, powering off, opening web pages, multi-tasking, opening app's, and anything else you want to do. With the purchase you also get 100 Gigabytes of free online storage for 2 years, and you always get 5 Gigabytes free.This Laptop has become the only computer I use, totally eliminating the need for a tablet, and almost eliminating the need for a desktop. The only downfall is that there is no disk drive, and I am not sure if an external disk drive will work or not (I intend to order one and try it out.) There are also many (probably thousands) of App's available to download to expand the power of the CHromebook to endless possibilities.
computer|Chromebook arrived about a week ago. I bought it as a backup computer for emailing and video playback. We watch TV and movies mainly via streaming, so I thought that it would be nice to have my laptop back while my daughter is watching cartoons on Netflix. As it turns out, Netflix is not supported in Chrome OS. I came across a number of other video streaming sites that do not work on Chromebook. For example, my parents are visiting from Europe ans so I signed them up for a streaming TV service in their native language. The site is not working on Chromebook, although it works fine on my other laptop. My idea of designating Chromebook as the main video streaming machine obviously did not work out, so I sent it back yesterday. Overall, I liked the computer very much and sent it back with a substantial hint of sadness. I think Goggle needs some time to integrate this new computer better with what customers like and expect to do online. When that happens, I may buy it again.
computer|I've used this product to validate it's features for business use. By and large I'm happy with it. As long as I work within it's limitations. Which are:- Seemingly weak WIFI antenna- It consumes battery very quickly. It wakes up very quick upon opening the lid, but the downside to that is that it seems within an few hours I have to recharge. Compared to a tablet experience, where it seems one can go days without having to charge.- Also there are a few plug-ins it won't install. For example, I cannot use Go To My PC because it won't install Java.I am considering buying one for my elementary age child, to write papers and surf for research.I applaud Google and Samsung's efforts. This is truly a step in the right direction.
computer|Let me start by saying I am a Google guy. I have a Droid, a Nexus 7 and now this. I love the convenience of Google Drive and I store my music in the cloud. I love Google.Having said that, I bought this mostly so I could do work for school when I am not sitting at a PC (ie when I am in the living room watching The Walking Dead). It is perfect for that function. I can easily access and edit all of my documents on Google Drive, and then they are automatically saved when I log in at school to print or use them.I am not much of a tech guy, but the monitor looks nice. I have watched YouTube videos on it without any noticeable issues. The keyboard is great (as some people have pointed out). The touchpad takes some getting used to (for example, right-clicking is done by clicking down with 2 fingers at the same time), but it is growing on me. The speakers fill my kitchen with sound from Pandora when I am cooking no problem.Adding apps, like Pandora, to Chrome is a snap and the desktop stays uncluttered because the apps are all housed online and not on the machine. I have not had to use it offline yet, so I cannot really comment on that.I should also mention that setup was a breeze. If you know your Google account login and the password to your router, you can set this up in under 10 minutes (not including time to download any updates, which you would have to do with any new computer). It also starts up every bit as fast as it says it does when you turn it on or wake it up.On the whole, this is a great deal for anyone who needs/wants a laptop for going online, listening to music through Pandora or Google Play, and already is using Google Drive/Docs. I do not think I would recommend this to someone who is not familiar with using Google (ie Droid) beforehand, as I would imagine it would add some additional learning time that may turn some people off.
computer|Right now I'm writing this review from the keyboard of my new Chromebook, and I couldn't be happier. While this machine is limited in some ways (no external applications) it is truly the best "2nd device" you could ask for. What I mean is that if you already have a home computer that can do everything, this is the perfect, inexpensive device that can do almost everything.The flash problems mentioned by others are valid, and I am hoping for a fix in the near future so that I can use several websites (Adobe Story, Netflix, and some flash games as well). This is the main reason why my review is only four stars instead of five.With the Chrome extension "Chrome Remote Desktop" you can connect your Chromebook to a your home computer and actually run most, if not all of the websites and programs you'd need to remotely. I use my Chromebook to access games and programs that I cannot install directly on the Chromebook, and it's a great, useful workaround for those people who absolutely have to have a specific program or flash website available to them.The machine is snappy and quick, and the keyboard is one of the best you'll find on any laptop. The keys are spread decently far apart and have good travel and a satisfying, yet un-annoying 'click' every time they are pressed. The trackpad isn't 100% perfect, but it is close. Two-fingered scrolling works like a charm, but there are occasions when the cursor will move too fast or too slow, which is probably more of a computational power problem than it is an actual problem with the cursor.For a web-browsing, email sending, blog writing, document producing machine, the Chromebook blows all of the competition away. I know there are many who feel it should have a touch screen, and I'm sure future models of it will indeed feature that, but for right now I'd rather pay $250 for a device that just works and does the basics, than paying $400 for a similar device that I can put my fingers on.If you're a writer or just do a lot of writing you're not going to be happy using something like an iPad with a keyboard. Trust me on this, as I have tried. Stop debating and weighing the pros and cons and buy a Chromebook right now. This little device is perfect, the battery life is outstanding (it's rated at six and a half hours, but I average closer to seven and a half right now), and I use it as a cookbook (with Evernote), a word processor, a web browser, and a device that I can quickly send an email on, without being annoyed with a finnicky touch screen on my phone.One of the best features of this device that I haven't mentioned yet is the quick load and wake times. I close the device when I'm done, walk away, then when I want to use it again I flip the lid and it's just there, ready and waiting for me. I love having access to the search button at my fingertips, too, as the keyboard button makes asking Google questions so much easier.Finally, the extensions and applications in the Chrome Store really do make this device perfect. I have Evernote web clipper, Clearly, Google Mail Checker, Google Voice Extension, Google Calendar Extension and many, many more that just give me all the information and shortcuts I need, all on one screen. This really is an amazing device, and when set up correctly it can and will replace your home PC for 99% of your computing needs.Buy one now. Amazing.
computer|Like other reviews have mentioned, this isn't a laptop/desktop replacement... but it is very close. I have found that we can use the Chromebook for more than 90% of our computing needs. Best $250 I've spent in years.
computer|The machine pretty much does everything it advertises. I like it a lot and my kids love it.If you can do it in your Chrome browser on your Macbook, you can do it on your Chromebook.Setup is super easy. Switching between users is fast and simple. The Chrome web store is extensive. If you have an Android, you'll find its integrated very well.My only flaw with the machine is the keyboard. The keys sometimes get stuck. The keys themselves are very slippery, which after a while becomes annoying. The keyboard is cramped. Typing for an extended period is not fun. That being said, its much much easier than pecking on a tablet. Surprisingly, the trackpad is very nice.There is a plastic feel to it but my kids do not mind since it makes the machine lighter. It doesn't really bother me either.I do wonder how longer the charger will last. The charger plugin on the back is about the size of an old calculator charger (very small).Not having to worry about viruses or malware is nice. Which is why I bought two, one for my kids and one for my in-laws. Google says we don't have to worry but I wonder...
computer|This gadget is interesting, but sound and video suck. You cannot watch Netflix in spite of the promises made by Google. Their support is not good and I just gave the device to a friend who is a geek and he agrees. If you require a laptop I would suggest to buy a conventional machine.
computer|Hello Everybody,I bought this computer with just one thing in mind: Wireless Portable Thin Terminal for Virtual Desktops... and this is exactly one thing this computer is not good for. The thing is though, while it has a Citrix app or whatever is what you get from the Chrome Store. The Citrix app may work with XenApp which gives you virtual applications but for XenDesktop, you need a player you just can't install in this thing. It is my understanding VMWare Horizon with its new HTML 5 technology could do the job but so far... RDP? it's out of question because I need the security and flexibility a connection broker gives you.If I have to add something beyond the Citrix Xenapp/VMWare View or Horizon is to add an ethernet port that can charge the battery using Power over Ethernet (PoE) and Cisco Anyconnect Mobile or something like that for VPN. Just imagine a thin client that could give you all the meanings you need for work and after you left your job site changing your corporate life with your google personal stuff without risking anythin... isn't that wonderful?All the above gave me one dream... and I looove this dream... High Performance Windows 8 Virtual Desktops using Citrix or VMWare with Nvidia Kepler GPU support for faster graphics using the Google Pixel with the touch and everything... Wouldn't that be wonderful? Just add PoE to the Pixel and this Samsung and imagine how good and cheap $1300 Pixel or $250 Samsung becomes...No more Wyse nonsense... ohhhh god... If only I was given the opportunity to be heard about this by the designers ;)I know, this review is not exactly a consumer advice but from now... regular service.. Now this Samsung as a consumer.First of all, I'm writing this review on mine and so far I can tell you, the keyboard is VERY GOOD indeed... More important is that you won't feel typing or browsing or "clouding" in a $250 computer... you'll feel like using a very expensive Vaio (because of the good feeling plastics) or a plastic MacBook Air. Let me tell you, while this thing is not made from aluminium it just feels right, and that takes me to the particular way I see objects: The only thing that matters when talking about objects, it's not the price, the look, the prestige (or lack of), the opinion or the features... it really doesn't matters!!!! The one and only thing that really matters is the way that object makes you feel... if you're the kind of person who thinks only the service the object gives you is the only important thing... try to explain why people buy Apples for a premium instead of Acer for a dollar (not to mention Apple Post Sales Services that are even better than the computers and devices itself)... Which kind of sticker you'll put on your new Range Rover... Intel Inside or the white Apple sticker that comes with macbooks, ipads, ipods and the lot? In a nutshell: This computer has been designed by good industrial designers and not by idiots like most of the non apple computers... Just for the design itself I could give them 10 stars I mean, How much does the best team of industrial designers costs to a Corporation? can they be THAT daft?Now... the big question... the question I've been asking myself since I knew about Chrome OS... (beyond the VDI thing of course... but remember this section is in consumer mode :)... What is this thing good for?:- Everything is on the Internet so... what about Spyware, Malware, Viruses, Antiviruses (sometime antivirus software are even worst than virus itself)? you don't have to worry about this anymore in this cloud escenario. Yeah right, Linux, Max OSX has few of this kind of risk but... are that sure those OS are that secure?- It has a multiuser environment so many people in your family can use the same computer with all the customization you can give to your Google account without worries.- If somebody in your house asks for a computer to browse... just use this one in guest mode.. once they logoff, everything will be just like they never got there.- This computer is very light. very very light.- The battery really lasts just like an ipad...- Boots in very few seconds.- Its reasonably priced- If OS support remains, this thing will only get better and better with time and because all the software is on the cloud, computer power is not as relevant as with normal computers.- When used as a thin client it gives the IT department no risks whatsoever because all the personal stuff the user can do with the computer remains in the public cloud... when at work, all corporate data remains int he corporate's private cloud and if the company uses Google's cloud services... all the corporate stuff remains in the hybrid cloud.I think google has the means to win this battle. I don't know if that is going to be a good or bad thing because monopolies never are good... but even as a thin client for Google's cloud services, it could do the job... the only reason why I give it 5 stars is because I just can't give it 30... the vision is right, the design is right and while not there yet... the death of PC in not a death anymore, is an evolution and while not sure how exactly is going to be the PC of the future, you can be sure is in this direction.Thanks for reading!JP
computer|While I was always a fan of the Chromebook concept of an easy-to-use, virus free, and quick-to-start laptop via which you interacted only with web sites (which most of us do most of the time), Google pitched it wrong at first by making the darned things more expensive than PC laptops that could do much more for no more money. Potential users who avoided Chromebooks for this reason were missing the point, but still they stayed away.With the launch of the new model Chromebook as well as the earlier Chromebox, and with some recent changes to the Chrome OS, I think that the Chromebook's time may finally have come. This is because several things have happened since the first Chromebooks were launched in 2011:* The Chrome OS has been given a "desktop" style interface, which makes it more "familiar" to traditional PC users.* The ability to use the Chromebook off-line (not connected to the Internet) to edit documents and to play media files from a USB stick or SD card (or from your Downloads folder) has been improved.* Windows / Intel "ultrabooks" have come on the market; which has played into Google's hands by raising the price that users expect to pay for a sleek, fast start-up "netbook"... thus making Chromebooks now look more reasonably priced.* The new October 2012 Chromebook is in any case much more reasonably priced, it looks nice, and it performs well.* Finally, with the plethora of touchscheen tablets and the introduction of Windows 8, the Chromebook may have found a niche by sticking with the more traditional keyboard + touchpad + screen format.You don't get a manual with your new Chromebook (or with any computer these days) but The Chrome Book (Second Edition) was published to coincide with the new model Chromebook.
computer|The previous reviews have pretty much nailed the details and the few shortcomings of this new category of internet device...let's call it a webbook.There used to be a mythical PC priced at $100 to lift up the world.....Google has almost done it. I could see this as the breakthrough PC for students of all shades and as a secondary PC for consumers and even primary for small business owners trying to keep TCO low as well as almost non existent support costs. Enterprise users could use this as their road warrior tool of choice its so small and light with a great keyboard.We have finally entered the Post PC age but the history books will note this was the year critical mass was reached.............
computer|Let me start off by saying, I'm a user of almost any operating system you can think of. I have a custom built gaming computer powerhouse that runs Windows 7. I have a Macbook Air running, of course, OSX, An Asus laptop that runs Ubuntu. And I've decided to dip my toes into Google's submission in the computer operating system world. I decided to get this laptop seeing as it suited my needs perfectly. I needed an easy throwaround laptop. Something I could toss in a backpack or walk around the house, laptop under my arm. My ubuntu laptop was a but too chunky, and my Macbook air. Far too expensive and I'm simply scared of damaging it. So this, being tiny, durable, and under a quarter of the cost of my macbook seemed ideal.The packaging is nice. Nothing like an Apple product, with a carry handle and shiny stickers everywhere. But it's certainly better than your typical brown box industrial packaging a lot of the other laptops come in. It's easy to unbox, and once I got it out of the box and plugged in (from what I could tell, it came with no charge at all in it) I was up and running almost immediately. Setup takes two or three minutes. Less than that if you have a Google Account.So, you're on the home screen. Of course, the first thing you notice is the display. It's certainly not the retina display or ultra high resolution of some of the newer competing ultra books. But it's more than sufficient. The brightness is solid and the only complaint I have is the viewing angle is sort of limited. But really, you don't care. The Chrome OS gives you a very simple, yet informative introduction. So now that we're on the subject, let's talk about the OS, shall we?It's simple. And we're not talking about elegantly simple like OSX is. When you open up your book, You'll see your background and almost nothing else. No shortcuts. Nothing. The only thing that you see is something that is very similar to the windows taskbar. Except instead of a start button, it's a Chrome symbol, along with a couple recently opened "apps" Everything is extremely snappy, especially considering the conventionally sluggish CPU. But it's the way this laptop utilizes the power it has that is fun. The perfect integration of onboard computing and cloud based computing hits a sweet spot. Making any task I've done so far snappy, and quick. It comes with a few apps pre installed. You can install more from Googles play market. But what comes on it already replace your typical Windows programs. I love the fact that everything self updates and you never ever have to worry about viruses. updating. Anything like that. Just turn on and go. How cool is that?Let's talk about build quality? Well, again, for the price they sell this laptop at. You're not going to get a Macook's aluminum uni body construction Or Alienware's over the top looks. But they've taken your dollar very far for the price tag given. The best description I can give for the looks is a plastic Macbook air. It's pretty clear the thing is plastic, but it still feels as if it could take some heavy abuse. The keyboard is.. well, let me say this. I've decided to type this review, just as an excuse to clack away on the keyboard some. It's a pleasure to use. I haven't gotten a chance to use the webcam to any extent yet, but it's, from what I've seen so far, sufficient. The touchpad is large and supports multitouch gestures! And well too! The battery life I've seen is impressive. I haven't watched the exact time. But six or seven hours on full brightness watching youtube videos is doable. The charger does have a power brick. But it's very small. I love the fact that this doesn't have a hard drive. Sure, you think only a 16 gig flash drive will suck. But the 105 gigs of free google drive, plus the fact that there's not need for a fan is amaazing.In the end, this laptop proves that there is such a thing as "cheap and cheerful" The value is on an extreme level. Especially considering that you get 100 gigs free of Google Drive, plus 12 passes of Gogo free internet passes. In short, I'm in love with my Chromebook. I'm sold. And if you buy one and know what you're buying, you'll be more than happy. I promise.
computer|I LOVE my Chromebook. So handly, fast, light, and useful.Sadly, I let me daughter borrow it. She now tells me that she loves it so much that she is holding for hostage until I buy her a macbook pro for college (for her graphics design program). I am having withdrawls.I want my Chromebook back!!!
computer|This is my second Chromebook, the first being the previous generation Samsung XE500 purchased last year. That model had the Intel Atom processor, this on has the ARM chip. I'll compare the two later in the review, which I will try to keep short.Like a lot of other reviewers, I completely agree with the assessment the Chromebook makes a GREAT second computer. But I'm going to try to make mine the PRIMARY go-to computer. I like it that much. My current primary is a Mac Mini desktop which is getting a little old and, while it has performed well for years, I'm getting tired of difficult, complicated operating systems in general.Before buying my new Chromebook however, I went to Best Buy last week and bought a Windows 8, touchscreen, Samsung Ultrabook. After a week of struggling up the learning curve on the new operating system and the hardware I returned it to the store and got my $750 back. Windows 8 has some beautiful features and the touchscreen technology has its charms but everything else? Forgeddaboutit! Good lord, what a complicated nightmare of anti-virus, anti-malware software and constant, lengthy operating system updates. No doubt I spent more time working on updating and installing software than I did enjoying content.Maybe I'm spoiled by the Chromebook environment which led to my impatience with Windows 8. But I tried, I really did, to embrace their new technology. In the end, however, it just isn't worth the effort.Yesterday, for 1/3 the price,I bought my new Chromebook, lifted the lid, input my Google account name and password and POOF, instant familiarity. All my apps, contacts, calendar and browsing tabs were there, just like on my old Chromebook. In less than 30 seconds. Then my system said an update was available. No problem, another 30 seconds.Take that Mac and Windows.So, instead of wasting time downloading yet another Adobe Acrobat or iTunes update, I will spend some free time learning how to get rid of traditional operating systems altogether. Here's how I tackle some common Chromebook complaints:Printing: Buy a Google Cloud Print ready wireless printer. Plug it in, follow the instructions and a few minutes you're printing. Or use Google Cloud Print to access the printer hooked up to your primary home or office desktop.Scanning: Use the same printer/scanner to scan to a USB chip, then plug same into your Chromebook. Yes, it sounds inelegant but have you ever used scanning software? Yuk. Doesn't work half the time. Apple Image Capture is hardly a walk in the park for most folks. It's much easier to place the document on the glass and press the "scan" button.Office productivity software (Word/Excel/Powerpoint): Use Google Docs instead. It has all the features 99% of us ever will need.Double Entry Accounting: I thought this was going to get me, but I found a free, cloud-based app on the Chrome Web Store.I could go on and on, but you get my point. If you look around you can find solutions online that obviate the need for Photoshop, MS Office, etc. Sure, some of you professional video editors and engineers are going to need your trusty, high-powered software, but not the rest of us.Chromebook Comparison: The newer ARM Chromebook is marginally faster loading pages and operating in general, but not by a long shot. The screen is smaller but seems brighter, crisper and renders colors better. That said, you won't confuse the display on either with a high-end Ultrabook from Sony, for instance, but it works fine for everyday use. Battery life is excellent in both models. New model is smaller in every dimension including weight. But the biggest knock on the newer, ARM-based Chromebooks is the current inability to play Netflix. A solution is still a few months away, but that's not enough to keep me away. I can watch Netflix on my DVD player or Roku box, so no problem there.I encourage you to buy one of these and embrace the cloud! Good luck!
computer|An inexpensive, yet well made, laptop that works for 90% of what I do on a computer these days. I can't see the point of waiting for my Windows laptop to spin up, wake up and tease me for a few minutes, just to check email. If you realize that the bloated Windows operating system is a business system that Microsoft is always trying to shove into smaller devices, it will forever be a losing proposition. Mac OS suffers the same signs of old age.The fact that Chromebooks are basically running an OS that is still young and small and built on what has always been considered a superior OS (Linux and Unix), means that they are lean and light.The hardware in this Chromebook is also minimal, with no hard drive, no removable battery and limited ports. But this tends to keep the user focused on what they're using this device for. And for surfing and running web apps, this thing rocks.If you want to hack around the registry, overclock your CMOS or clean your dirty cache buffers (or whatever you kids do), build your own Windows PC and rock on.This is not that. This Chromebook is great!Note that Netflix doesn't stream on Chrome OS, but Amazon Prime videos do. Go figure.
computer|I was almost going to pull the trigger and get an Apple MacBook Air 11.6 but my wife mentioned to me that a friend of her's told her about the "Google laptop for $249". Well, I had to check it out. Since I use many of the Google Services - Mail, docs, voice, etc, and I also have an unlimited dataplan on my 4G LTE phone which I can tether the device to, I decided to give it a try. It works great for what I use it for. It is not the speediest of machines but then again at $249 it is nearly a disposable computing device after 2 years of use, btw, I think I will get much more than 2 year. Add in 12 passes for GoGo inflight internet coupons ($9 a piece) this thing was a bargain. Simply turn it on when in flight and it verifies you are on a Chromebook and you are logged in with your Google account (email) and you are surfing at 30k feet.The battery does really seem to go the distance of 5hours and having no fan it is absolutely silent. It doesn't get hot but just warm to the touch near the back of the notebook where I think the processor is located. The keyboard is nice and very similar to the Macbook keyboards. It's a bummer there isn't a backlight but at the price point it is understandable why there isn't one.One thing I am waiting for is a more mature upgrade/hack to run ubuntu ringtail. Someone at Google already posted a version that is supposed to work. It would make the device into a full blown laptop running the ARM Exynos Samsung processor. It will be killer to have this as a really lightweight (literally) but powerful Linux laptop for $249.The only downside for this machine is that the surface scratches very easily. Other than that, at $249, this thing has really exceeded my expectations.
computer|Received the unit yesterday afternoon (11/21). Packaged properly and no transit damage. The start up process was exactly what the prior reviews have said: open the top, self activates and recognizes my home network within 10 seconds. It did an approx 5 minute download for updates, and I was good to go. Screen is great, keyboard layout great as well. I also like the lower case font keyboard, just a personal thing. Build quality appears above average for a unit the price as this one. No creaky screen or flexing as of yet, as I have come to hear in other reviews.The websites come up fast and flawless. As an enterprise PC user due to work purposes (corporate pc's with Dell laptops), it is somewhat refreshing to use the Google documents section. I understand there is 100gb for 2 years on Google drive as well as "coupons" for 12 free wi-fi events for flying. I have not seen that information in the packaging, so I am "assuming" at this point it is electronically recorded. I will investigate that and report back accordingly. Again, a happy customer so far. I will write back after a few days with additional impressions, but so far, this fills a void between a "full size" lap top, and a tablet (of which I have 2). And by the way, you can't beat the price. Stay tuned...Update 11/26:Activated the 100g Google Drive storage. The gogo airline wifi is activated when you log on whilst onboard the flight, the Chromebook so far is exceeding expectations. Well worth the price, considering all the "extras" that are included (cloud storage and in flight wifi). If used as a second computing device, you absolutely cannot go wrong!
computer|My goal: a light laptop computer for basic surfing from the living room. I don't need a tablet, or ereader, or full desktop computer, or even full travel laptop. This chromebook meets my expectations very well indeed.Things I like: It's quiet, boots fast, light weight, and holds a good charge. Chrome remote desktop works very well, so I can even do things on my desktop from my comfy livingroom chair. HDMI output works well, so it can be used as a video player for my TV. Copied my favorite chrome settings from my main computer as soon as I started it.Things I don't like: No right click on the trackpad (two-finger click alternative is very awkward). SD card sticks out when installed. Can't disable the fullscreen reminder when you get too close to the top of the screen. A few of the chrome tools don't work on the ARM processor, yet. Downward facing speakers don't work well in my lap.Things I don't worry about: Doesn't run windows, mac, or linux programs. Webcam is so-so. Screen viewing angle is not very wide. Not much of a system for organizing files.
computer|I've had my Chromebook for a week now. I was looking for a small laptop to take in my briefcase to work and use at home for light-weight computing. I already have a large PC laptop designed for gaming that I haul out and use every once in a while. On my desk is an apple iMac. I did not purchase the chromebook with the idea of using it to edit audio or video or play online games.So far I am very satisfied with the performance and usability. There has been a bit of a learning curve with this device. There are a number of things you cannot do with this machine that takes some adaptation on the part of the user. I'll cover those in this review.Primarily, my computing uses are: news, shopping, email, internet radio, and limited TV watching (podcast). I do not have cable-tv or satellite. So my computer is my cable-TV using Amazon Prime and other online services. I use itunes for lots of my media consumption, using the chromebook means there is no itunes, which caused a real turmoil trying to figure out how to get the same programs and keep track of what has and hasn't been watched. The substitute has been using Google Reader and subscribing to RSS feeds for the podcasts I used itunes for.I only play a couple games, one of those is a total no-go on the chromebook, which was something I knew before I purchased it.Here's what I have come up with so far about using the samsung 11.6" $250 machine:Pros: battery life (5-6 hrs), small size and weight (similar to macbook air) ease of use - fast to start-up (mine takes about 8 seconds), Chrome is very similar to Firefox (even can add extensions like the ones I use on the imac)(ad blocker, ghostery, lastpass, downloaders,etc.) will play most media stored in the chromebook or on google drive, will support a generic wired usb mouse, decent wifi performance, screen resolution is decent but not hi-def, audio is acceptable, battery charge rate is decent, I think the unit is fairly protected against viruses but being chained to google makes you totally spied upon by our service providing overlords.Cons: Confusing settings menus (scattered here and there), lack of uniformity on using right click for some functions and in some places but not others, lack of settings (no control panels) for standard features on laptops (ex: brightness control), ear phone jack is stiff and hard to use, SD card slot leaves part of the card sticking out the side, 100gb free google drive will not authorize for some strange reason (i tried re-setting the computer back to factory settings and trying three times - same results - no response from clicking on the button to redeem the offer), waking up from sleep is sometimes a total fail requiring a re-boot, no way I can see to block obnoxious flash ads (aside from blocking the domain in your router)I'll update it after a month or so, but as of now I have no buyers remorse.FOLLOW-UP:I've had my Chromebook for almost two months now, it gets used a lot. It is not my number one choice but here are some thoughts after using it for a while:1. the biggest problem for me with this device is the lack of software that functions like Itunes. I am a cord cutter, so my source for TV and news is the internet and mostly on itunes podcasts. If you know of a way to duplicate this service please let me know. I have tried using google RSS news-reader but it is very awkward and clumsy.2. my biggest dislike is with the small screen size.3. When I need quick access to something like amazon or email and I have to turn on a computer, the fast start-up time for the chromebook is reason #1 why I use it over my windows-7 based laptop.4. I have not met anyone anywhere that has heard of Chrome OS.5. The dependence on wifi so far has not been an issue. Making the cloud storage work and understanding what I can and cannot put there is reason #1 why I doubt I would take this on a vacation with me since I need to move images/video from the camera to storage.6. The OS needs something like a control panel screen that does not configure the Chrome browser but just the hardware. I would like to see more things settable. (time-out, btry saver modes, privacy, auto-erase my browsing history, auto-erase my downloads history, etc.)7. the metal trim around the LCD display feels loose-ish and flimsy. The flat surface area on either side of the trackpad feels flimsy and sometimes creaks when my hands rest there.8. The SD card slot should allow the card to be fully inserted, leaving almost half the card sticking out is asking for a broken card/slot.9. The battery life is great, charging is fast and easy.10. Sound and images are fine.11. You know what would really be the ideal chromebook? Make this a 17 inch display with built-in wifi/3G/4G service, non-contract (virgin mobile), allowing tethering, and a micro SD card slot for added memory and this machine would be a run-away hit.2/3/13 Just got back from a trip by plane. On many previous trips I took my macbook air (MBA). I was always worried about it coming up missing after going through airport security (the thieves in the TSA). The Chromebook is much less of a target. One of the things I do with a laptop on trips is to download pictures and videos from my cameras from the card to an external USB hard drive. Just like the MBA, the chromebook worked flawlessly for this. Only snag was if I tried to watch a large video file, hi-res, it could not display the video. I also found out that moving files from one folder to another on an SD card is nearly impossible with this OS. I did make it work with a very time consuming copy and paste technique but moving them from the SD card to the USB drive was simply drag and drop.All in all, it performed well and I feel much better about bringing it through 'security theater' than I do with the MBA that is almost $1k more!I also tried using the chromebook with a large LCD tv and it looked fine. I may consider a chrome desktop if itunes becomes available online.
computer|This is my 2nd Chromebook. I'm still using the old Chromebook (Samsung S5) at my house and I leave the new S3 ARM Chromebook at my girlfriend's house. Since Chrome is cloud based and syncs so well I go between the two Chromebooks seamlessly. The Chromebook S3 is faster than my old S5, and the built in speakers are much improved over the weak ones on the S5.While I'm not using the new S3 ARM Chromebook her 8 year old uses it (with supervision) for homework and games. We set him up a Google account, and he knows how to sign me out and sign himself in. He operates the touch pad better than I can. He uses the maximize button (shift-maximize) to go in and out of full screen for games. He plugs it into the charger when he's done. It's kid proof. No accidental erase of my data since Chrome keeps the two accounts totally separate. My girlfriend and I watch the Google Chromebook commercials that say Chromebook is "The computer for the whole Family" and we totally agree. A Chromebook is not for everyone, but it's good for a lot people young and old.I've had 20 gig of Google Storage (Drive) for over 2 years. First time I opened Google Drive on the S3 it prompted me and took me through adding the 100gig (free for 2 years). Drive and the Doc office applications are all I use now. I've not used Word or Excel since I got the 1st Chromebook (I have Office 2007 on Windows). I print from the Chromebook using Google Cloud print.I use Chrome for my browser of choice on Window which allows me to use Chrome Remote Desktop (by Google) to access and control my Windows PC from my Chromebook (S3 or S5) when needed. That is really handy. I use the Chromebook's SSH terminal (CTRL-ALT-T) to access Linux systems instead using Putty (on windows).I can't do everything on a Chromebook and still need Windows a tiny bit. But the S5 Chromebook allowed me to avoid buying a new Windows laptop last year. Now that I have the S3 Chromebook and Google Remote Desktop I have no plan to EVER buy another Windows PC.
computer|This device could easily be considered a tablet with a laptop like structure. The device is very efficient for word processing and anything else that could be considered a lightweight task, this keyboard is easily one of the more comfortable that I've come across and awfully reminiscent of a Mac Keyboard. This was a perfect birthday present to myself. Almost every other review on here has covered anything positive I have to say, the webcam could be better but I have other devices for video chatting.
computer|This chromebook is absolutely great for the purpose I bought it for. At my workplace, we use Google Apps for Business for email, calendar, docs very heavily. We do use MS Office for the normal things and I go to my Windows machine for that, but so much of my work is web-based, including my task management system that this Chromebook works well for a majority of my work. I have used the Chrome browser since it was released, and it is a robust browser that is obviously well integrated with Google Apps.I take this small, lightweight, long battery life computer with me to meetings, on the train, wherever. The battery lasts me all day. It is not hot on my lap. It does what I need it to do very well.Keep in mind you can't do on this what you could do on a full laptop- running full programs. This is web-based, and for the wi-fi version, you need an Internet connection to do much of anything. But I seem to have wi-fi wherever I'm at.For $250, it's a screaming deal. It has replaced my iPad and bluetooth keyboard for mobile email and note taking in meetings.
computer|I have both the Samsung Series 5 550 and this new ARM based Samsung Series 3, and I love both. The ARM one is obviously cheaper, lighter and better looking, but also has slightly lower performance. The difference is hardly noticeable, but it's there in two places. First, when switching tabs (when having 10 tabs open); second, when viewing video generated by the Chromebook on a Google Hangout on another computer (i.e. the outgoing video quality is not as good as with the Series 5).Other than those small differences, the two perform very similar and both are amazing devices. The Google suite of products covers most usage of Word and Excel users, and even most basic use of Powerpoint users. If you're into gaming or into video editing then you'll want something heavier, but for most people this $249 computer will be the one you go to most of the time. I have it on the kitchen counter, and the whole family uses it on and off for email, homework, YouTube etc. It's also a great computer for less computer-savvy folks (read: my sister). I sent her one, and she loves it, and I love it because it saves me tech support phone calls!Considering this machine costs less than 1/4 of my MacBook Air, and gets most of the same things done, I think this is amazing value.
computer|The features are exactly as described by Google. It resumes from standby in 1 sec and battery life is amazing so I never really power down completely. Sign off and back on is quick for multiple users. VERY light, portable, and thin. I'm not sure why people think the build quality is cheap just because it's light. I just started using Google Drive and has been great to have access to my files from all my devices (Chromebook, Windows 7 laptop, cell phone, etc.)The majority of my time on a computer is spent on the internet or typing emails. This is perfect for that. When I need to quickly check something online when in a hurry, I flip open the chromebook and can search much faster than my windows laptop (which even has an Intel SSD and weighs 7 lbs). Webpages load well, sometimes I can tell its not as fast as the Chrome browser on my Windows laptop, but the SSD alone for that cost me $230. Compared to my friend's laptop WITHOUT an SSD, the Chromebook kills the competition.The track pad is larger than normal and easy to use. I like the double finger moves for right-click and scrolling, which are difficult to do on other track pads. Keyboard spacing is normal size.The camera seems just OK. I havent tried it with Google Hangouts yet, but you can open the camera to take pics. Seemed to have a lag (compared to my samsung galaxy S3), but that phone is a $600-$700 device...Demoed this to my mom, not the most computer oriented person, and she likes it too. Very easy to use. She just uses the internet and some word processing occasionally, and now doesnt have to worry and windows updates, virus protection, installing programs to clean up windows, and is very reasonably priced.I love the direction this type of computing is going. Seems like it is focusing on just doing what you need well, instead of being overly bloated like windows.Overall, a great product and definitely worth purchasing.
computer|Absolutely love it, its only been a month but it already exceed my expectations for the price!Cons: no hard drives, so no software like Microsoft office or iTunes and with out internet/ WiFi it basically uselessPros: Fast no matter internet speed The chrome book itself is lighter than air and can be brought anywhere and is great for everyday needs. I love it and does just enough not to complicated!
computer|My Toshiba notebook crashed beyond repair prior to my buying the Chromebook. I mainly chose it for the price, couldn't beat it. All I really used my Toshiba for was browsing, researching and the occasional need to create a document.I have had the chromebook now for about a month, and it is BY FAR, my most favorite device to use amongst a Lenovo laptop, HP laptop, and my Android phone. I will NEVER use Microsoft Office again unless I am forced to. Google Docs is so much easier and more fun to use, and I have played around and done spreadsheets and a power point with Googles programs---so much easier and functional than Microsoft. My friend and I were just talking last night, why aren't more people making these Google programs their go to for this stuff???Love that is saves everything in the cloud and that I will not have to worry about losing things anymore if I don't get a chance to back up. Love that I have zero trouble printing anything from my Wi fi printer. LOVE the web store! Battery life is incredible. First day I played on it for about an hour to get familiar and 2 days later went back to 3/4 battery life without the machine being completely shut down. Doesn't get hot at ALL, and the keyboard is awesome..identical to the mac keyboard and soooo comfortable to type on.My new favorite device, can't imagine going back to any other notebook after this. If you are still trying to decide, just buy it. Can't beat the price and I PROMISE you will love it!
computer|Easy to use........fairly fast. Perfect for my needs.......producing documents and spread sheets.. Cloud Computing feature is the future. Great value for the price.
computer|This arrived yesterday, came well packaged and secure (though only paper was used by amazon to secure the chromebook box within the main package). After unboxing and turning on (for some reason it would only turn on the first time when it was connected to the mains power supply despite it then being at 98%, it's been on and off since then, I think it could have been a user problem?) the setup couldn't be simpler, just log in using your google account...and that's it.The build quality for the price is excelled, nothing felt 'hollow' or unsupported, the keyboard is very satisfying to use, as is the trackpad and multi touch. I thought that the screen wouldn't be very bright having read some of the other reviews but at max brightness it was definitely bright enough for me! I happened to find 1/2 to 2/3 brightness better to work at. The keys looks nice and the dedicated browsing buttons are great and take the place of F1-F12 etc.(as you no longer need F keys). my only turn off is that after typing for a few hours there was already a patina of grease on the space bar from my thumb (I was my hands, honestly!) that I'm going to keep on top of with chlorox wipes (I guess it's good for hygiene) but that surprised me as it took a 'long' time for my last laptop to show this shine on its keys (mostly because I was wearing the plastic away from use).All the 'apps' work as you would expect and look basically like their online counterparts (most of the apps are just links to the online versions) though you can use documents offline and they will be uploaded next time you connect to the internet, you can also choose to sync your google documents and download your files for use offline (not sure how this will work if I go over the storage limit of the chromebook...or where they're kept when they can be used offline as they're not in the "files" folder.Connectability seems good, USB ports, AV out, SD card slots etc. all present, the power supply seems a weak spot in the back if you knock it off a table or drop it, looks like it's waiting to snap off due to it being very thin. I heard that the bottom scratches easily so assumed that it had no support pads but it does...so I can only assume people are resting it on their laps on ... zips or something, it seems fine to me.Battery length...is awesome. I sat and types for 3 hours + online last night on 2/3 brightness and the adaptive battery monitor but me at around 55-60% with 4 hours left at that useage level so it definitely does what I need it to in that aspect.As we all know, Netflix is not working at the moment on this due to the ARM processor but it looks like it's in the works, hulu works as does pandora etc. and crunchyroll for those who like anime so that's nice.You can easily customize the background etc. and the in built camera/mic is nice for vid chatting though you're currently limited to google vid etc. having the guest option is a nice touch, I can just hold the power button once, log off and someone else is on instantly to browse around (basically puts it into incognito mode so nothing is saved). Startup time is around 9-10 seconds to the desktop depending on how fast you can type your password but it's about 7-8 seconds to the main login screen as promised.Google drive is easily upgraded and adds onto whatever google drive is associated with the first account you log in with. I'm still not sure how to get my internet passes but I'll worry about that when I actually a) need them b) go on an airline where I can use them. I don't think I could ever use my 5gb so 105gb is a massive amount. I haven't tried streaming video from google drive (not sure if that's even possible) but if it is that could be a nice compromise from movies on a flash drive/SD card.Google remote looks promising if you don't mind keeping your main pc on at home as you could theoretically load programs on that and remote control it to display on the chromebook (correct me if I'm wrong).Once I've used it more regularly I'll update this with any problems I've found but so far Samsung appear to have hit it out of the park and I have zero actual complaints (no start errors requiring reloads that other users seem to have). Would definitely recommend.------------------------------------------Edit: 4/9/2013I use my chromebook for my extended campus program (about 5 hours at a time) and I've never yet ran out of battery or came close, with lower brightness settings, not using speakers etc. just wireless and typing I can get 8 hours. Average life is dot on 6 hours as promised. As a build issue I have noticed that the trackpad on the bottom right is a little lower than the left, easier to click, I don't know if this was intended but it hasn't gotten worse and it's not that noticeable but I thought I'd mention it.The auto update works flawlessly (I had a minor issue when I changed my google password but once it connected to the wifi it asked me to update it), you get to use sites like hulu and crackle along with Netflix (I hear, I haven't tried yet myself but apparently this has been a recent change!)If you're looking for a replacement for your desktop pc (or even your traditional OS laptop) this isn't for you, if you're looking to supplement it, go right ahead, you won't regret it.Also I've never seen any of the problems that the 1 stars have mentioned, black screens, dead, having to push reset, not finding wireless etc. I think it could have been a bad early batch.
computer|OK&#60; Chromebooks have their limitations. No storage (or almost none) and everything is in the browser. All that is good. The construction is great (again, for $249), the screen is pretty good (again for $249) and really, it does the job.Flash makes the browser crash every once in a while, and when you have 10 tabs open, it runs a little slow...but it works as advertised.
computer|I so happy to be done with Windows, connects in 3 sec. to network, ready to work in 6 sec. No more endless updates, popups, and stupid Microsoft products. Both Apple and Microsoft are scared to death of Google and Samsung. The track pad is a different setup: it's one finger for left click, two fingers for right click. I didn't read the directions at first and it drove me crazy for month cause I thought is was left and right on the track pad itself.
computer|I myself am a chemistry graduate student that commutes to campus everyday. I started out my first semester by buying a new laptop (Dell XPS 15). Given my field of studies, most of my computer use on campus was internet browsing and light office work. For those needs, my laptop was very excessive. It was also heavy and I didn't feel safe carrying it around campus.When ChromeBooks first came out, I initially dismissed the idea. However, a couple months back I started thinking and realized it was perfect for my on the go needs. I bought one last week and am very pleased with the purchase (this review was written on it).Some Pros:1. Solid state drive, very sturdy. Only 16GB, but if only GoogleDocs are saved, then it's plenty. An SD card can expand storage if needed. I would only see use of that if you want to store a lot of music on one though.2. Built in virus protection.3. Peace of mind. My gaming laptop is in my apartment where it's safe.4. 2 years of 100GB cloud storage for free.Cons:1. This is a main reason I can't give it five stars. The ChromeOS can't recognize/is compatible with 'Corporate Wi-Fi' networks, i.e. a College network (best way I can describe that). Thankfully the IT people did have a workaround me: registering as a guest at the start of each semester. Hopefully Google will fix that.2. Heavy on cloud storage. Kind of a con. It's fine for articles, but I wouldn't put anything extremely important into the cloud.Bottome line: this is a good product if you are seeking portability and internet-based work. If you want a little more, a tablet might be a better option.
computer|I've been using my chromebook for about a month now, and have had very mixed results. It is responsive, but when it comes to playing any kind of streaming video the hardware limitations become apparent. Netflix compatibility has been &#34;in progress&#34; for months now and shows no sign of coming soon. When you use it for web apps, the chromebook really shines (and really, if that's not your primary use you should look elsewhere).After about a week of use, I found that I couldn't wake it up from sleep mode, instead I would have to reset it if it ever went into sleep. Many people online reported that it only happened if they were logged in at the time (which is a pretty serious flaw), and others reported that it was a known bug. I reported the bug myself and received no response after a few weeks, but switching to the beta channel seems to have fixed it. Be forewarned, you are in for a less smooth ride than you'd get from more polished laptops.
computer|I ordered the Chromebook and a full powered Acer Windows 8 laptop at just about the same time. After two weeks I'm returning the Acer and keeping the Chromebook.So why would I ditch the full powered laptop for the Chromebook?As a student and a business owner, the Chromebook handles 99.5% of the things I use my laptop for, but is much more portable and less expensive. Windows 8 also drove me insane, but that's a different review.Pros:* Super Thin* Light Weight* Non-glossy Screen* Great Keyboard* Google Docs (if you aren't using them as a student, you are missing out)* Great Battery Life* Fast Boot Time* InexpensiveCons* Limited On-Board Storage (compared to a regular laptop)* No Optical DriveOverall I'm very happy with my purchase and would highly recommend the Chromebook to anyone looking for a affordable alternative to an ultrabook or any full laptop. It does have some limitations, but those are more than made up with the cost of this device.
computer|I was recently thinking about replacing my trusty old MacBook with something a bit lighter. The MacBook has been a workhorse, but at six pounds, I find myself leaving it at home if I'm going any further than the local coffee shop. I toyed with the idea of getting a MacBook Air, which seems like the perfect laptop for me, but coming off a long stretch of unemployment, the price was too steep for my meager budget. Then the Samsung Chromebook came out.I do all my writing in Google Docs, so the Chromebook seemed like it might be the perfect laptop for my needs. It is light (2.31 pounds), it has a good keyboard, and it is specifically designed to work well with Google stuff. Best of all, it was only $249--about a third of the price of a MacBook Air. What could possibly go wrong?Not much, as it turns out. After using the laptop for a few weeks now, I can report that it lives up to its billing. For anyone who has replaced their Microsoft Office with Google's Docs, the Chromebook it certainly worth considering. That's not to say it is perfect. There are some problems with the Chromebook. Some of these problems are minor, but some are not. I'll get to the problems in a minute, but first, here's a quick rundown of the computers fine points.Unlike almost every laptop on the planet, the Chromebook runs neither Windows nor OSX. It has its own operating system, which is entirely based around Google's Chrome browser. Any documents you create are saved in the Google Drive window. Sometimes this can be a little disorienting. If you go to change the Settings on the computer, for instance, it opens as a window in Chrome.You have option of installing additional programs, but only those that are available through the Chrome store. In this respect, it's a bit like an iPad, but with real keyboard. Fortunately, the Chrome Store is very robust at this point. I needed a flowchart program, for instance, and I was able to find one that fit my needs perfectly (Lucidcharts) without any difficulty. However, if your business relies on a specific software package, the Chromebook might not suit your needs. The Chrome Store is worth checking though as many major cloud-based systems (such as Salesforce) offer Chrome apps.The keyboard is good on the Chromebook. It is a chiclet-style keyboard nearly identical to the one on the MacBook Air in appearance and feel. The one odd characteristic of the keyboard is the replacement of the Caps Lock key with a key that brings up the applications menu; a bit like the Windows key on a PC. Fortunately, you can easily switch this key back to a Caps Lock function in the Settings menu. I suspect that most people will want to do this right away.The computer does not include many ports, but the ones it has are good ones. They include an HDMI port for hooking the computer up to a high-def TV, a USB 2 and a USB 3 port. It has an SD card slot that will accept SD, SDHC and SDXC cards, and it has a USIM slot, which, if I can figure out how to use it (and it isn't too expensive to use), might be useful for using the Chromebook at my favorite local coffee shop, which doesn't have WiFi.Of course, the biggest thing the computer has going for it is its weight. At less than two-and-a-half pounds, I found myself checking my briefcase after leaving the house to make sure I had remembered to bring it. After four years of lugging around my old MacBook it was a nice change.One of the features that helped me decide to purchase the Chromebook was the inclusion of multiple finger gestures. Like the MacBook, you can scroll down by dragging down the trackpad with two fingers. Tap to click is available for those of you who like this feature, although personally, it's the first thing I turn off. Like the PC, it offers a right and left click, which is one of the few things I have always preferred about PCs. Since there are no right and left buttons on the Chromebook, the right click is accessed by clicking with two fingers.Of course, it's not all goodness and light. There are some things you should consider before buying the Chromebook. People who rely on the Macbook's lighted keyboard are going to be disappointed to find that this feature is missing. It also requires you to have a Google account and work, at least part of the time, on line. The computer has a sync feature that lets you continue working when you are not online, but it is really intended as more of a stopgap than an alternative. The system prefers to be connected.When it is shipped, there is a styrofoam sheet that separates the keyboard from the screen. You might want to save this sheet. After carrying the laptop around for a few days, I noticed a gray smudge on the screen where it came in contact with the bottom of the keyboard. This wiped off easily, still, you might want to use that styrofoam sheet to skip this necessity.If you are using multiple tabs in Chrome, the system essentially turns off the tabs that you are not using. This means there is sometimes a slight lag as the page is redisplayed when you click from tab to tab. How much of a lag seems to depend more on your wireless connection than on the computer.The biggest drawback for the Chromebook is its inability to handle special characters easily. By special characters, I don't simply mean things like vowels with accent marks (&eacute;, , &uuml;, &auml;, &ouml;), but even the everyday em dash--like the one I just used. Here is one area where the Mac has outshone all other operating systems since the beginning. You want to type an em dash? Hold down the Option and shift keys and press the hyphen key. Voila! you have an em dash. To do the same thing on a PC requires a little more work. You have to hold down the alt key and press 0151 on the numeric keypad (it won't work on the number keys). That's a bit more work, and it's a real pain in the ass on a PC laptop, where to access the numeric keypad, you have to press a function key to turn part of your keyboard into a keypad temporarily.But that is nothing compared to the Chromebook where to enter an em dash, you have hold down Control and Shift Keys and press U, then type 2014, and then hit enter. Essentially seven key gestures for one character. To make matters worse, this command sequence doesn't work in the actual Google documents. there are ways around this, but none of them are very good. You can choose special characters from the insert menu, which is probably the easiest way, or you can assign certain key combinations to convert to other characters. You could, for instance, assign a double dash to turn into an em dash (Microsoft Word does this), but this will only work if the dashes are set off from the other words by a space. The same for other special characters, which makes this feature a lot less useful.In spite of these problems, the Chromebook is a nearly perfect laptop for a specific market segment. If you are someone who is working primarily (or better yet, exclusively) in Google Docs, this is the laptop for you. I recommend the Chromebook wholeheartedly. It is a great little machine at an astounding price.
computer|I think most of the 4-5 star reviews are accurate, so if you're on the fence, would encourage you to browse those.Key things to know: First, you are NOT getting the hardware of a $1,000+ Windows 8 Ultrabook, so keep your expectations moderate. This device is basically a terminal to run the Chrome web browser. Second, you can NOT install programs; ie MS Office or HR Block Tax Cut. If you'd like to get a sense of what it can do, simply use the Chrome Browser on your current computer and browse the Chrome web store. Most of what you can do through there, is what this computer will do but not much else.Now that your expectations are set, here's the PROs I've found after almost a month of use.- Price (with reason, it's cheaper than the the cheapest of Windows 8 laptops and most high-end tablets)- Good battery life- Very light weight- Nice keyboard spacing (IMO, have seen reviews that others dislike)- Fast boot times (pretty much open the lid and sign on, almost immediate)Here's my CONs- Some YouTube videos have a choppy playback that I don't get on other devices in my house (so, I think it's hardware driven and not a slow Internet connection) - Main reason for 4 * review and not full 5 *.- Google Docs currently lacks some basic formatting capabilities (ie merge cells in Doc table). Maybe not a common need, but annoying for how basic a task this is.- Screen size: I would like about one more inch. Some pictures or websites end up outside the viewable area.- Seems to have some weak spots in where the top of keyboard meets the undercarriage around the palm rest. Not an issue yet, but curious to see if this loosens up as time goes on.My story: Like most (computer geek) people these days, I have a smart phone, 10.1 tablet, kindle touch, desktop, web enabled Blu Ray player, and a laptop. The laptop is almost 10 years old running XP, so I was looking to upgrade. I really wanted a new Ultrabook (solid state drives are cool) but given current fleet of devices, was not able to rationalize $1,000+ for the new touchscreen enabled models that are coming out. I had been reading up on the Chromebooks, and was curious to know if it could meet my needs. By needs, I mean Facebook, Twitter, shopping on Amazon, e-mail and other general web use which are 95% of my in-home computing needs. I got a gift card for another retailer for Xmas, and the price was the same as here, so I decided to take the plunge and give it a test drive.Very quickly, this has replaced my laptop with almost no loss of functionality. In fact, I had to go back to my laptop for something, and was reminded that it's much heavier than this (I truly use them as Lap tops). I would bet that most average users could use such a device instead of paying 3-5 times as much for a Windows computer. I am also falling in love with cloud storage after having multiple hard drives fail on me. You'll want to familiarize yourself with Google Drive as it's the primary replacement for local storage (only 16GB on board, but external drives are also an option). I rarely use my laptop outside of a WiFi zone, so not much of a concern to have offline functionality. Lastly, I am taking some college courses, and I am able to save all of Office documents (word, excel, and powerpoint) up to Google Drive. I have been typing all of my documents via Docs, and then downloading in the Office format when I need to submit. So far so good.Summary - For $249, this makes a suitable secondary device. I couldn't use it for all my computing needs, but it covers most. If you are looking for a basic computer for school age children, this might be a viable alternative.
computer|I have been trying for 3 weeks to get through to a second level Samsung tech and finally got through today.The Samsung tech confirmed that the Samsung Chromebook XE303C12-A01US will not work with most projectors as the chromebook has something called EDID and will not work with standard projectors. He was unable to recommend an EDID capable projector.So if you work in a business or educational setting where you need to connect with a projector, wait until they get this fixed.Otherwise the samsung chromebook is well designed, easy to use and the price is right.
computer|I love my new Samsung Chromebook. After one week of constant use, I am very pleased with my purchase. I would like to begin by saying that my "main" computer is a 15.5" Sony Vaio that dual-boots Ubuntu and LinuxMint. I am a student and was looking for something that would be a more portable as I run back and forth from home to university. I browsed the latest laptops at Best Buy and was not ready to commit to funding any of the new models I saw. Then, I came across the Chromebook section and decided $249 was a perfect price and it appeared that the machine had all the basic requirements I would need. To my great disappointment, Best Buy was sold out so I immediately came home and ordered one from amazon.Who Should Buy a Chromebook?Anyone who wants a more portable laptop and only needs a computer for writing documents, browsing the web or watching videos should really consider a Chromebook. Also, any first-time laptop owners who just want to do simple tasks would benefit from having a Chromebook because they are so easy to use and you do not have to worry about licences, updates or viruses. If you need specific software or play a lot of games, the Chromebook would not be a good replacement.What I Like:Set-up - Setting up a Chromebook is the easiest set up I have every gone through. If you have a google account, all you do is login using that information, select your wi-fi network and time zone and everything is ready for you. If you use the Chrome web browser, all of your tabs are synced.Size - 11.6" seems so small compared to my 15.5" laptop, but the Chromebook's size makes it easily portable. The screen size has only been an issue on a few select website where I needed to adjust the page view, but otherwise I feel I adjusted very well to the smaller size.Keyboard - The Chromebook's keyboard is one of its best features. I love typing on this little machine. The size of the keys and the space between the keys is perfect. Instead of function keys above the numbers, the Chromebook has smart keys to better navigate the Chrome browser. Also, screen and volume adjustment keys are in this same row, making controlling your machine a lot easier than trying to remember which function key does what. There is no page up or down keys, but a series of keyboard shortcuts found on the Chromebook's website will show you how to achieve those tasks.Trackpad - I love the larger trackpad, so much more intuitive and useful than the standard PC trackpads. I have noticed this style is catching on in other PC brands (thanks Apple).Solid State Drive - One of the main reasons I chose the Samsung Chromebook over the Acer Chromebook, other than aesthetics, was the SSD. Although only 16GB, with Google Drive's 100GB cloud storage, I have plenty of room for my files and pictures. When I am using the Chromebook, several tabs open and typing away, I am still surprised how the machine makes NO noise. The casing never gets hot, I have noticed it becomes warm while in use, but that is to be expected and is not a distraction. The fast and soundless SSD leads me to my following point . . .Battery Life - This is the best feature of the Chromebook. I have clocked in over 6 hours of battery life before charging. I have yet to run the battery down lower than 25% because I never need to! The simplicity of the operating system (Chrome OS) and the fact that the traditional hard drive with moving parts has been replaced by a flash drive absolutely contributes to the Chromebook's lasting battery life. Of course, when I am on batter power, I turn the brightness down. I no longer even bother bringing the power cord with me to school since I can get plenty of work done between charges.Things I'm Getting Used To . . .I was an early adopter to the Chrome web browser because it was always the fastest on the operating systems I used. With that said, I would consider myself very familiar with how to use the Chrome features. However, using Chrome OS was an adjustment for me, because it was different than what I was used to. Not worse or harder, just different. I had to get used to using Google Drive instead of Dropbox and using Google Docs instead of LibreOffice or MS Word. Also, I still have my other laptop that I needed to figure out how to sync with my new Chromebook to make switching between machines seamless. After a few days, I was able to figure out a system that worked for me.Also, the Chromebook doesn't give you a lot of control over how your desktop looks. Yes you can change the background image and arrange the apps however you like, you can even choose to have the dock disappear. Other than that, very little is left to the user to configure. I believe this is intentional to make using the Chromebook the easiest experience for the majority of users.Although it has not been an issue yet, I would like to mention that I wish that the memory was 4GB instead of 2GG mostly for longevity reasons. I will have to update this review if that becomes an apparent issue in the future.To summarize, I love the Chromebook and it certainly makes a very good laptop replacement, for now. It works great for my needs and since I am always around wi-fi. Also, this laptop is beautiful. Looks aren't everything, but beautiful things sure are inspiring.
computer|First off, let's just get this out of the way. If you come to a Chromebook expecting a machine to run the latest games on or with expectations that it will do the same things as a $500 Windows laptop, you've come to the wrong place.That said, if what you are looking for is a reasonably well-built lightweight machine that provides solid basic applications at a low cost, this is a great choice. Yes, it's just a machine that runs "just a web browser." But if you let that limit your view of what's possible, you're missing out.Even inside Google's ecosystem lies enough power to provide most of your needs. A good solid word processor, a spreadsheet, a usable "forms" application for basic databases, and even a presentation graphics package. Throw in Google Mail and Picasa, and what else does a novice computer user need? Facebook, YouTube, and even some of the video services (although, because of its reliance on Microsoft Silverlight, sadly not Netflix) all run beautifully. It also does a fine job of playing local media stored on a thumb drive or even a small hard drive.Even advanced users will find something to like about this Chromebook. It's super lightweight, all solid state, and the 6-hour battery life is perfect for a "second laptop" around the house or for the long excursions where carrying a full-function laptop is too much weight. Samsung's build quality is fantastic, especially for such a low-cost product. I'm a systems administrator, and it makes a perfect go-anywhere SSH and RDP terminal at a low-cost and light weight.Chrome's "offline mode" does a superb job of letting you use Google Drive's features without needing a full-time net connection, so much of what makes this a usable machine doesn't need a tether to the network to work. As more and more applications are developed to support "offlining" (which is not just limited to Chromebooks) this will only improve.No, it's not a replacement (yet) for a full-function computer for everybody. It is a great starter machine for a novice user, or a second machine for a more advanced user that's willing to accept that World of Warcraft isn't happening on this machine.
computer|The Good:+ small, lightweight, fast for its size+ great battery life+ lots of apps via chrome app store+ google integration is superior to all other products at this level, given what you get for FREE.The Not So Good:+ if you have big hands, like sasquatch or if you are one of those manly types who can't be seen with small devices.+ the chrome web app store, there's alot of stuff on there to sift through and sometimes there's no telling what works until you try it.+ Screen says 11.1 but really feels just like a 10.1 but then again who buys a $199 to $249 netbook for the screen size, you want portability, ease of use.+ the touchpad is alright but my thumbs tend to touch it when I type, I have to make an effort (I know right, effort who does that anymore) to not touch it.+ People may ask you what it is, to wit, to explain it gets blanks stares and comments like "so its like an ibook, macbook air, etc."+ Gasp, no Netflix support yet as of 1/15/2013.I love this device, for the price it beats a tablet and really what do almost all tablets lack? A nice folding screen that shuts off and a usable keyboard with good battery life. The keyboard is a champ for typing, although if you type really fast its hard to tell if you're missing keys but the strokes do feel distinct and smooth. The weight of this is great, no lugging 15.1 inch laptops around, thats just silly. Can serve up hulu, amazon, epixhd and vudu without issue. Wifi range is great, I put my router on the 1st floor through 3 walls and I still get great 802.11 N reception. If you have 802.11 G well I pity you, man / woman up already. Lastly what makes thing awesome? The price, you get so much for your money and you can buy 4 of them for the price of one ipad. And really, are ipads that great? Sure they are, the keyboards for them cost almost as much as the Chromebook. Don't be fooled by online, go to a Best Buy or find someone, that owns one first. This is a bit to take in... there are very little in the way of apps unless you know what you are looking for. If you already have the chrome browser and you use a chrome web app and you know what that is and you have a android phone then this will be like an extension of your digital space.Who this product is not for: anyone looking to install windows apps. Anyone looking for serious processing power that can't be levered by the cloud. Anyone who must.have.netflix.right.now. Anyone with an existing idevice ecosystem may not get used to this type of product right away. I'd say perfect student laptop, perfect portable light document editing or web consumption and casual gaming, great tablet alternative at half the cost.
computer|I read somewhere that the new Chromebook makes a great &#34;second computer&#34; and they could not be more right.Pros:-Light-Compact-Really fast boot-Seamless integration with other Google products- 100GB free Google Drive-A really great on-screen map of keyboard shortcuts-Always updated-You don't have to worry about antivirusCons:-Won't connect with Apple products-Available apps aren't always fully vetted by Google. I've already found two popular apps that run adware as well, but nothing malicious and they can be removed easilyI actually bought this for my wife since she killed her last nice laptop and found the 17&#34; replacement I gave her too heavy. Her main interests are Facebook, blogging, and in general just being connected to the Internet. The Chromebook is perfect for just that! She uses it all the time, and she REALLY likes Google Drive now that she understands it. I have also fallen in love with this Chromebook, and I really like how I can use it with my own Google account whenever it's not on her lap.Probably one of my favorite and best tech purchases in a while.
computer|First, I'll acknowledge up front that I've evaluated this Chromebook in the context of my kids who go to a school that uses google apps, and my own workplace which has also migrated to google apps as well. Were those factors not in play, I suppose I'd find this machine somewhat less useful.With this disclaimer out of the way, my bottom line is that I couldn't be happier with this purchase. I have a nice windows laptop, our family has a nice mac laptop at home, and we have ipad, kindle fire and google nexus 7 tablets. With all those choices, I naturally find myself picking this machine up first in the living room. Battery life is great, it's light, and it happens to do well 50% of what I like to do in random moments on a machine at home (the balance of my time I'm using a kindle paperwhite -- also a great product that simply works). My kids seem to be having the same experience with the chromebook as they look to do homework, etc. They are grabbing for this machine first as well.The same is true, to my surprise, at work. While some apps like powerpoint make me unable to envision actually giving up my laptop for work for probably several years to come, again I find myself naturally using the chromebook most of the time when both are up and running on my desk. The other interesting thing is how quickly my workflow is evolving. I can count on one hand how many times over the past several years I unplugged my laptop and brought it into a meeting. With this new machine, I find myself bringing it into meetings more often than not. I usually don't use it, but it's so light and so fast that it's a subconscious, cost-free decision to take it whether I end up using it or not.I'd encourage anyone to give this machine serious consideration. If you are in a google apps world, I'd encourage you to give this very, very serious consideration. I have some of the same misgivings others do about living too much in any one vendor's world (in my case, that's become Google), but that vague discomfort noted I'm nevertheless sold.
computer|I've had my chromebook for a couple months now, and I increasingly love it. I just pulled out my old laptop (heavy, slow MacBook) the other day, and I was really impressed by how much the Chromebook has spoiled me.Sure, you can't load your own 3rd party programs, and the storage is minimal, and the screen is not industry-leading... but you knew that all before you bought it!It's thin and super lightweight. The computer loads in seconds when powered on, and pages load faster that my old mac ever did. Not sure why everyone complains about the screen so much. Why is everyone looking at their screen from funny angles anyway? Looks just fine when it's sitting in front of me.The Chrome web store has tons of add-ons which improve functionality. Memory hasn't been a problem for me at all; keep a flash drive around, and you'll be fine. Battery life has been at least 6-7 hours per charge, which is phenomenal. Completely silent while running, which is nice. Speakers are better than I expected. HDMI link to my 42" LCD TV has very nice picture. Keyboard has a very nice feel to it, and trackpad works well. 12 free GoGo in-flight passes almost pay for the machine itself.Crashed on me twice shortly after I got it; probably had too many windows/tabs open (may have something to do with combination of having both incognito and regular windows open... not sure). Software has updated itself several times since I first started using it, and now no more crashes. Couldn't open my dropbox files at first; after upgrades, it's working perfectly. I do wish Google and/or Citrix could develop a better app than their current Citrix Receiver, which is really my only complaint. That would really help make this a dynamite cloud-friendly computer.At $250, this is an incredible value. Really glad I stepped outside my Mac and PC comfort zone to make this purchase. Careful: if you lend it to your family and friends for a "minute," it may be hours or days before you see it again. :)
computer|I am generally a high-end user requiring a lot of computing power for large spreadsheets and SPSS. My machine prior to this was a XPS 16 with 2nd gen I7, 8 gig ram, and a 256 SSD. It was and is a great machine. Also, I have a 15 inch MacBook Pro. I have found both of the machines to be fantastic. However, when travelling or just for everyday non-desk use they can be a bit large and cumbersome.My research narrowed down my purchase of a portable option for travel to the ASUS Zenbook or the Lenovo Yoga.... both of which appear to be great machines. But then, I stumbled upon an article about the new Google Chromebook. The hook of the free go-go inflight passes, the 100 gigs of storage on GDrive, and the 100 meg month of 3g from Verizon caused me to reconsider my purchase decision. After some research, I decided to try the Chromebook.To echo many of the previous reviews, the build quality is very surprising for the price. In a nutshell, the Chromebook looks and feels very much like the 11 inch MacBook Air. Interestingly, while the chassis is plastic, it has a solid feel and there is NO flex in the keyboard. Typing on the Chromebook is a pleasure.I recognize that the little Chromebook hardware is much more of a mobile machine and less of a full featured computer than a Windows 8 or Mac OS machine. But with the variety of apps available for productivity, Chromebook gets the job done. The value of Chromebook cannot be beat. In addition, with the Chrome Remote desktop, I am able to utilize the higher-end computing power of my other machines when needed.For the price, I would recommend this machine to everyone.
computer|So I am a heavy chromebook user. I have/had the first Samsung chromebook, Chromebox, 550, and now just received the new $249 Chromebook today.For $249 it is a steal. Great looks (80% of a Macbook Air). I wanted to focus this review to give insight to people already using other chromebooks.1) Screen - The screen is nothing like the first 2 versions from Samsung. This is a cheaper screen that is very noticeable side by side. Many others mention about the viewing angle losing brightness, I agree. I also have a cloudy into (almost the wrong hue) on my screen. Very similar to my first notebook in 1998. Samsung, if you have a better option -please use it. This is the most glaring thing versus the 550.2) Design - LOVE IT! After comparing the two, I want the screen of the 550 pushed into the form factor of this new one. Measurably more thin without the rounded plastic feel that has dogged the first two Samsung chromebooks.3) Sound - It is like going back to the original Samsung chromebook. Almost half the volume of the 550. Ok, but don't expect the volume.4) Speed - Do not notice issues here.In summary, I would love if they made an option for $50-$100 more with a 12.5" - 13" higher quality screen (seems like enough room, as there is a large bezel around this new one). Also wished they would upgrade the speakers and volume. Put these two things into the current size and design and you have a STRONG business/higher end machine (for $299-$349, no more $449 chromebooks please as it defeats the purpose). That said, this is a great value for what it is and I strongly feel every house should have this laying around (you will use it more then a tablet). I just wish they had a higher quality machine like the 550 in this design (at a lower price point).
computer|Admit it - we live in the browser. Except for photo management and music management and a few special programs, Windows PCs are becoming irrelevant to many home users. As Steve Jobs said, PCs are "like trucks" - big, clunky and get the intended job done.Almost all home computing around my place is on tablets, smartphones and now, this Chromebook. The build is great for a $250 device, the trackpad and its smoothness is *incredible* in Chrome OS - way better than almost every laptop PC I've ever tries (except the MacBook - nothing touches that). The screen is decent and usable, the keyboard excellent and the response around Chrome OS is just awesome.For a general-purpose PC that does 90% of what I use traditional laptop PCs for, this thing delivers and has the battery life I've always wanted. May get a few more for around the house. Love this thing, and so does my wife. We sold her MacBook Air that she became frustrated with since it was confusing to use and sometimes crashed. She was in LibreOffice or Chrome on that thing almost all the time anyway. So, sold it and nearly paid for an iPad 4 and this Chromebook. So awesome.
computer|The device I think it's great, maybe according to specifications is not the world's fastest computer, and that made &#8203;&#8203;me fear a bit about performance, but I confess that it has exceeded my expectations, very comfortable keyboard, the screen size is ideal for everyday tasks, device is pretty light.To test processor speed I was playing Angry Birds and only at the beginning of the game I seem to notice some lag, but the rest of the game was pretty good, offline version did not vary much in game speed but obviously improved the speed of initial load and between each stage.The internet connection is pretty simple and familiar, detects wifi networks available, put the password and go. What surprised me here was that I plugged my Galaxy Nexus via USB, enabled USB tethering and it worked perfectly, without additional configuration or anything. Simply spectacular... but, it works once, next time doesn't work, I don't know why, maybe is a problem with my smartphone's Internet provider, last weeks it doesn't work very well.Device has also options to configure VPN access, but I failed to connect, maybe I get it later and post the tips.Specifications not mention it, but on settings menu there are options for bluetooth devices. I did a search on two smartphones, and Chromebook was not discovered, neither smartphones on Chromebook, so it is only a menu for supporting devices.Applications menu seems simple and precise settings tab is the same way as Chrome browser, with some additional options like Wifi settings, mouse and keyboard, etc..I must confess that the keyboard looks weird without the function keys, but once you use it you realize that you do not need it. The size and spacing of the keys is pretty comfortable. It has a support for keyboard shortcuts (pressing Ctrl + Alt + /), which seem to be very large, but all of them have a utility that amazes, even you can increase or decrease the brightness of the keyboard, if the device supports it. Although the keyboard is in English you can configure to write with accents, "&ntilde;" and symbols of other languages. Perhaps worst of the equipment are the keys themselves, at first glance seem to be a cheap plastic, the space key when typing sounds somewhat, unlike the other keys, but are soft to press and doesn't have annoying click like other keyboards.The touchpad is simple, has no buttons but allows simple gestures (special moves with two fingers), which make it quite easy to navigate. The drawback I found is that the touchpad itself is a bit harsh, maybe it's my skin but sometimes at dragging fingers the mouse gives some small jumps on the screen, is not serious but could be better. My wireless mouse was recognized and it worked fine except that I could not set higher speed, the maximum offering is not what I would like, but can be a problem with my mouse, should be tested with other models, but is a matter of taste.The built-in webcam offers good quality, but unfortunately on a G+ hangout I noticed that ChromeOS is not supported on some options, such as masks and others. It's disappointing, I found a group on Google Groups where a Google engineer acknowledges the problem and says they are looking for a solution, but the answer is dated 2011, I hope to settle it soon.The built-in speaker sound is great, being located under the machine, in the front, makes the sound heard from everywhere on device, which is fine with me. In fact when I'm writing I am listening blues from my music collection in Google Music and is very nice.For a hangout I could also see that headphone's jack does not accept the microphone built into the headset from my Galaxy Nexus, which I think is strange because the picture on the Chromebook indicates that accepts headphones and microphone.Chromebook lights in just 8 seconds (yes, 8, timed), and pressing the menu option to shut down you do not realize and faded (3 seconds off). When off and lift the lid the system turns on automatically, avoid pressing the power button, which I think is a very good idea, as well as opening the applications you had open when turning off. It takes a few seconds (no more than 5) to reconnect and continue with what you were.When connecting a flash drive it recognizes and displays the files in a small embedded file manager, which also shows a local folder called "Downloads" and Google Drive. It strikes me that when connecting my Galaxy Nexus is not recognized and does not show me the files, however when I connect my LG P500 recognizes the 3 partitions I have (normal internal, second partition for Link2SD and SD card). I think maybe they thought the Galaxy Nexus, being a Google product does not need connect to Chromebook and you can get on the web photos and files directly with native applications (auto uploads), perhaps someone don't like it, but I find some logic and does not bother me.The battery is fine so far, charge is quick (2.5 hours to charge) and takes about 6.5 hours as promised.The only thing someone might miss is to have the option to burn CDs / DVDs, but in my case that's no problem, since I have a PC with Linux I can do that.Regarding the use of the same equipment as simple as a web browser, with all standard options that are expected of a modern browser and we know in Chrome.Being Chromebook based entirely on web applications I saw the need to look what applications might need as "executable", and so far I have been able to supply all I can think, ChromeOS's help give you several alternatives to common tasks via web. Even I was surprised to find a terminal emulator (telnet, ssh) via Web, which works perfectly.Incredible is the successful integration of hardware and software included, and the ecosystem of "applications" that has been created and also integrate well, almost without access to the small inner disc, although some seem 16Gb easily reach the conclusion that you do not need much more, considering that everything is designed for use via the web with a few options to work offline (gmail, docs, some games, etc).In conclusion I think if you are a student, reporter, photographer or any profession that does not need to use Windows applications or business, or just love surfing the web is a great device, with everything you need , and a great price.At least I'm happy with the purchase and I recommend it
computer|I bought this computer for two reasons. First i wanted a computer strictly for surfing the web. This computer easily handles that. Second I wanted a computer where I am not faced with constant operating upgrades that I need to buy. Linux answers this as it is constantly a work in progress.The computer itself is solid. i really like the control pad and the screen is nice and bright. Setup was easy and I was up and running in 10 minutes.I would recommend this computer to seniors who want to check email and surf the web and have no need for productivity ; although with Google Drive you can do a lot too not to mention many of the web apps out there. Its a no brainer to operate and the operating system is super smooth.My only warning is think through how you want to use this computer. If you are not a web app person and working on things on the web and you like popular programs loaded internally then you might want to look at others.For what it is its great!
computer|I used to buy Dell PC's and laptops. But my last Dell laptop with windows 8 lasted all of 4 months before it crashed for good.I did not like Windows 8 and I had problems with the laptop. I am not sure if windows caused the laptop problems or the other way around, but it died.A friend told me to look into the chrome and I am glad I did.I use it pay bills, use my social networks, put photo's online, search the web.You can't play some games or watch some movies on here.You have to research and make sure this the laptop for you, its not for everybody.I chose the Samsung over the Acer because the keyboard looked better and it did not have a shiny screen, so I have no problems with glare. The battery life is fantastic (about 6 hours).I'm happy with the sound quality and I just love the keyboard, I think its my most comfortable laptop to type on.The screen is small (11.6) which my grandchildren don't like but I have no problem with it at all.Remember this is not window's based, so you have no windows apps. I had the Chrome browser on my old laptop so I was already used to it.The Chromebook boots up in less than 10 seconds and shuts down even faster.So, if you are looking for a basic laptop at a great price, do some research and see if this one is for you.
computer|One caveat: I am a big google user, i have used the Chrome browser since its rollout in 2008 and i was one of the lucky few to get to test the ChromeOS/chromebook idea with a CR-48. That being said, i use google's services everyday and are comfortable with them. If you dont use gmail, and have never heard of google docs and the cloud is something that rain comes out of, then the chromebook may not be for you.After repeatedly checking package tracking on Amazon, the status on my Chromebook order finally changed to "Shipped" and I called my town's post office to confirm it was indeed there. The guy running the place was amazed i knew it was there, since he had not done any final scans on his boxes. Needless to say, i rushed home and got ready to open my new Chromebook.Due to noisy and nosy kids i won't be able to do the google hangout like i wanted to, so a good written review will have to do.The Samsung 303C12 Chromebook (MSRP $249.99)Unboxing: Nothing spectacular. Multi-language quick start guide, some safety precaution stuff, basically nothing to read. ONE THING THAT DID KIND OF UPSET ME..NO CHROME STICKER! I have watched a few unboxings on youtube and everyone got a cool chrome logo sticker. Slightly bummed out.Comes with a pretty small (in comparison to other laptops) AC power supply with a fairly long cord.Looks and feel: Picking it up for the first time, i knew right away that the claims of it being lightweight and portable were true. I'd say it weighs about half as much as my CR-48. I could see myself carrying this around a lot, it is uber light. Very slim and smooth lines. The majority of the ports are along the back edge, with the exception of the headphone jack and the SD card slot, which are up on the upper left hand side. I didn't feel any flimsiness about it at all. The only "blemish" i have about the case is the rounded hinge on the lid. The look Samsung was going for here was the Macbook Air, it is pretty obvious that this is a clone of that when it comes to styling. The keyboard is a dream to type on, even better than the CR-48. The key buttons remind me a lot of a macbook. It has the chrome keys along the top replacing the traditional F1-F10 keys and the CAPS LOCK key is replaced by a search key.Actual use: First boot up was quick and fast, just have to select some geographic things and then point it to your wireless connection. Then you log in with your Google ID and it goes to the desktop. Earlier versions of ChromeOS didnt have the desktop, but now youre presented with a nice background picture and icons on the bottom right and a clock on the bottom right along with wifi gauge and battery life indicator. Very windows like in that regard.But one thing for sure, you would have to be a big believer in google services such as gmail, docs, calendar, maps, picasa and others to get full use out of a chromebook. I am making the transition to nothing but chromebooks in my house and so far everyone is getting things done with few complaints.Performance wise it works quite well, there is no fan, it doesnt get hot and renders webpages well. I havent had any issues with youtube, netflix, hulu, or any other streaming media site. Flash and PDF viewer is built in, so there is no need to go hunt down plugins from adobe.Your portal for additional apps is the chrome web store, with just about everything you need there. Word is out that this is going to get a makeover soon and look more along the lines of the Google play store for android devices.The chromebook does have a webcam, while not a HD cam it will do the job for just talking to others. Skype is not supported so face to face networking is handled by using Google+ Hangouts. Adding people is as simple as getting their gmail from them. And hangouts has the ability to video chat with up to 9 people at once.Battery life is stated at 6 and a half hours and depending on use, it will get that easily. Probably a little less if youre doing nothing on it but watching Netflix.The screen is a matte finish to reduce glare and looks very nice. I have no issues with at all with it.The touchpad...well what can i say about this...im a longtime desktop computer user and i dislike touchpads of any sort. The first thing i did was plug in my wireless mouse so i didnt have to use it. But it is usable, and from all reports works very well, and the tracking speed can be adjusted in settings.All in all, this is a great device. I plan to use it daily and finally ditch windows and not have to worry about that anymore.
computer|After MUCH debate and reading numerous reviews, I bought what I call "baby" as a web surfing toy for my corporate bus commute to and from work. Got tired of dragging around a laptop, and took the risk for $249. Tried but disliked due to its poor display my friend's Acer Chromebook--too hard to read in broad daylight. I wasn't expecting too much for the price, but am VERY pleasantly surprised. This is quick, reliable, and has a very decent display for web surfing. I'm also able to open (in Read-Only) powerpoints and word docs from my corporate server. I'm looking forward to taking this baby on a European trip because its so light, and hey - who cares if I drop it and it busts? I did drop it - hard - and it didn't bust, though, so I'm more than pleased with this device. When your kid bugs you for an Apple for goofing off on the internet, get this instead and use the rest of the money to go away for a nice weekend.
computer|I got the chromebook to take over my day-to-day needs, since I was using my Macbook Pro 13&#34; a lot more than I wanted. I've been using it for over a month now and I cannot see myself going back to my Macbook anytime soon. Google's applications are more than enough to compensate for what the Macbook has to offer. This is definitely a great purchase that I would recommend to anyone who has the money.Likes: Price, weight, keyboard, Google Drive is a dream, doesn't get too hot, quick and simple to use, the screen isn't really that big a difference from my Macbook, either.Dislikes: It's not as fast as you may think, the keyboard can stick sometimes (I tend to slam on it), and the fact that I didn't get two.
computer|I am a high school English teacher and avid Google user. I purchased the Samsung Chromebook (Wi-Fi, 11.6-Inch). For the price, it's a fantastic little laptop.My school purchased 30 Chromebooks and because my students have access to them I've gone 100% digital this quarter. The Google "software" does everything I need it to do:**Google Drive** :: Yes, it takes time (and lots of YouTubing/internet research) to figure out how to share folders but once I figured it out --- OH MY GOODNESS --- my teaching life changed. My students and I use Drive to store our work. They share their files with me and I can easily read/comment/edit/grade. We've even scheduled virtual conferences on their GDoc! I also use GForm to create a modified gradebook; students "turnin" their assignment via the GForm, copying/pasting the URL of their document. On my end, I see a Google Sheet (similar to Excel) where I see the information they wrote. I click on the link, read/comment on their ideas, then head back to the Sheet where I add another two columns, one for their grade and the other for my comments. No more paperwork, no more carrying huge bags. My Drive is organized, color-coded, and manageable. I'm a big fan.**Google Sites** :: I create my classroom website using Google Sites and it works beautifully for my purpose and audience. Again, it's not as intuitive but there are a ton of YouTube and GDoc tutorials. My students have complete access to all the files/folders we use in class. I've synced my Google Calendar on my site too.**Chromebook itself** :: Like the other reviewers noted, the laptop wakes/boots up super fast (&lt;10 seconds), which I love. My old Macbook Pro took FOREVER to start up (then again, it's really old). Google Chrome syncs all my bookmarks (which I have a TON) too. I prefer to use Chrome over Firefox or IE or Safari. And the laptop is fast. I've opened 12+ tabs w/o delay. The volume isn't too bad; but then again, I'm not a consistent music/video streamer. Oh, and the 6-8 hr battery life is divine for the classroom.**Chrome webstore** :: It's growing and that's nice. I've added many of my favorite apps (e.g. Dropbox, Minesweeper, Evernote, Pandora, EasyBib) and have pinned the few I use consistently on my launcher.**OVERALL** :: My students and I collaborate on the Chromebooks three times a week and so far, it's been a positive experience. I've even had four seniors purchase their own Chromebooks for college. Yes, there are kinks and this laptop isn't a traditional laptop, but for the price and what it's able to do in my teaching classroom, the Samsung Chromebook is perfect.
computer|We have a Samsung Chromebook at my place of work, and I tried it out. I loved it, so I ordered one of my own. It's wonderful. Easy to use, great keyboard, fast. It was perfect for my needs. I couldn't find anything I didn't like about it. . . EXCEPT it wouldn't hold the wifi connection at home. I could use it for 10-15 minutes and then it would lose the connection and just try over and over to reconnect. When it did finally reconnect, it would be for only a few seconds or minutes. I visited the most popular Chromebook users groups and found that this is a common problem. The Chromebook doeesn't hold the signals from some routers, apparently. It gets a little murky about exactly what causes it. There were all sorts of suggestions about how to handle the problem--reset this, disable that, get closer to the router, etc.--but I'm not tech savvy, and no one could say what the solution definitely was. I called Cisco, the maker of the router I own, to get help with some of the suggestions and perhaps get to the root of the problem. They would have been happy to help me for the low, low price of $200. I tried two other Samsung Chromebooks at home without success, so I believe it is something to do with my network. I decided to return the Chromebook. I will be among the first in line when I hear that the Chromebook works out of the box with all wifi networks, or if I can get reliable information about which reasonably priced router it definitely works with.Only 4 stars because it's a wifi device that doesn't work on some wifi networks.
computer|I paid $275 for this zippy little Chromebook, extra $$ for the next day shipping and it was WELL WORTH IT, WOW AMAZON, you continue to amaze me, ordered this thing at 2PM on a Monday, picked it up by 11AM on a Tuesday. Like my title says, it's somewhere between a Netbook & MacBook Air. The keyboard and silver back style is totally a mac knock off but it works. I think it's got a great little build to it. Keyboard flows amazingly, I have been typing documents & emails and it's a tremendous quality for how small it is. I'm a big dude, 6' 4'' with huge oaf hands and fingers, it still feels comfortable to me. This is a great little machine if YOU LIVE ON THE WEB. You're not going to do anything crazy with this. I had some skips while listening to a 30 minute clip from a radio show on YouTube and trying to do other stuff. I also had a little bit of trouble watching HBO GO. Then again, my network isn't an amazing connection, it's mediocre speeds at best. I bet with a better connection the video experience will be just fine. But for $249 you get a Samsung quality machine, with a mac feel, and a netbook performance. Display isn't going to blow you away but for $250 it's definitely passable. I also hear Netflix is making its own App for the Chromebook, which sounds amazing, I have a Netflix app will work great on this machine. I Love Google Drive storage and love that this thing boots up like a tablet. Its small enough to literally take anywhere and have a laptop-esque experience, without the booting up & Windows/Mac desktop booting for 15 minutes.I hope I continue to see more Google & Samsung combinations. I have a feeling the third version of this chromebook will be out of this world. They're certainly off in the right direction.
computer|- super light- fast- simple- easy to use- fully backed up- no software to install or maintain- no worry about virusesfor a huge chunk of people, word processing and document sharing, email, web browsing, online commerce etc is what they need a computer for, and this accomplishes all that brilliantly.
computer|I purchased my Chromebook back in November, and while it is not a substitute for a traditional computer, I have found it invaluable and a great compliment to my desktop PC and smartphone. When I bought it, I imagined it as a computer I could use for travel and at work to replace my aging laptop. First, the battery life is wonderful. I don't even bother bringing the charger with me to work.The computer connects to the internet fast and easy, and initial setup was a breeze. Since I already had a Google account, everything synced right up - all my files, email, docs, blogs, ect was right there waiting for me. My next step was to set up some apps. These are not traditional apps as you would find on a phone or table, but more like links to a web page. Thats fine, and it really did not make a difference. Since I use Chrome on all my computers, everything again sync'd right up. This computer serves many purposes for me - web surfing checking email, and even watching movies and online content. It boots up fast and is ready to go in seconds.Of course, there are drawbacks. First, it's not a traditional computer. So no programs, CD drives, Microsoft office or any of that stuff. Second, Flash support needs to improve; not every web page is 100% supported. And last, if you have a lot of tabs open, it slows down, but all computers would do that.Who would best benefit from a Chromebook? Honestly, I think in someway everyone could. It's great for kids, students, travelers, bloggers, and business. I don't think it is suited for web content designers and graphic designers, but short of that I have found many uses for both work and play. For $249, how can you go wrong? I recently sold all my Apple stuff and made the move to Android for mobile (with a Samsung phone and Asus tablet) and a Windows 8 touch PC. The Chromebook completes my transformation and compliments it well.I have not found the need to replace my laptop, and I enjoy the portability and quickness of the Chromebook. It's money well spent.
computer|This is a fantastic notebook for a college student on a budget. It starts up quickly, is extremely light and portable, runs cool, and boasts incredible battery life (I've been getting 5-6 hours with a full charge). I was worried the keyboard might feel somewhat cramped because of the Chromebook's small size (I've found this to be a major drawback of other notebooks &lt;13 inches), and was happy to find this was not the case.It's easy to use, intuitive, and the trackpad is excellent (really enjoying the two-finger scrolling). Most everything is run in the Chrome browser, with the Google equivalent of the Office suite and Gmail running offline. Reliance on a wireless internet connection has been widely criticized as a drawback, but with how widespread free wifi and personal hotspots have become, I don't personally have an issue with that.If you're considering the Chromebook, it's important to understand that it is not intended to be a replacement for a full-size laptop (and certainly not a desktop computer). It's $250, and that's just not its purpose. I'm an art student who also works part-time in web development, frequently running Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, and Dreamweaver, so for all intents and purposes I'd be considered a "power user." I do not use the Chromebook for those tasks. I do use it for writing, internet browsing, and note-taking, and I can bring it along with me to school. So, if you're looking for extreme portability, good (though basic) functionality, and impressive battery life, this should be an excellent fit.
computer|There is a lot to talk about in relation to the Chromebook, and I think many people have done a fantastic job of reviewing what they love and don't love about the Chromebook. I will skip a lot of that - yes it's sleek, the keyboard is great and the screen is reasonable for personal use, but I wanted to share some of the things that currently do, and potentially would make this an ideal laptop for a lot of people. These are some minor things and some major things, in no particular order.For Chromebook information, compatible accessories and tutorials on installing Linux, head over to: whatthetech.info/samsungchromebook----------------------------Now you may be surprised (even horrified) to know that I sold my Macbook (5,1 - aluminum) to buy the Chromebook. Of course, I made a nice profit after trading in a $500 used laptop for a $250 new one, but many would consider this a huge downgrade. I did so for several reasons.1) I'm quite heavily invested in Google's ecosystem. I use Gmail, Google Docs, Google Calendars and almost every other app they offer in my day-to-day life. No I don't like their privacy policies, but the services they offer (for free I might add) are just amazing! The Google Drive free 100GB offer was also a huge draw, as I had just run out of dropbox space, and really don't feel like paying money for "storage" that I would only use part of.2) I realized that about 95% of the work I do is web-based. Seriously. I am a photographer by trade, and so I can never be entirely without a real computer, but apart from that all I do is blog, write articles, review products and browse the web. Having a hackintosh desktop means I can (and do) run any OS, and I can always do my real work there. I rarely (and I mean almost never) have to do work away from home, so this was not really an issue. Also I would say 95% of the places I hang out (home, caf&eacute;s, friend's places, even my church) have high-speed wi-fi. Being cloud-based, Google's OS is very limited without wifi. The good news is, there is support for playing media, managing files and certain apps offline, so if I don't have wi-fi or am not willing to pay for it (airports), it's not dead!3) The macbook was just not a great laptop to run Linux from. I tried multiple things, but for some reason it was just a pain. Support for the network card was spotty at best, the bluetooth would lag my mouse, the trackpad was difficult to work with. I just wasn't impressed. Now while there is no official support for Linux on the Chromebook, but some clever folks have already created a version of Ubuntu that can be run directly from an SD card (tutorial at the aforementioned link). I have two reasons for wanting to run linux; the first is to be able to use the Tor browser safely. The second is to have a safe environment in which to learn some Unix (yes I know OSX is based on it, but it's different). The chromebook is ideal for this because you can return to factory settings without too much hassle, and with much of your data being cloud-based, you simply sign in to a new installation and wait for a few small apps to download!Now there are a few limiting factors to the functionality. Here are some things I would like to see change/happen with the Chromebook and ChromeOS:1) Widgets. I'm going to start with the most controversial one, and that is the ability to run widgets. Now I'm not talking about some monstrous hardware monitoring widget that spans half the 11&#8243; screen (although I would be interested to see a few stats), but I wouldn't say no to a clock, Gmail monitor and perhaps a few other little helpful apps. In Ubuntu I have a few nice "applets" that don't take up much screen real estate or resources, but allow me to tweet, check the weather and get email previews without opening an app (per se, yes I know the apps are running in the background but you know what I mean!)2) The ability to rearrange the app launcher. Despite being able to reorder apps in the launchbar, it is not possible to rearrange apps in the app launcher window. They are arranged by date downloaded by default, however this leaves the stock apps at the top of the list/on the first page. At least the app launcher will open on the page last scrolled to (unless you restart), so I don't always have to scroll around for my most-used apps, but not being able to put my most-used apps first is a minor annoyance bordering on a real issue. *UPDATE* David left a comment on this review letting me know that this feature has been added to the dev channel for future release - this is great news!3) Simple scrolling with a mouse. I have been using laptops for about 15 years now, and I've never quite gotten used to only using a trackpad, so I like to travel with an Apple Mighty Mouse in my bag at all times. That said, when I hooked up my mouse (which was a very easy process), I noticed that despite being turned on, simple scrolling wasn't working. I tried a second mouse to be sure, and the issue was replicated, so I'm filing this as a bug and hoping Google can get a fix out. Aside from this minor issue I have found using a mouse (and the trackpad) to be a very nice experience!). *UPDATE* See bottom of review!4) Better page caching. Perhaps in an effort to save space from being used by the cache, if you leave a tab unclicked on for a short amount of time, you will have to reload it when you click on it again. Now granted, this is only a two-three second delay in accessing my information, but if you happen to be somewhere with a slow internet connection this can be a real pain. I am very glad for services such as "Read Later Fast" which allows you to save a webpage to read at your leisure (also this works in offline mode), but on the go the reloading of pages can be a little annoying. I have noticed that this doesn't happen all the time, and it doesn't happen with every web page. If anyone could offer some insight, I would be much obliged!5) More control in the file manager. When accessing the built-in file manager, you are immediately greeted with two sidebar folders: Google Drive and Downloads. Now I am very glad for my free 100GB storage, as well as the option to make files available while offline, however as someone who is particular about their file management system, the inability to place folders on the sidebar for easy access is a little frustrating. All I want is to be able to make an audiobook folder, an images folder and a folder for current word documents, and have them be quickly accessed...nothing too much to ask?6) Charging port. For goodness sake, this is about the worst design I have seen on a charger to date. Not only is the charging jack fragile, but it goes deep enough inside the laptop that a knock is going to bend it or worse! At first I thought that Apple had sole rights to chargers that maintained connection through magnetism, but it seems that Microsoft also successfully patented a similar design for their surface tablets, so I don't think it's outside the realms of possibility? Nothing has happened yet, but I keep having to look over at my excitable dog...just in case... :)OVERALLA portable, well-performing laptop who's limitations are easily fixed in future generations. I like ChromeOS, but I LOVE running Chrubuntu Linux on the device. I can easily use it for watching videos, listening to audiobooks and music, as well as blogging and word processing. The battery life is good, the screen is decent, and having USB 3.0 and HDMI are a real boon. I definitely recommend you give this a try - it's a cheap way to get a decent laptop, and you might just fall in love.Despite the pitfalls, the price and performance left me feeling that four stars would be just too harsh. I really do enjoy my Chromebook, both under ChromeOS and Chrubuntu, and on the plus side my wife no longer wants a more expensive macbook - she'll be getting a Chromebook soon!- Written on a Chromebook-------------------*UPDATE* - So I spoke to a "Chrome Ninja" (a.k.a. customer service rep) about this issue and got a very interesting response. The first email I received stated "The Simple scrolling feature is currently only available from the touchpad of the Chromebook. This is not a feature that will work with any USB devices." Feature? I would call having to switch the way you scroll an annoyance, not a feature. Perturbed, I didn't answer back. In a subsequent email (telling me they were marking it as closed), I voiced my opinion, saying "Does it mean (only) that it's not a feature right now, or that it will never be? I wouldn't even categorize it under "features" per se, I would consider this more of an OS shortcoming. Is there any way to report this as a bug?". A few minutes later, "Joe" replied: "This would actually be best described as a feature request." Again with the whole feature request thing. Joe was polite and attentive, but I strongly disagree with his statement. Not being able to mimic scrolling across multiple devices seems like a whole lot more than a "feature" I should request. I'm not going to request it - I'm sure they'll figure it out eventually.
computer|I'll start off by saying that I am a student at an engineering/tech school. I have a much stronger laptop (16 gb ram, 2.7 gHz i7 processor) for rendering and programming, with the only downside being it sucks up battery and is insanely heavy. I wanted a laptop that I could easily carry around to class or friend's rooms for writing reports or facebook browsing or simply having the resource of the internet available while doing homework (wolframalpha and chegg, to name a few). The Chromebook excels in everything I have asked of it. It boots instantly, the battery lasts longer than I ever need of it, it charges very fast (about 2 hours), and removes all the painful experiences related to other computers. When it is in my backpack it feels as if not even there. My other laptop has a 500gb drive, so I was at first skeptical about such a downgrade. But you really don't need much space and I doubt I'll ever bring this one to its full 16 gigs. I bought it at best buy for 250 and it was worth it in every way. I would not use it as one's only computer, but it is the perfect companion to a desktop or larger, less portable laptop. On average I now boot up my "real" laptop twice a week and use the Chromebook for everything else. As a side note, you get used to the small screen and start to enjoy it. I now feel like my 15.4" laptop is a movie theater screen compared to one's home TV. Overall, this was a great investment to make internet browsing and light document edition a painless experience.
computer|I purchased this for my husband because basically all he needs from a computer is to browse the internet and type documents. I am the one that would solve all the issues with our Windows computers and figured at least I wouldn't have to leave what I was doing every time he had a problem on the PC. Also, I had already decided to switch from Sugarsync to Google Drive to back up all of my files online, mainly because I can watch my home videos directly from the cloud which I couldn't do with Sugarsync. So, the 100 GBs of free storage that comes with Chromebook basically almost cut the price in half for me (a $120 discount considering the current $5 monthly price for that storage). Now, I have found myself using this thing every chance I get when my husband is not.I have an Android tablet that is great for some things, but I love having a real keyboard for writing and communication.It is really terrific for 95% of our needs, although for now a PC is still necessary for certain software. But personally, I'm fully behind Google Apps as a replacement for Microsoft Office programs. In any case, I don't see why any family needs more than one full OS desktop, be it Mac or Windows, that can be shared by all. Chromebooks are so inexpensive,every family member can have one for personal use.
computer|If you are considering a Chromebook, make sure you know EXACTLY what you are looking for in a device. If you are looking for something that can play high-end games and run Photoshop, you are looking at the wrong thing.If you need a great second computer that is very portable, runs cool, has great battery life, is lightweight, is easy to type on, has a decent display, and is inexpensive...and you will be using it mostly for web-based applications, this is EXACTLY what you need.That is what I was looking for. I was pricing out much more expensive laptops when I realized that 90% of what I do on a computer is inside of my Chrome web browser already. Why would I ever need a $700+ laptop for that...or for that matter, my $2000 custom home PC?Just then I realized that what I really needed is a netbook...but when I think of a Netbook, I think of something like the EeePC. Too small, too slow, running either Ubuntu acceptably or Windows horribly.This is not that. This is what the Netbook platform should have always been. It boots incredibly quickly. Really, incredibly quickly. Sometimes I turn it off and back on just for fun. This is in part due to the fact that it has an SSD Drive as opposed to a platter drive (like the Acer version). With the Series 3 Chromebook, There are no moving parts, meaning there is less parts that can break, generate heat, or consume electricity.The 16GB drive may seem small, but there is a USB 3.0, USB 2.0, and SD Card slot for extra storage. Additionally, the device comes with 100GB of Google Drive service free for two years. It does not have an Ethernet port (I have heard some reviews say it comes with a USB adapter but that was not the case for me...though I did buy mine open-box), but the onboard WiFi supports 802.11a/b/g/n, which is just about everywhere now anyway.The chiclet keys are a joy to type on...this is not your dad's netbook. I type upwards of 100WPM (accurately) and I find this to be a very comfortable keyboard. Moreso than my Lenovo T520 work laptop. I do kind of miss having a 'Delete' key, but Alt+Backspace functions to replace this. There is also (thankfully) no Caps Lock key. I really hope this becomes the norm. If it is needed, Alt+Search functions as a Caps Lock. View it as the Alt key being like a safety on a loaded gun, and think before you scream on the interwebs.The screen is a bit dull, but completely usable. This helps contribute to the amazing battery life.My Windows computers are accessible using an add-on in the Web Store called "Chrome Remote Desktop", which allows you to access any other computer which has both Chrome and this Add-on installed and logged in to your Google account (my understanding is that this is cross-platform, Windows, Linux, MacOS, etc...I have only done this with XP and Win7, however). I also have found that more advanced users will be able to use ChromeRDP when ChromeOS R25 comes out, which is a more feature-filled version that uses genuine RDP. With these add-ons, I am able to run Windows applications on my computer at home, for when cloud-based equivalents either don't exist or aren't up-to-par.And yes, it DOES play Cut-The-Rope and Angry Birds.In summary, ignore the naysayers in the reviews all over the web. People who are giving this thing negative reviews or returning them at your local big box (where my girlfriend found mine in time for Christmas, as an open-box buy) were likely expecting much more or comparing it to real laptops, which is really an apples-and-oranges comparison. Know what you are looking for and what you need in a laptop. Think about what you expect to use the device for and, if like me you realize that you are going to be using it almost entirely for web browsing, the Chromebook is a great option at a great price. And if you feel like you have Windows Apps that you absolutely must have, install Chrome Remote Desktop from the Chrome Web Store on your Home PC, then go to work or a friends house and try to access your PC. It's incredibly easy and relatively quick, and with Chrome RDP (hopefully) gaining compatibility in R25, the experience may even be better.
computer|Some reviewers are correct stating that this device lacks some "features" common to traditional Windows laptops. For the record, this Chromebook lacks:* Bloatware -- unnecessary software loaded by the manufacturer* Nag Screens constantly alarming you about the need to update this or that.* Browser bars that get mysteriously added to your browser that are next to impossible to remove.* Viruses and anti-virus software* Long load and shutdown times* Power sucking and performance robbing hard drives* Noisy fans and heat* Short battery life* Windows and function keys that just serve to take up space from other actually useful keys.Sure, you can't install Microsoft Excel on this thing, but it's a great trade. I'd take the Chromebook any day.Gripes: Needs Netflix fix and better video support in general. Bluetooth stereo speaker support would be a bonus too.
computer|After my Android tablet liberated me from the rigid confines of my my desk by allowing me to surf the web and check email while on the couch or in bed, far from my desktop computer, I longed for even more freedom. I spend most of my computer time doing various word processing activities, and for that my very nice tablet is no reasonable substitute for a desktop computer. This Chromebook however, is perfect. It's inexpensive, lightweight, simple, and ready to use right out of the box.Because it's lightweight and doesn't get hot, it's very comfortable to sit with a Chromebook actually on your lap--something I haven't found to be true with other laptops. The plastic cover looks almost as good as the heavier casings on more expensive laptops, but it is easy to scratch so be careful. I'll review two aspects of the Chromebook--its functionality for word processing and its use as a back-and-forth to school computer for students.For word processing: I hadn't used Google Docs much before I got the Chromebook, but it's a fine substitute for Word--the only thing I really miss from Word is the ability to get synonyms with just a right click. I still use Word on my desktop computer, but since Google Docs can turn Word documents into Google Doc documents and visa versa it's possible to go back and forth between Word on my regular computer and Google Docs on my Chromebook very easily. I assumed I would end up wanting to get a bluetooth mouse, especially for the many times that I have to cut and paste while writing, but the trackpad is completely simple to use for this and for everything a mouse does so I haven't bothered. The keyboard keys are nicely spaced, not crowded. One thing I especially love about word processing on the Chromebook is that since it boots up and is ready to go so quickly I can grab a few minutes here and there to write--times that would be impractical on my desktop with its longer come to life time. Also with the Chromebook it's possible to write anywhere, including places without an internet connection since Google Docs can be used off-line.For students: The students I see in my tutoring business have been very taken with the Chromebook, and after trying mine at least one of my students will be getting her own for Christmas. Her parents had been planning on getting her an iPad, but the Chromebook is both less expensive and more functional. Without buying any extra software students can research, write and print reports, essays or homework on it, and many of my students have already started using Google Docs instead of Word because it allows for collaboration when they are doing group projects. Most young people are comfortable storing things in the cloud or moving things off and on flash drives so the small amount of storage isn't an issue for them , and the Chromebook's light weight is a real plus considering how heavy their backpacks can be. The Chrome Store has a lot of apps, always an enticement, and most of them free. Then there is the cool factor--the Chromebook looks good, and who doesn't appreciate that in an electronic device?I'm not ready to give up my desktop computer, with its large amount of storage and ability to add software, but as a second computer I could not be happier with my Chromebook. Being able to use the Chromebook to write while sitting on my couch in front of the fireplace is heaven.
computer|I bought an original Intel Atom-powered Samsung Series 5 wifi for over $500. I loved the concept but not the price.This time I got an ARM powered, fanless (no more "hot lap"), noiseless, bloatware-free, device. It also includes a Verizon-powered data plan and 100 GB of Google Drive Space Free for 2 years all for $329. Not to mention how good looking the device is. People weren't joking when they compared it to the Macbook Air, it looks like the Air and is just about the same size.Chromebooks are called "secondary" devices and that's how it started for me but over the last year and a half, it has turned into my primary device. Now that I have 3G as an option, I take it with me anywhere I go. My phone and tablet are great for browsing, media, and games but sometimes I just need a device with a keyboard and great battery life to get some work done.I can no longer justify paying $1000 for Macbook Airs every year or two with devices like this out there. The chromebook wins over the Mac Air on the contract-free, pay-as-you-go 3G alone (and it costs $670 less... I can't get over this).
computer|I am a college student, and this has been the best investment that I have made in my almost 4 years in school. I use my chromebook to view notes that professors post as well as to take notes of my own in google docs. I also use it for web assignments and to browse the internet. I have personally used multiple computers running windows as well as macbooks and this is by far the best computer I have had for these purposes so far. Although it is not a very customizable/powerful computer it gets the job done for these purposes. I can shut my computer down in between every class because the boot time for me is less than 7 seconds! It took me about an hour to get used to google docs and after that I was in love with it.The computer is so fast and the hardware (keyboard, ports, touchpad, etc) are also excellent. The touchpad is every bit as good as an apple touchpad and the keyboard is nearly there. Although the screen is small, I love it because the computer fits on my desk easily in class and I can also have a notebook or notes packet along with it After using this product for about a week, I could not be happier and could not think of anything that I did not like about it.Also, I find that I regularly get 7 hours of battery life taking notes, browsing, etc.Like the title says, best electronic purchase of the year - and its cheap! Also, Amazon and google both have great customer service that have helped me with my chromebook. My advice is that if you only browse the internet and mildly use &#34;word&#34; and &#34;excel&#34; documents, there is no reason to blow $1000 on a mac when you can do the same things on here - only faster!
computer|Chromebooks are a new concept in personal computers and it's important that you're aware this isn't a "normal" computer. However, if what you need to do is limited to working in a web browser and you want a high-value computer (inexpensive), these are superb for a number of reasons: - On a windows/mac laptop if you lose it you're almost certainly losing some data/customization. With a chromebook you can buy a new one, login and you're back to normal. You could easily mix up your and your kid's chromebook and not notice with the exception of stickers. - You need not manage software. I'm a software engineer and it drives me nuts having to apply updates and patches and troubleshoot why I can't delete files in windows, etc. These problems are just not there on a chromebook. - Guest computer. Not something I thought I'd care about, but it's really nice to be able to hand this to someone visiting. It's on your network and they can login with their own account or use the guest mode. A friend of mine was really amazed when his various chrome plugins and bookmarks appeared.On the downside: - Chromebooks are not extremely fast. However, the battery life is excellent and it's quite inexpensive which make up for it. Perhaps if they are popular enough faster versions will emerge. I have no problem playing YouTube in full screen, but compared to my primary computer (a high eng macbook pro; over 10x the price) it feels somewhat sluggish. - There are specific things you expect a computer to do which won't work, or which will need some special hardware or effort. For example: - Printing. You _can_ print, but will need a "cloud-ready" printer which you probably don't have OR will need to print via another computer which has cloud-print software setup. - Legacy software. You can't use any software that you'd install from media. Basically anything that this computer will do needs to be in the operating system (chromeos, which will improve over time), or software which is implemented as a web application. The capabilities of this kind of software is improving as well but you're not going to be able to run things like quicken, word, photoshop, etc. You can likely find web-variants of this kind of software but it will be different and likely more limited than what you're used to -- at least for awhile.I've also owned an earlier Chromebook, the cr-48 and while the "matte black" finish of that unit had it's charm, the Samsung is superior in every way that matters.In summary: If you understand the limitations and benefits of this model you'll be extremely pleased with ChromeOS and the Samsung chromebook.
computer|I really wanted to like this laptop. We needed a second laptop for the family to use for checking email, surfing the web and watching the occasional video online. The Chromebook seemed like a good fit at first. It's inexpensive and the hardware, especially the keyboard, is quite good for the price. Unfortunately, the OS is really not ready yet and Google's support is lacking. Here's a quick list of the issues we've had:- On several occasions, we haven't been able to login, and cannot do anything with the laptop.- It will not play anything from Netflix. There is a message that says Netflix and Google are working together for a fix, but the message hasn't change for over a month and no updates have been made available.- It keeps resetting my settings and options, which is a problem since these changes carry over to my desktop. The advantage of Chrome OS is that things are shared between devices. The disadvantage is that means errors are also shared.- The AC adapter is VERY fragile. When we tried to buy a new one from Google, [...]says that it's "not for sale at this time". We have not yet found a place to buy a new adapter.When faced with problems like those above, support is non-existent. Going to support on the official Chromebook page brings you to a Google Group with over 10,000 unanswered questions. We attempted to call Google and were told we needed to call Samsung. When we called Samsung, they said we needed to call Google.Simply put, I can't recommend this device to anybody. I really hope they fix the issues, because this has the potential to be great, but at the moment it is not worth the headaches.UPDATE: I've dropped this down to a one star. Many of the issues that were supposed to be fixed in "future updates" have not been fixed. The charger is now broken, due to the incredibly fragile tip, and the replacement is still not available through Google. We ordered a charger direct from Samsung, but they sent the charger for the 550, twice. We ordered a third party charger off of eBay, but it only works from time to time.Simply put, if Apple, Dell, Microsoft, or any other tech company put out a product with these issues, it would have a 2 star rating. I appreciate that Google is trying something new; maybe in a year or two it will be better. I've spent 20% of the initial cost of the laptop on chargers that don't work and from looking in forums it seems to be fairly common.
computer|So, the chromebook pixel came out today, and honestly I don't get it. Unless Google has something crazy planned for I/O in May, the Samsung series 3 is what you want. This value proposition is unbeatable. You're getting a shockingly high quality laptop for 250 dollars.BuildIt looks absolutely excellent. Many reviews rave about it's lightness, and I was somewhat worried it would feel too light, to the extent of feeling cheap. It's almost perfect.KeyboardSome will love this keyboard, I think it doesn't have quite enough resistance, but it's nice enough and gets the job done. I'm a little spoiled coming from a mechanical keyboard.TrackpadBig enough, quality enough, responsive and has good two finger scrolling. A little loud on clicks, but if that's an issue, you may just become a tapper and not a clicker.DisplayFrom reading the reviews I thought the display would be horrible. In reality I think it's quite excellent. I prefer a matte display, and this one is a perfectly fine matte display with enough brightness and enough viewing angles.Battery lifeOne of the prime selling points of this device, and for me almost any other. The battery life on this computer is superb. Much better than my nexus 7, much more capable too. Even with decent brightness, it seems like this thing lasts forever compared to my windows 8 upgraded pc.What it boils down to is, what are you looking for? Honestly, when was the last time you were on a PC and not connected to the internet? What applications do you use that aren't available online? Have you tried experimenting with chrome webapps to see if there is an adequate alternative out there to your favorite offline application? I've found that everything I need and more is available as a webapp and have been impressed with the level of capability available online for free. It's truly amazing. I highly recommend this product as well as the chrome OS. Very impressed.
computer|First of all, I really appreciate all the reviewers who shared their experience. Both positive and negative reviews provided great insights into an exciting new product with some unknowns. I received the 3G version of Samsung Chromebook 11.6" from Amazon a few days ago, and my experience so far has been very positive. I'll focus on less-discussed topics, i.e. Language inputs, Verizon 3G, Bluetooth, USB ports, and useful Apps for Chromebook.Language - I write documents in English and Japanese, so the ability to input and switch between the two is very important to me. I'm very pleased with Chrome OS in this regard for two reasons. First, it's easy to add and configure multiple languages and input methods. Go to Settings, add a language, and select input methods. There appear to be more than 50 language options available. Second, it's a one-click operation (press Shift-Alt) to switch between languages. The Japanese fonts are limited at the moment, but for now, I'm very happy with this.Verizon 3G - Since this is a cloud device and my mobile workstation, the ability to connect both WLAN and WWAN is important to me. I paid the extra $80 upfront (price difference between 3G and non-3G versions at Amazon) for the WWAN capability and 100MB/mo for 2 years included. Activating the Verizon 3G was easy and took about 3 minutes. I was connected immediately at a reasonable 2.4 Mbps download, 0.8 Mbps upload speed, measured by Speakeasy, San Francisco hub. 3G is not supposed to be used when I'm connected to both WiFi and 3G, so in theory I should be able to conserve my 100MB quota while I'm on Wifi. However, as expected, 3G was used even when Wifi was available. Wifi connection sometimes fails or takes a moment to connect/reconnect, especially waking from sleep mode. When that happens, 3G mode kicks in immediately, eating into the allotted quota. To avoid this, disable 3G while using Wifi, and enable 3G only when needed. Enabling/disabling 3G or Wifi is a simple three-click operation.USB ports - I plugged in a USB mouse (MS 4000), and it worked without any noticeable delay. That was actually a pleasant surprise because I'm used to the Windows behavior that normally takes a few moments of checking and installing drivers. I did not see such delay in Chromebook, that's nice. I also connected my USB drive (WD 300GB) and it worked fine. A folder window popped up with all the content displayed. Both USB and USB 3.0 ports worked just the same.Bluetooth - I tried my Bluetooth mouse (MS 5000). Unlike USB mouse, I had to go into Settings and configure Bluetooth in order to make it work. Chrome Settings is a one-stop shop for all configurations, so once you get used to it, it doesn't feel like a chore to make changes, unlike Windows . . .Once enabled and paired a device, the mouse worked fine. However, whenever I turn off my BT mouse or put Chromebook in sleep mode, I have to wait for the mouse to reconnect, which takes about 5 seconds. The USB mouse does not have such delay. My understanding is that this Chromebook does not work with Bluetooth audio devices yet.Useful Apps for Chromebook - Over the past few years, I gradually transitioned from using MS Word/Excel/Powerpoint to OpenOffice Writer/Calc/Impress, and now to Google Docs/Sheets/Slides. There are increasingly many useful apps, in particular I like LucidChart for diagramming, Pixlr Editor for image editing, and shiftEdit for coding in Perl, PHP, and Javascript.Chrome Remote Desktop is a very useful tool for Chromebook, works like VNC or pcAnywhere. The response is fast, display is clear, it almost feels like I'm actually sitting in front of my main PC. It was very nice to be able to access Quickbooks, Outlook, and local files that I did not upload, while sitting in a cafe.Speech Recognizer is a voice dictation app. It makes use of Google Chrome Speech API, wrapped in a simple Google Search-like interface. The Chromebook's built-in microphone works very well for me. I tried both English (USA) and Japanese to dictate, and the recognition accuracy was excellent.As many of you discovered, the Chromebook is not for everyone. But soon it will find its users and become indispensable for people like me.
computer|For $250 I got a thin, light weight laptop with a real keyboard with a full featured browser. This Chromebook is quicker and has smoother video playback than the original Samsung Chromebook, which I bought a year and a half ago. Granted if you are a gamer thus requiring high performance graphics this is not a laptop for you. But if all you do is surf the web (email, news, Facebook) and stream video the Chromebook is perfect. Plus, with Google docs you can do most of the common Microsoft Office tasks. For about two years now I have used Google docs exclusivity for all my office needs. Also, if you need to share what you are working on with someone using Office, you can export and import from Office to Google docs. The best part is Google docs is free... with Microsoft you have to play for Office, Windows, plus the cost of a more expensive computer, which will be outdated in 3 years. Again for $250 you can not beat this. Finally, you get 100GB of Google drive storage for free for two years (a value of $5 / month).
computer|I ordered this via my wife's account, so I don't show up as a Verified user. Received it after about 10 days of wait.I love this machine as a pick-it-up-and-browse from anywhere in the house machine. I'm a heavy user of the google ecosystem, and that only adds to the usability of this little chromebook. For someone like me who uses a lot of web based products, or content (Google docs, Evernote, picasa, news sites, youtube, Google Maps, wikipedia, Wolfram Alpha...), all you need is a machine that has a good browser. And this one has the ultra-fast and nimble Chrome. Since I already use Chrome as the default browser from my Linux, Windows and Mac machines... and even from my Android phone, chromebook use feels like a very familiar environment.Tablets have their use, but for me, they are not ideal for extended news reading, or watching a video, for example. One has to hold them by hand. This chromebook can be set on a pillow, or on the lap comfortably. I'm writing this review from the chromebook, and I've been using this thing for the last 2 hours and it is barely warm to the touch.Redeeming 100gb of Google Drive space offer is simple. Just launch the google drive icon and you will be prompted to redeem the offer. Once you claim the 100gb, the next owner of the chromebook will not get the 100gb. Also, google claims that if you return the chromebook, the 100gb of space will be revoked.I easily changed the touchpad settings to mimic the MacBook air type swiping action. All my chrome bookmarks got imported into the chromebook right away.We have a MacBook Air at home, along with two windows based laptops and a few desktop machines. I already am using this machine for all of my in-home mobile use. This is a great sidekick for most of my non work related stuff. However, I do use Microsoft Office apps for certain things, as also some multimedia software as a hobby. And for those, I still definitely need my dual monitor desktop, with all the extra pixels to enhance productivity. For all my research and work needs, a fully fledged laptop or a dual monitor desktop is indispensable; This chromebook just fills a different, but very important need and it does it admirably well.Looks good. Is sturdy to hold. Reasonable sound quality. Not a chromebook problem, but Spotify doesn't work on ChromeOS, since it is not a web/cloud based app. Amazon cloud player works flawlessly... (even better sounding with headphones). No Netflix support yet on this Chromebook, though I suspect that support will come soon.UPDATE Nov 4:After two days of use, I still have extremely positive feedback about this machine. Outside my home office, this is now my goto machine. I'm barely using my tablets now.I quickly needed to figure out two things: CAPS Lock and Page Up and Page Down operations, since the keyboard does not have dedicated keys for these. Instead of a CAPS lock key, the chromebook has a "Search" key at that location. To activate CAPS lock, one has to press &lt;Alt>&lt;Search> keys. To deactivate, pressing either &lt;Alt> or &lt;Shift> keys will suffice. For Page Up/down actions, press &lt;Alt>&lt;Up-arrow-key> or &lt;Alt>&lt;Down-arrow-key>.Search for "chromeos shortcuts" on google, and one of the top pages will be a nicely laid out Google help page with a number of shortcuts.Another point of interest: Multiple usersBy default, Chromebook will allow anyone with a gmail address to login, though the very first gmail address that logs in will become the "owner". Any user that logs in to the Chromebook, can use the Google offline storage drive. This will not conflict with other users. Chromebook also allows a simple "Guest login". Someone who logs into the chromebook can login as a guest using his or her google id. They can browse the net, check their email, etc, but will not be able to use their google drive in offline mode.Now, the "owner" can also limit which "users" are permitted to use the chromebook, by typing in a "whitelist" of google ids in a Settings field. I setup my chromebook to allow my family members to login as regular users. This way, they can access their google drive space in offline mode as well. Any visitors to our house who want to borrow the machine for a bit can login in the Guest mode.I tried Google Hangout yesterday. Works very well. There was one point where the person on the other send thought I muted my microphone, while I did not. We could not reproduce that scenario again. I also turned off my Wirelss router and tried to login to the chromebook. I was successful. I could access offline files, and modify them. I was also able to create an Google Doc in the offline mode. Once I turned on my Wireless router, my offline changes immediately got synced to the Cloud Google drive storage. I checked this from another PC right after I switched on the WiFi router. All this is what I expected, but I wanted to make sure that it works that way. I'm happy it did. This machine is going to be a keeper.Yes, the screen quality is not as awesome as that of the MacBook Air. But, it is quite adequate for the purposes I mentioned and I'm really enjoying the experience so far.&lt;Ctrl>&lt;Shift>&lt;L> quickly locks the screen if you need to leave your chromebook in a hurry. Any other user who chances upon the machine while locked has the option to "Sign out", unless they know your password (of course). Once they sign-out, they can login to the chromebook either as a guest, or as a google user if the owner has not restricted users via the whitelist procedure I mentioned previously. This is good, simple and secure for my purposes.
computer|I think I set my expectations too high. I was looking for a 1-to-1 device that would compete well against $500.00 devices.Pros:1. Cost $250.00 is getting close to consumable pricing.2. Works great with googles suit of online apps.3. Looks Nice4. Lots of free Apps5. Boots fast.Cons:1. Buggy? (Crashed right out of the box when I tried to use the camera app. After updating the OS it started but crashed. After Reboot..it has not crashed.)2. Cheap Feeling, Looks nice but feels cheap. I predict port covers failing.3. Power Adapter looks like a failure waiting to happen. Long and slim, lots of leverage for breaking off the connector on the motherboard. Education Customers will go through a lot of these if using for one-to-one.4. Sluggish. Boots Fast..but many apps feel very sluggish. Even Angry Birds.While cheap was a pro, I believe you get what you pay for.I don't know what market this belongs in?I hoped that it would be good in a school environment. Its complexity and inconstancy, and bugginess would frustrate any non-technology savvy teacher. I think its durability would be truly in question. Probably about the same as netbooks. Perhaps a little worse because they have valued thinness and have used materials that don't seem up to the job. We'll see.Before you buy one, if you want to really feel the user experience, install chrome on a 6 year old computer and only use Chrome...nothing else...except for the boot time, it will feel about the same.If my view changes after a long term test I will update this review.
computer|As I am typing this review with this product I can say that I absolutely love it! It is absolutely perfect for my needs. I'm not a &#34;tech geek&#34; or anything but I definitely appreciate being able to have a laptop which is extremely lightweight and so easy to bring with me just about everywhere. As a college student, this compact device is better than having a tablet as it is compatible with certain programs which the tablet I have is not. It is just as convenient, but more useful to me.I love how simple and quick everything is. Start up is within seconds, no loading screens, no nonsense. Log in and go. Also, shutting down is only seconds as well. My previous laptop had issues with shutdown and I couldn't close the screen until it was completely shut down or else it would interrupt the process. That usually took a few minutes. With the Chromebook, it's click, shut, and go. And shutting down rather than just closing saves battery life, even though that really is not an issue. While being used, it's currently calculating I have 90% battery left which adds up to 7 hours and 12 minutes. This is just great!With the exception of getting used to the placement of the keys on the keyboard (slightly different from a standard keyboard) I really enjoy how quiet typing is. I can sit and work on emails or papers in the library or at night without disturbing anyone because the keys aren't making a loud ticking noise as I am typing.Another feature, which was a huge selling point as I have had issues in the past, is the lack of fan and moving parts. It is very frustrating to have a laptop which can't be placed in your lap because it gets too hot. This laptop is always cool, which the exception of one spot which is barely lukewarm.Getting use to the smaller screen and type was an adjustment at first, but there is a setting feature which allows you to enlarge the type on a page without having to zoom into the screen which I like.Essentially, the Chromebook is great! It takes a little bit of getting used to but the adjustment only takes a short time. I'm sure there are some other things I haven't discovered and I haven't had a chance to get a good look through all of the apps available. The only small complaint that I have is the inability to stream on Netflix. I guess it's not compatible with the OS yet but they're working on it. But it's only a small complaint because I can use my tablet to watch Netflix and in that case I'm able to work on the laptop while watching movies and shows considering both of them are small and don't take up too much space.Overall, I am very happy with my new &#34;toy.&#34; I've been bringing it with me everywhere I go!
computer|Got mine last week from Amazon. It took some adjustment to the idea of no installed software only web stuff. I keep wanting to install virus/spyware, but it apparently is not needed. I like Firefox a lot, but are limited to Chrome. I like it, and for $250 it is a deal. If you live on the on the web, it is almost perfect. If you are hip-deep with Google,it is your device. Bluetooth mouse is handy. Battery life is decent, and while I have read negative things about the screen, seems OK to me. I have no idea what is under the hood. I've been using Belarc for years to find details about my computer, but you can't install software aside for the apps via Chome. It is already soldout for this salvo, so many find it a steal. Buy one and enjoy no heat, no fan, little weight --
computer|Have been using it for few weeks now and like everything about it except for couple of minor issues1) Right-Clicking by using 2 fingers on trackpad sucks. Bad design2) Light sensor is faulty. As a result auto-screen-brightness doesnt work properly and there is no option to disable this feature. I eneded up putting a sticker (sensor is next to the webcam). Ugly hack but it works :)BTW I love the fanless design. No moving parts, no noise, and you can actually put this laptop on your laps without burning your family jewels-------- Update 11/12/2012 ------------I accidently dropped it on the wood floor. And it is still working. Tough little guy, I say :)
computer|BY every other computer company out there.Let me lay this out for you. I'm a college student, and my macbook of 5+ years is dying on me. Since I'm a poor little college student, I wanted to do my research. Unfortunately, when it comes to computers, people are extremely biased, so it's hard. This is my experience:Apple: Overpriced. You are not paying for the hardware, you're paying for the operating system (which I love, with its simple interface). Because it's Apple, simple things that every other computer has needs an adapter to fit in the "exclusively apple" port. You're paying for a high def screen and a heavy body, but you won't get viruses.PC: Stuck with Windows 8, sorry. This was why I was so upset in the computer buying process. I wanted to get away from apple, but it seemed like I had no other choice, because Windows 8 is just stupid. They fixed something that didn't need to be fixed, and now they have an overly complicated OS, but with bright colors to draw people in. However, something you get with a PC, as you up the price, the hardware gets better, you can have a terabyte hard drive, and like 16 gb of RAM. There are loads of add-ons and you can do pretty much whatever you want. There is a virus risk, however.Linux: As I've stated before, I like simple operating systems. Though Linux allows me to do what I want, I wanted it to all be figured out for me, so I skipped this step.CHROME: I bought the chromebook in the mindset that I could return it within 30 days if it didn't wow me. If this were the case, I'd reluctantly buy another macbook. For $250 with no add ons (no need to buy Microsoft Office, Norton Anti-virus, etc) I figured it was worth a shot. For only having 1.7 gHz and 2 gb of RAM, this bad boy does the trick. I can watch movies online while writing a paper and looking over my teacher's powerpoint presentations. You can't hear the computer running, nor does it heat up. I was worried about only getting 16 gb of storage, but really, I have over 100 gb just from google, not to mention the zillions of other sites that offer storage. The chromebook is compatible with all of my online homework places like BlackBoard and Desire2Learn, and textbook homework sites, like mystatlab.com or owl.cengage.com. So far, the only things that it doesn't have are: Skype, and Netflix. Netflix has silverlight and won't work with Chrome OS. Skype, on the other hand, I didn't care too much about, since everyone I know who has Skype, ALSO uses google hangouts. There are offline applications that I NEVER use. The big "con" about the chromebook is that everything has to be done online, connected to wifi, but really, when do you take your laptop somewhere, without planning on connecting to wifi? So far, the only thing that has bothered me is that there is no capslock, but then again, I probably shouldn't be shouting anyways. For $250, the hardware isn't nearly as clunky and crappy as I thought it would be. The keyboard and the trackpad work fine, there are ports for anything I really need, the speakers are fine, the display is fine. My phone (the galaxy s iii) costs $600 total. Yet this COMPUTER, one that actually does the trick, BETTER than the macbook I have had for 5+ years, was only $250?If you're wondering if a chromebook would be right for you, whether or not it's compatible with everything you're used to, whether or not the hardware lives up, just buy it. It's $250, you can return it in 30 days if you don't like it. Try it out before you waste your money elsewhere.
computer|my wife has a macbook air which set me back over a grand. i could not pay that much again but i also wanted a light and easy to use machine for myself. i also wanted it to be very thin with a solid state HD. well, this thing is awesome and all for $250. the only concern i had was if i could use it offline. when i realized that i could, i was thrilled.for 90% of what i do on my notebook, it does for little money PLUS takes up little space in my bag PLUS is light weight.I've used it for three hours and I already am used to it fully.can you tell im very happy :)
computer|I hunted for this Chromebook at Bestbuys all over Texas and finally managed to get my hands on one.First ImpressionsAs I opened my Chromebook up for the first time I was pleasantly surprised by the well laid out keyboard. The spacing of the keys is a nice touch and reminds me greatly of a Macbook. Once I pressed the power button I was greeted with the login screen in under 10 seconds which is quite astounding. I could get on the internet within seconds of powering on the Chromebook and came with about 50% charge straight out of the box.SoftwareThe Chrome OS is basically the Chrome browser on any computer with a few slapped on features to actually make it a functioning OS. It has the standard WiFi settings and Bluetooth enable feature of most laptops and other than that the OS is pretty restricted. It has apps which can be downloaded from the Chrome web store, but the portfolio is quite small. It has an even thinner offline apps portfolio. The Chromebooks truly shine when they are connected to the internet and without it are very limited in capabilities. Google Docs typed while offline conveniently sync to the Google ecosystem the next time the internet is accessed. It comes with built-in virus protection, but I remain skeptical of the prominence of the feature as for how long can it keep up with the times.DesignThe Chromebook comes with 1 USB 2.0 port, 1 USB 3.0 port(which is greatly welcomes for the price), 1 HDMI port, a headphone/mic port, and an SD card slot. It comes with 16GB of SSD storage and 100GB of Google Drive online storage. The Chromebook resides as fan less due to the processor being one that typically resides within tablets and smartphones. It uses the all new dual-core Samsung Exynos 5250 which is based on the all new A-15 ARM architecture, but do not be fooled by its two measly cores because it can wipe the floor with all current gen quad-core tablet and smartphone processors. The processor was mainly designed with smartphones and tablets in mind and is extremely power efficient which is prominent in the battery life. Those less tech savvy could easily mistake the device for a Macbook when they haven't seen the lid. The camera on the device for video chat is not HD, but does get the job done. The Caps Lock key is gone and replaced by the Apps Drawer button button which quickly allows one to access all of their apps. Although, this key can easily be remapped back into it's original state as the Caps Lock key. I personally have favored the Apps Drawer button for quick access to all my apps. The device is extremely thin in nature, but is only allowed to be so by the hinge which protrudes from the top. The device is light and can easily be carried with one hand. The screen picture is decent at best and the screen does not get too bright. The speakers are sadly at the edge of the Chromebook underneath and can easily be muffled.Battery LifeWhile on the go I have managed to achieve 6-7 hours of battery life. To my surprise I found out that it only used a 2-cell battery. To those unaware, a typical Windows laptop utilizes a 6-9 cell and strains to reach such a feat that the Chromebook has achieved. The Chromebook has gotten quite hot on me as I used video services such as Netflix and Amazon Instant Video while charging the device, but this was to be expected.PerformanceWhile using the Chrome browser I have noticed that it does stutter while over 8 tabs are open due to its low 2GB of ram. This was to be expected and I do not suggest keeping other tabs open while doing anything that utilizes the flash player such as video streaming. Other than that there is not much to say as the entire Chrome OS centralizes itself around the Chrome web browser. It connects pretty quickly to my WiFi network as soon as I open it. While on the go I use my phone as a mobile hotspot which allows me to use the Chromebook practically everywhere so I am always connected to the internet and never hinders the constricted Chrome OS.Final ThoughtsIt is a great 2nd computer and for those that only need to use the web browser and type up documents. It has helped me complete assignments while away from hope and is a great on the go computer. That said, the Chromebook is also extremely limited on its capabilities while it is not connected to the internet. For a quick preview into the Chrome OS, open up the Chrome web browser and ask yourself, can you live solely within the browser and a few offline apps? In my opinion, for the price, it can't be beat.
computer|The review of many products is misguided and off base because of a lack of understanding as to what the review should be. If your buying an SUV you want to know how well the car performs carrying, cargo and maybe off road functions; you do not care about zero to sixty times or the like. Its a classic mistake. Same for the Samsung Chromebook. I bought one and love it...because it does what I expected and needed. I do not care that its not good at large files, or spreadsheets, or playing movies or games. I wanted a light weight, simple, easy to use, device that would let me search web news sites, look up information, and read email. And do it all with no complex BS. The Chromebook does all those things and very well. If you want a machine that is just a delight to use for simple things, this is it. Get one and enjoy. Oh, and please don't review it as if it was a $2,000 PC. This thing is simply wonderful for the simple needs and us simple people.
computer|I got this because the add on's appeared to make it a value. And I like Chrome. We travel a fair bit and most of our travel needs can be handled by this machine. When I got it, I found it was like other reviewers had mentioned. Up and running in less than 2 minutes with a 75% charge even though they say its not charged.I was disappointed when I could not get Amazon Prime unlimited videos on it, then with a little searching it appeared to be an Amazon issue, not Chrome. Today it is fixed for me and everything works. If you use Gogo inflight and google drive, then the price to you will be about $20 to buy this device. I just got back from a trip to DC and the 1 segment price for gogo at a value price was $10 for 3 hours. I was on my 11" mac air. This device appears to come with 12 GoGo passes to be used before 2015 (12 x $10=$120). It also comes with 100 gb of Google drive. Google drive is $5 a month for 100 GB of storage. So if you put the 12 GoGo passes ($120) and two years of google drive 100 gb a month ($120) that makes this machine cost $20. You can do the math for yourself if you do not think you will use either google drive or gogo. After using my mac air for 2.5 hours, and now using this machine to write this review, the feel is similar. I like it. YMMV.
computer|I've had this Chromebook for about 2-3 weeks now and so far it's been working out pretty great for me. I am pretty experience with computers, so I like to think I know what I am talking about, and this has been working excellently for me.I, myself, have a pretty powerful laptop,but it is also really huge, which i did not realize when I first bought it, but I quickly got tired of the size. I got this Chromebook to use in the times that I don't need a high power laptop and would rather use something more small and convenient and this is great. I also had bought a tablet in the past to try and this is a million times better.Pros:Starts very quicklyWakes from sleep quicklyConnects to wifi fairly quickly, and auto reloads your pages if you tried to go to one before it connected100GB free google drive for 2 yearsSmall, light, and very convenientlong battery life(6+ hours, much better than my other laptop)Keyboard and touchpad work nicelyFlash player built inturns on when lid is openedvery cheapCons:No support for things like silverlight or java(yet)Can only do browsing (not a problem for me since I have a second computer, but might be for some)You CANNOT install anything that isnt through the chrome web store (add ons for chrome)touchpad click does seem a little cheap, but still worksWhen it comes down to think and thin, it just matters if you need a computer that does more than browse the internet. I don't, because I have my other PC and all of my homework is on the internet anyways. I do need to use my other PC for things like programming and some other things, so if you don't have another windows or mac, this may be a problem.Other than that though, this is a very convenient, great device for the price. It loads web pages pretty quickly and can handle most things you can throw at it. For the price, I would definitely say it is a good purchase.
computer|First off, I am an admitted IT Geek. I have a computer science degree and have spent my entire career working in IT on everything from mainframes to wearable computers. I really know computers inside and out. I want to provide some perspective about the Chromebook by a person who spends 10-12 hours on some type of computing device every day.So why would I ever buy a device like this? Well, I ordered the Chromebook to evaluate it for my parents. They are not tech savvy at all. They have a Kindle Fire and an iPad, but when they do write e-mails and want to do other tasks, the pads are just not enough. They are computer users and media consumption people. What I found out during my work with the Chromebook is that it is the right computer for me too. Now, off to the review...First off the Google Chromebook is computer unlike anything coming from the minds of Apple or Microsoft. Something on the surface that an IT Geek like me probably wouldn't like. It doesn't have a full-blown operating system like OSX nor is it a mobile platform like Android. It is something in between, it is ChromeOS. It is very fast, very reliable, and is perfect for doing your everyday tasks. If you mostly read e-mail, write notes, run spreadsheets, develop presentations, chat, Facebook, and surf, you should read on.The Samsung Chromebook is very sleek, thin, and light. It is somewhat similar in form to a Macbook Air, but it's also close to a number of the new Ultrabooks. The feel in hand is very solid and doesn't seem like a $249 computer. The keyboard is very good; very solid feel and great action. If you type quickly (100+ wpm), you'll be happy to know this keyboard can keep up with you. The only better keyboard I've used in recent memory is the Air, but it's not far off.When you open the box and lift the lid it automatically starts up in under 10 seconds. This is not coming up from sleep mode. That's its boot time from a cold start. The setup process is as painless as it can be. Attach it to your wireless network and if you have a gmail account, just login and you are done. I up and reading e-mail in my account in less than 5 minutes. The last out of the box Windows experience took nearly an hour before I was through all of the setup questions, patches, and add-ons.Now that you are logged in, the simplicity of the system reveals itself. Effectively the entire Chromebook is a dedicated Chrome browser. Almost everything you do is in a Chrome browser window. There are applications included and that can be installed, but they all run inside of the Chrome framework. It is a new way to think about computing. And boy is it fast.About the speed: Wow is the best way to describe it. I dare you to find a browser that is as responsive as the Chrome broswer on ChromeOS. All running on a tiny little ARM processor. This tiny little ARM processor is what gives the Chromebook its 7+ hour run time on a single charge. In practice a lot of this depends on what you are doing. If you want to stream 7 hours of YouTube videos, you're probably going to be disappointed, but for practical all-day off the charger use, I'm seeing that performance easily. It also charges like lightening, so if you throw it on the charger for an hour at lunch, you won't need to worry about it into the evening.Back to why I am keeping the Samsung Chromebook. The device does what I need to do 95% of the time during my work day and 99% for the rest of my life. All of this in a very sleek, inexpensive, and portable package. I still have my work computer, a Lenovo i7 based monster, but it is huge, heavy, and doesn't have nearly the battery life or portability of the Chromebook. I now leave that laptop in the docking station on my desk and carry around the Chromebook and that is the computer I take home. I suppose if I was still spending the majority of my time writing C# I would need a different tool, but the Chromebook is the right tool for me.Pros and Cons?This introduces an interesting point of view. What can we really compare the Chromebook to? There is nothing else that is in it's class, so I guess I'll focus primarily on functionality.Pros:-Inexpensive (I didn't say cheap)-Light-Fast-All Google-Centric (this can also be a Con)-Very simple to setup and use-Long battery life-Good build quality-Good keyboard-Good library of add-on applications (yes, another app store)-Everything for one price (Hardware, Operating System, Storage, Office Applications)Cons:-Not a full-blown operating system-Doesn't run Mac, iOS, Windows, or Android applications...none of them, it can't-All Google-Centric (this can also be a Pro)-Some apps you know and love aren't available yet, maybe never (Netflix is one)-Not as mainstream as either full-blown computer platforms or mobile platformsI gave the Samsung Chromebook 4 stars because it's really good, but not perfect. Bottom line, this is a new device that lives somewhere between tablets and full-blown traditional computers. It is a great consumption device with a full keyboard for doing some serious work (documents, spreadsheets, presentations, e-mail, and web-based applications). I recommend that you give it a shot, I think you'll really like it.
computer|I bought the Samsung Chromebook with the idea in mind that it was even smaller than my laptop and would work great to read books on the go without having to drag along my kindle as well as my phone as well as...blah blah blah. Sometimes I honestly feel like all of my various devices turn me into a walking satellite receiver. The first thing I took note of when using the chromebook for the first time was how easy it was to set it up and make it personal. There is a handy one screen guide to walk you through the process. It is all pretty straight forward and if you are a user of google chrome, you pretty much have it in the bag already.I set up the chromebook and downloaded the apps I would need to use offline and found the process simple and satisfying. Typing on the chromebook is pretty much the same as on any other keyboard with the noted exception that the keys have somewhat large spaces between them which can cause my typing to be a little awkward since I am used to my laptop where the keys are all close together.The screen has beautiful even illumination and the apps download very quickly. It was a bit of a change to go from windows to the google operating system and took me a few days to organize things to where I could easily access them and remember where I put them.As for battery life, this thing rocks! I have used this thing for seven hours before and still had it estimate that I had over an hour left. Mostly I use the chromebook for business applications and perusing the web for my job so I have not had to much experience playing movies on it or listening to music. I don't do much with multimedia.So far it was a great purchase and I have been thrilled with it after a month of use. If you are looking for a lightweight, portable device to fill your basic needs, this is an excellent choice.
computer|Ever wonder what all those keys are for that you don't use on the keyboard? Well this awesome Samsung Chromebook (Wi-Fi, 11.6-Inch) does not waste space with these unnecessary keys!Having said that you will need to learn just a little bit about the new key setup. But the efficiency of the whole Chromebook will make up for it completely.I have a Google Nexus 7 Tablet (16 GB) But I needed to have full screen view of websites with the full-blown Chrome browser, this Chromebook delivers that.It is ultra simple to set up. Yesterday I walked into a restaurant with Wi-Fi, opened up my Chromebook and within seconds was online!Do you ever have that dread of opening up your laptop knowing that it is going to take time to setup and find a place to plug in? You will not with this little machine. I really can do some work for 15 min. close lid and walk away without even having to worry about turning it off.Battery life. I love the battery life! I haven't even taken the charge cord with me for the past couple of days.The only negative I would have about this is the size of the screen. Although at the same time that's why I have a Chromebook instead of a 17 inch laptop, I need portability.As a business tool. I would buy this again in a minute! Saying something happened to it, all I have to do is buy another one login and I'm back in business. This means a lot when you're using it as a business tool.I love simple, because simple gets done! The Chromebook is a simple and now essential business tool for me.
computer|Having spent a couple days using my new Chromebook, I've developed some initial thoughts. The points below are made in consideration of the $249 price:Hardware: Simply amazing. While there are many laptops that approach or equal the Chromebook for sleekness and many offer superior materials, all of these options are 3-6x the Chromebook price. The keyboard feels great, the trackpad is sizeable and responsive. Even closing the laptop is a joy. The hinge resistance drops off at about 10 degrees where precise detenting provides an almost magnetic pull to close the device fully shut. Lastly silicone bumpers complete the closure with a reassuring "thump" rather than a plasticy "slap". This effect combine with the extremely thin result make me smile a little every time.Keyboard: I do wish some keys such as tab switching and full screen were provided in place of the window switching and maximize keys. Also, I'd enjoy "home" and "end" buttons. Overall the plastic appears durable and is the right material for a cheap laptop that will be obsolete within 2 years (the lifetime suggested by google's 2 year cloud storage service)Screen: The display is good. I know that high end laptops have much nicer displays but many offer the same quality as the Chromebook. The real story is how high end laptops are incorporating $80 displays not that the Chomebook falls short of an Apple retina.Camera: The user facing camera (webcam) is only VGA but is decent under low light and angled just right. I haven't tried the mics yet but there are 2 of them so I'm guessing it's fine.Speakers: can get very loud and sound good on hard surfacesPorts: the headphone jack is reassuringly tight. I haven't tried the HDMI, SD, or USB 2.0 and 3.0 ports.Computation: ARM processing was the right choice for the device. At times, I can't help but feel the device is slightly underpowered; opening a few heavy webpages can cause Rdio to stutter very briefly. However, I've managed to adjust pretty quickly to this minor limitation by keeping fewer tabs open. ARM really shines with regard to thermal performance. Even as I write these words in a warm room with the Chromebook on my fleece pajama pants, the laptop is barely warmer than my skin. The dead silent operation and lack of an exhaust breeze (or any moving internals at all) is extremely reassuring initially but quickly you stop thinking about such things entirely which is probably the point.Chrome OS: The OS currently has a few limitations and bugs. Loading a dozen tabs can cause some to refresh and I've seen reports of some folks losing long posts during these refreshes. I write my posts in google docs which auto saves every few seconds so this isn't much of an issues for me. Some pages like Amazon instant videos and Netflix streaming (hulu works well) aren't yet compatible with Chrome OS (apparently both are being worked upon). I switched to the dev channel which allowed Amazon prime streaming to work initially but it has since stopped working. Most other things work very well. WiFi connections work very well and quickly. I have a tethering shortcut on my phone which allows me to launch tethering, pop open the chromebook and with a few seconds be loading pages. The screen wakes up after opening the lid within 2 seconds (~10 seconds from full rebooting). Heavy pages load within seconds and perhaps only 1-2 seconds slower than on very fast SSD driven desktops. My guess is that Chrome OS on ARM isn't yet fully optimized and that every 6 weeks (google's update cycle) the Chromebook will get slightly faster.Apps: I haven't played with these too much but I've found that Citrix doesn't work for either my wife or my work logins. I use Keepass as my password manager and this isn't supported in the Chrome App store (I switched to LassPass). Chrome Remote Desktop is very easy to set up (perhaps I can help mom with tech support now!) but I haven't turned on my desktop much since I got this toy... Other random things like FitBit syncing via ANT likely won't work anytime soon. Over the weekend I'll be setting up cloud printing and hopefully getting access to my network accessible storage thru the Synology app. My hope is that as Chrome OS gains popularity, more developers will make more and better apps.Extras: 100 GB of cloud storage is very generous and I doubt I'll be able to fill it anytime soon. The 12 GoGo in-flight passes will be very enjoyable during future flights and will be just about right for 2 years. While I wouldn't have purchased $250 worth of these extras - it feels like a great deal to make use of them.As you can probably tell, I'm pretty happy with the Chromebook. Although the device clearly isn't a "full computer", the cheap price allows me to put more money into my desktop machine to make it an even better media machine. More importantly however, the limitations of the Chrome OS experience (closing extra tabs, a lack of system notifications, desktop files, etc) combined with the refreshing lack of heat or noise, allow for a distraction free experience. The closest technology analogy is probably reading on a kindle. I'm happy that Google hasn't felt compelled to incorporate Android into Chrome OS. In time this may work but for now I'm happy to be in "work" mode on my Chromebook. When it's time to play, I'll pick up my Nexus 7 or plot down at the desktop. Less is more; Chrome OS is my 5th screen.
computer|The biggest bummer about this was that Netflix doesn't work. Never would have thought to check this before buying, I mean come on, why would you sell a laptop that doesn't support the Netflix player? Hulu was the only streaming video I came across that worked. And if you want to watch video on any other website? Forget it. Plugins don't work with this Linux-based system!This is good if you're looking for what is basically a non touch screen tablet with a keyboard. It's finally and lightweight, but it's not a normal processing system. I do like that its built more like a Mac, but the mouse trackpad lagged a lot and had some dead spots. That I could deal with, but not bring able to stream video was the last straw.I returned it and got my refund almost instantly. I think I'll just save up for a real computer instead! Def go with a windows or Mac based computer if you want full functionality, I found the chrome book more useless than useful unfortunately
computer|This is not a wise investment. I recommend saving your money and buying an actual laptop. The chromebook will freeze up anytime you are trying to stream a movie or video. Also when doing casual web browsing it will shut down and reboot for no reason. It becomes very frustrating and annoying. The computer is also very fragile.
computer|Many reviews on the Chromebook have focused on what the Chromebook is incapable of doing and if you've done any research on Google's line of laptops, you're probably already familiar with most of the complaints: little storage space, very few apps that can be run offline, and so forth. This is unfortunate as while Chrome OS certainly has several limitations compared to more traditional computing setups, what it is capable of doing, it does very well.I went with this Samsung rendition of the Chromebook over the competing (and cheaper) Acer edition primarily because of the 16 GB solid state drive that Samsung included. The Acer machine might be more spacious but you'll find that you have little use for all of that space on a machine that is built entirely on accessing the Cloud (and, frankly, the numerous services that Google offers). If ultra-fast boot times and complete silence from the machine are both things that you are looking for, then this little Samsung with its 16 GB SSD delivers. I timed the initial boot at a brisk 28 seconds and the only hiccup from unpacking to browsing the internet came when I was accessing my Google credentials. I've had problems with my Google password in the past so I use 2-step verification. For those unfamiliar with Google's security services this involves Google sending a text message to my cell phone in order to authenticate my identity. Once I had my code and was signed in, Google synced up all my data instantly.After a few minutes of clicking through a brief tutorial "app" that Google includes to help bring people up to speed with their new computer (and the different way that Chrome OS handles some things) I was happily browsing the internet. My first stop on the Cloud? Amazon MP3 to pull up all my music and get some Journey playing while I checked out the rest of my new computer. Most Chrome users are probably going to be interested in Google services like Google Music but I was very happy that a third party web "app" like Amazon MP3 worked without a hitch. Like many people, I don't do everything through Google so it is good to know that Chrome OS is diverse. Anything you can do in your traditional PC's Chrome browser, you'll find you should be able to do within Chrome OS (essentially a glorified version of Chrome).Build quality on the machine is pretty impressive for a laptop that costs less than $300. Some reviews I've seen have complained about the poor quality of the plastic and while it won't win any awards, especially if you set it next to a Macbook, it manages to look stylish and feels firm enough. The entire machine only ways around two pounds and everything about it is sleek. The keyboard is a particularly bright spot with spacious, spread out keys, that look more at home on an iProduct than a cheap, low-end computer. In fact, I can guarantee that the excellent quality of the keyboard's build has led to this review being needlessly wordy.I threw several different websites at the computer including Amazon MP3, Youtube, NBC News, and a few hobby pages that I go to and Chrome was able to render them with a snap. After spending close to a year on my smartphone and Nexus 7, I forgot what it was like to browse the web in its full glory and if website use is your primary goal, you'll be very happy with how snappy Chrome OS makes the internet run. Even with seven tabs open, I'm till running smoothly. I was also pleased to discover that the audio quality on the machine's internal speakers is fairly decent though I did pick up some background noise.The Chromebook obviously isn't for everyone: it needs the internet to function and if you live in a rural area with spotty internet connection and poor access to wi-fi networks, the Chromebook is sure to disappoint. If you are seriously considering this machine (or any Chromebook for that matter) you need to ask yourself how much of what you do on a computer involves the internet. For me, a computer is virtually worthless without a connection so the Chromebook was an obvious choice. If worse comes to worse, I have 16 GB of space that I can store Google Docs and a few choice albums on. For everything else? I have the Cloud and the Chromebook interfaces with it magnificently.
computer|Fast, Quiet, Easy to use. The learning curve is not sharp. The WiFi works great. It has 2 USB ports and an HDMI port. It has an SD slot (although the card sticks out a bit when installed).-I am currently in college and this has replaced paper and pencil in most of my classes. I have probably 60 hours of use so far and am always happy about the purchase when I slide it into its case. It is what it is for the price and a little more. I do treat it with care so I can avoid problems.-The only annoying things I have come across is the printer setup (has to be cloud), and the 'H' key torques to the right and sticks sometimes when pushed.-Battery life is good. A full charge will get me through the heaviest school day. Charging is relatively fast (I plug it in at night so it's ready to go in the morning).-I got my co-worker to invest in one he was so impressed. He got it as a personal computer for himself since his kids have taken over their PC at home.-Really a great buy. I have completed my first Google slide(essentially power point) presentation and it works great. The Google Doc and Sheet are average (sufficient for College). Not a gaming computer of course. There are gaming apps, but nothing to heavy on the resources.The Samsung Chromebook is definitely competition for the other guys.
computer|I'm not going to go into great detail about the Samsung 11.6" Chromebook in this review. I've read many of the reviews and I can say that there are others that have covered this is great detail already. But I'll throw in my viewpoint on a few items. First, as most have indicated - This isn't a Windows PC, so if that is what you are looking to purchase (or replace), then most likely you'll find a few critical elements missing (oh, such as being able to install Windows Software) that will be a deal breaker. It is absolutely critical that purchasers of this device understand what it is and what it isn't.So what is it? I like to call it a Web Appliance, because that's where it excels. It's a small computer with keyboard that gets you access to the Internet & Cloud based computing. So can you only use it for Web browsing? No, it can be much more than that if you are willing to move away from the Windows PC paradigm of computing and consider Apps, in particular Google Apps/Docs to do your work. If you are, then this little machine can cover (almost all) web browsing needs, (light) word processing, presentation and spreadsheet work. But you'll be using Google Docs for that effort which isn't MS Office, but for most work is sufficient.Another sweet spot for me is the simple fact that I have had it with Windows PC, as powerful and capable as they can be, they are optimal for about 6 months.. then the SW hogs takeover and within a year or two your machine is dreadfully slow and needs a full re-format and reinstall of Windows. Then the cycle starts over. BTW, I'm a PC guy - I've only ever had MS Windows PC and still figure I need at least one functioning Windows PC in the house. I use Adobe products (Lightroom / Photoshop) and to do that I still need a full functioning Mac or PC. So devices like the Chromebook don't fully replace those, but sure simplify keeping a family of 6 up and running with basic computing needs and internet access. And moving to Cloud computing and document storage simplify data access and backup.Negatives: I'm not concerned about things the chromebook never claimed to do. But there are some features that Chromebooks claim to do that they either don't do or don't do well. First - Printing. There is no easy way to print to (most) existing home printers. You can set it up to use Google Cloud print - it does work, but not without it's share of hassles. I do use it that way, but then I have to go to my full featured PC and log into my Google Account. Then it works seamlessly. But if your PC is in sleep mode or off, no go. The print job is queued. (The exception to this is if you have a true cloud enabled printer, then you can print directly. But for most of us that means buying a new printer as our existing printers won't have that capability.) SECOND: Streaming, such as Netflix. On the particular Chromebook device I purchased, Netflix is not supported. This seems to be a big miss by Google. They are working on it and I'm guessing it will get there, but Streaming is the future of media delivery and Chromebooks need to support it as much as possible. Streaming is a Cloud feature, right? THIRD: Keyboard/Mouse - Awesome keyboard physically, but there is a bit of a learning curve on a few items if you've only ever used MAC/PC solutions. But I'll give Google/Chrome credit - if people learn how to use both the onscreen keyboard help or the online help system, help is very much available. You just have to be a bit patient to learn the system.We've had our Chromebook just for over a month. That's far too short a time period to make any claims as to it's stability or longevity. But our experience in my family has been positive so far. It's working for what I purchased it for. It's small, light, great battery life and works (almost) instantly on startup which means it's great for a quick glace at that email that has that address that you need as you run out the door. If you're looking for that extra device to get on the web, do email, facebook, some light word processing, then I do think Chromebook is a great solution.
computer|I bought this as a Christmas present for my 11 and 13 year olds so they would have their own device to do their homework with, play Minecraft and video chat. Found that there are just too many things I want to do that are incompatible with the Chrome OS.First problem was getting the unit to wake up. When I first opened it, everything was fine and U took a tour if the device. I then closed the cover while leaving it plugged in to charge. When I came back and opened the cover, it would not come back on, though the power light was on. I tried shutting off, unplugging, holding power button for several seconds... Nothing.Called Samsung support, tech had me hold power button for 15 seconds. Power light finally went out, and then I was able to turn on again. Tech said it was a "sleep bug" in the Chrome OS that they were working on. A month later and I'm still having the same issue.Converting Woird docs to Google Docs was not difficult, but adds an extra step. My son was unable to log in to his purchased Minecraft account as the OS is incompatible.Wasn't able to make the Google plus video chat work so tried to set up Skype. It would not work with Chrome.Bought a new wireless printer to use with Chromebook. Did everything they said to do but I'm unable to print from Chromebook to the printer. I can print wirelessly to the printer with every other device in the house, including the iPhones and iPod touches, but not the Chromebook.Set up a 20 minute intro call with the Chromebook staff. They were only able to review the most basic things, unable to solve any of my problems.I like that everything is web-based, but it us simply too limited in so many basic things I and my kids need to do for me to recommend.
computer|Just received the Samsung 11.6 Series 3 Chromebook. It was constantly on back order on Amazon, so I just ordered it on Nov. 10th. Nov. 16th I got an ETA of end of November delivery but it actually shipped Nov. 21st. Model-S/N sticker on the bottom has an Oct 2012 factory date.I ordered from Canada and used a cross border shipping service to get it here. This added about $100 to the price, but a chunk of that was 13% HST taxes, there was no duty, and the shipping charge was fair, especially when you consider that Amazon did not charge a U.S. tax and shipping was free.So, if you want this and it says it's on back order, I recommend to just order it and you should get it fairly quickly. And be sure to post a review. These are new products and could disrupt the M$ and Apple's of the world, meaning greater choices for us through greater competition. Fair reviews are helpful in encouraging people to give this product a try. I think Google has a winner!This Samsung Chromebook performs flawlessly and *as advertised*. Many lower ratings of this Chromebook on Amazon are actually rooted in buyers not doing a basic overview of this product before purchasing. Most complaints are because you can't load Windows programs (.exe), they did not know this is essentially an internet kiosk with nearly everything residing in "the cloud" (No, it does not come with and you cannot install MS Word/Excel) or did not realize Netflix does not yet work (it will one day; be patient - consider it an "early adopter tax" and relax, knowing you're living on the "bleeding edge").This machine is simple and just works. Nothing complicated about it. If you're a techie, you can move from the "stable" channel to "beta" or "developer." Otherwise, just leave it the way it comes and it will simply work.-It boots fast, it shuts down fast and it browses fast. Boot and shut down is faster than any computer I have ever owned.-No viruses, so no need to purchase additional virus software.-Upgrades without any intervention.-Great battery life. Better than the 6.5 hour spec, in my case.-Having read all the reviews of the mediocre screen, I will say that it is better than I anticipated. I have to turn down the brightness in a dark room. Limited viewing angles but not an issue for me. I like the matte screen, as there are no reflections. I would pay $50 more for a great IPS screen but this is perfectly fine, especially for a $250 laptop.-Great keyboard. Really great keyboard. Way better than my much sleeker, much more expensive ASUS Zenbook UX21 ultrabook or our our brick of a Dell laptop. It has tonnes of available keyboard shortcuts. People say that there is no delete key and you must do an alt+backspace (or something like that) to delete, but this is not my experience. The backspace deletes the previous letter(s) you typed. That's all I need it to do. I love the integrated search/back/forward/reload/maximize keys. Great modern additions.-No issues with the touchpad. I'm not a touchpad fan at all (read: hate them); this one doesn't annoy me, which is saying a lot. Two finger scrolling of pages is perfect.-small power cord. No one ever mentions this in laptop reviews but it's important, and as many power cords are massive bricks, making it far less portable.-Be sure to buy a sleeve/case for this, as the plastic casing will scratch easily, no different than similar products (Have you ever seen a "well used" Macbook Air? Not pretty).-Printing to my flaky HP eprint printer works flawlessly.TIP: I use Google's 2-step verification (multi-factor authentication), which I recommend everyone try out (use all the backup options when you set it up). Be sure to try it for 30 days before making up your mind, as the extra sign on step takes getting used to. If you use it, too, and want your Chromebook to be "trusted" (does not require a verification code every time you sign in) after providing the verification code the first time, under Settings > Users > Manage Other Users > check: Show Usernames and Photos on Sign-in Screen (default). ** If you want to force a verification code every single boot (what I do), do NOT check: Show Usernames and Photos on Sign-in Screen. This will require you enter your username, password and verification each time. Warning: It will also require you to have internet access to sign in.These are good, solid little machines. Google and Samsung have figured out a path to success. Now, let's see if they can increase supply to match demand and then keep up the marketing effort to build market share. I wouldn't touch the Acer model, though, and hope that Google keeps the price down without resorting to allowing bad pieces of hardware on to the market with this OS on it. First impressions count and bad hardware will hurt them in the long run. They should be picky and this great Samsung Chromebook should become the minimum standard, not the gold standard.I plan to buy one or two for the kids to do their homework on after testing this for a few months, so they are not grabbing this one constantly. If it breaks, I can live with the $250 loss. If it gets stolen, valuable documents will still be accessible in "the cloud." The constant auto-save and previous versioning of Google docs has saved us numerous homework headaches.As far as first impressions for this Samsung Chromebook, it's great. It just works, as it should. No more, no less. Faster than most machines and, hopefully, it will continue to improve rapidly, as people try out Chrome OS for the first time.This Samsung Chromebook is the sleeper hit of the year.Hope you found this review helpful. If you did, let me know by selecting "yes," below.
computer|I work in technology everyday. I have been researching inexpensive options for schools and have been following the Chromebooks since its conception. I am very pleased with what arrived. I thought that it would feel and look cheap, it doesn't! It is very well made, It actually looks like a MacBook air had a baby. The keyboard is fantastic, the screen is great, the simplicity is amazing. I have an iPad, I have a MacBook aire and now my Chromebook! As a Technology Facilitator, I would highly recommend this for students. I absolutely love my Chromebook. It has 16 GB storage on the machine, 100 GB in the clouds, 2 USB ports, HDMI port, SD Card and Micro SD card slot, it has everything you need. I live my life in the clouds, so it is perfect for me.Purchase it, you will be pleasantly surprised. The teachers that I work with see my Chromebook and are now purchasing their own. What is really nice, is the quality surpasses the price, which never happens. Kudos to you, Google!!!
computer|Trust me, I had my worries about the ability of this computer. Coming from a history of under-performing laptops it was a bit of a gamble to jump to the new Samsung Chromebook.In short: A great decision.The machine is a little powerhouse. Of course you must know exactly what you are getting into prior to purchase; that is essentially a OS version of Google Chrome as others have mentioned. But if you are anything like me (ie. Use google products such as gmail, google docs, etc. and mostly internet consumption) which lets be honest, is most people, then this little laptop is for you.It is not blazing fast but it gets the job done and doesnt leave you wondering where the content is. Mind you, I'm coming from a desktop with an i7 - 920 quad core overclocked to 3.7ghz with 6gb ram so I know what decent speed is. All in all I am very impressed with the performance as well as the sleek design.There are a few negatives as mentioned in other reviews. Mainly for me, the screen. Another reviewer captured it nicely in that it leaves a bit to be desired. Not a deal breaker. Other minor issues include a bit of backlight bleed on edges of screen, low sound levels, a bit of push on handrest, and the power key light is visible underneath the key when lying down.It may sound like I'm being critical but those issues are incredibly minor in this whole package. This is a product that is a great buy with tremendous value. I was going to purchase a new top of the line macbook air until I saw this guy. Wow am I glad I didn't. I re-evaluated my needs and am VERY pleased with the results.An awesome product from google.
computer|I've been living with my Chromebook (CB) for a few days and without going as deep as some here, here's some bullet points:Amazing form factor - almost identical to an 11 inch Macbook Air but personally I prefer the feel of the plastic - I feel similarly about my Samsung Galaxy S3 over an iPhone too.So light and small compared to my HP DM4 or really anything but a tablet.Instant start up into Chrome OS is a convenience that now makes jumping on my W7 laptop a frustrating experience.Keyboard is phenomenal. At my desk I use a full size Logitech keyboard but I find going the the CB keyboard very natural.Trackpad is up there with the best in the business.Screen - decent - its no retina display but does the job and I like the matte finish.Build quality - really good. Yes there's a little give if you push hard enough on the shell and keyboard but quality is way beyond what you would expect for the price.Chrome OS. - I am deeply embedded in Google Apps for email / calendar / contacts / web browsing and do about 90% of my work in the Chrome browser so I am loving the simplicity of the Chrome OS and CB.MS Office etc - I do a lot of work in Powerpoint and some image and layout work with Adobe CS. Unfortunately at the moment the CB is not going to replace my Windows laptop at my desk but I can use Chrome Apps and Office Online apps in a pinch for some of that work if I need to on the road.Chrome Apps - I suggest spend some time checking out the Chrome App Store. There is everything from enterprise to productivity software and a ton of entertainment and games.Music - subscribe to RDIO or Rhapsody and with a wifi connection your music needs are covered.Kids - I set up my kids Google Accts and am happy to hand it over and let them log in without having to worry about any of my files / settings etc. In fact I'm probably going to buy them each one for the holidays.As a second computer for traveling or running out to meetings this is a no brainer for $250. Also great for using on roadtrips for the kids to watch movies or play games - just load up an SD card or USB stick with media.My hope is that the cheap price and Google Apps for Education means that more schools get computers in the hands of more pupils. Definitely a game changer.
computer|Just got my Chromebook this afternoon. I've fiddled with it nonstop for about 5 hours and have come away quite pleased. First let's describe what this is: a cheap laptop to browse the web and send a few emails while using a lightweight Linux based, Google developed OS - Chrome OS. Having said that, I sent some emails, I browsed the web non-stop, watched a 1080p video, configured a couple VPNs, connected to 5Ghz 802.11n and did a speed test on my home network, and listened to Pandora nonstop, all while having it unplugged (after a full charge of course) to see how the battery held up. Here's what happened.Web Browsing - Great experience, web pages loaded fairly quickly and I was able to keep upwards of 7 tabs open in Chrome without many problems. I left Pandora running the entire time I was browsing. This would cause some weird issues where Pandora would stop playing, I would have to click on the Pandora tab and it would reload the whole tab, and then start playing again. I replicated this 3-4 times. I found that closing a couple tabs made Pandora behave a little better. Probably a symptom of having such a resource light laptop, but that's to be expected - especially at this price.Speakers - The speakers themselves are pretty bad. You can turn them all the way up and just not really think they are turned all the way up. They fire directly into your lap, so the sound is absorbed quite easily by pants or blanket material that is in the way. Having said that, they would be more than adequate to watch a movie in bed or listening to music as long as you aren't looking for a hi fidelity experience.Battery life - I left it unplugged for about 2.5 hours, listened to music, watched about 5 minutes of a movie file, watched various YouTube clips, did some configurations of the OS itself, and did a couple speed tests, all while web browsing non-stop. Under this pretty intensive work load I was left with 64% battery life left. My calculations tell me this would give me a 6.5 hour battery life. That is exactly what Google and Samsung claim, and I can live with that. Very impressive, especially for being such a light and thin device.Wifi Speed - I connected to my home 802.11n access point, using the 5Ghz radio, and was able to attain 30+ Mbps download and 20+ Mbps upload speeds using speedtest.net. Pretty great, I don't think the wifi speed will ever be a bottleneck for me.VPN - I was able to configure multiple VPN connections after a few hiccups. I confirmed these connected were working by checking my IP address location using [...]. Configuration was relatively painless and Chrome OS seems to support OpenVPN, L2TP/IPSec + PSK, and L2TP/IPSec + User Certificate options.User Accounts - The Chromebook supports multiple user accounts, which is cool. However there seems to be some usability issues. I signed in and set up the VPN connections, sync'd my Chrome extensions and messed around. Then I let my wife log in with her account and things got weird. It prompted something about using a different password for her than last time (this was her first time ever logging onto a Chrome OS device). Then I logged her out (it doesn't support account switching) and logged back in under my account, it gave me the same error about using a different password than last time I logged in (it was the same password I used the first time) and then I noticed my VPN connections were gone, and I opened Chrome to find it was syncing my extensions again like I had never done it before. However my background and user icons were what I had set them to earlier. Also, my wife and I both use two factor authentication (TFA) with our Google accounts. Logging in to the Chromebox will prompt you for a TFA code after entering your username and password, however there is no "trust this computer" option as there is with Windows machines and even certain Google applications within Android. This is a convenience vs. security issue, however it should be up to the user whether or not they trust the computer they are signing in to.Keyboard and Trackpad - Both work just fine, the keyboard is a little small but it is very usable and the trackpad is great. You get used to two finger scrolling in a minute even dragging is easy to do.Screen - The screen is small, and the resolution isn't great. The viewing angles are also not great. Definitely a big concession to the price.Charger - The charger has an absurdly small connector. I have personally ruined two laptops because the power connector became loose when connecting. I will definitely have to be careful with this.Overall I am very happy with my purchase. I know that Chrome OS is a work in progress and I look forward to seeing the improvements over time, just like Android, and Chrome, and all the other wonderful things that Google does. I hope Netflix support is added soon (they promise that it is) and that the large influx of Chrome OS users from this devices give Google reason to work even harder on fixing the bugs and adding features. If you know what you are buying, both in the software and hardware, and realize you are paying $250 for it, you will be pleased too.P.S. I would pay another $50-$100 to add a back-lit keyboard and a better screen. Hopefully there will be some more tiers of Chromebooks coming out soon.
computer|Overall I really love my Chromebook. I'm very familiar with Chrome and use Google's products daily, so it was easy to adopt to. The keyboard is actually much better than I expected. Very comfortable and responsive. I like the ease of use overall and think it was money well spent.The browser itself has been buggy, which is surprising. I use Chrome all the time without any problems. So why would the browser be buggy on its own native OS? If nothing else, I'd expect it to be better.To give you an example, sometimes Google Docs time out and a blank dialog box pops up and hovers over the page without any way to close it. (A dialog box is the alert you get on your computer, usually requiring you to click OK or Cancel.) I haven't figured out what's causing that bug. I opened the same docs on my desktop in Chrome and there were no problems. Sometimes pages like Facebook hang, won't reload, or just won't work at all. I can open the same page on my computer and it's fine.Some people have noted the screen brightness. Yes, it is a bit washed out and hard to read. I turned it up to maximum brightness, which helped, but it still feels like there is a haze over it. Like it's at 90% and could stand to be just a little crisper.Oh well. The computer itself is fast, responsive, lightweight, and great to type on. I'll pick my battles. I would recommend the Chromebook to others, so long as they do realize it's not intended to be a full fledged computer. As long as you have realistic expectations, and already love the Chrome/Google suite of products, I think you'll be very happy with it.NOTE 11/10/12 - The video playback is terrible. Not sure if that's a software issue or hardware. It lags, stutters, and jumps. I removed one star for that, given the fact that I've been able to play video on even my oldest, most deprecate laptops. I still love the Chromebook overall though.NOTE 11/11/12 - The problems with my Chromebook got consistently worse with use since I bought it on 11/08. Finally I wiped everything off it and reset the ChromeOS. It seems to have fixed things. I'm going to play with it a little more just to confirm, and then I will revise my review to be accurate.
computer|I am a long time Mac user and find the Chromebook and the Chrome OS very usable. Here are my initial thoughts after a couple days...* The screen is a little cheap.* The whole design kinda rips of a MacBook Air, but uses a plastic enclosure instead of metal.* It's easy to type on, but the keys feel a little cheap.* It is very light weight.* The OS is very usable, especially if you use a lot of Google web services.* They give you 100 GB of cloud space for buying the Chromebook.* The trackpad is surprisingly good for being so inexpensive.* OS upgrades are painless.* Battery life is decent and sort of accurate at ~6 hours on one charge.* It uses a proprietary charger.* Overall a very simple and clean OS that works well with Google web services.* It has a shell that you can open and SSH to servers.* There is a remote desktop client, but I haven't used it yet.In all, it feels like an inexpensive laptop that is a cheap knock off of the MacBook Air that costs $250. The Chrome OS and the 100 GB of cloud space make this a very good deal. It is a truly disposable computer that is great for web work and web browsing. You're not going to be able to run Windows or Mac apps, but you can use Google Drive and the plethora of Google services without issue. Hope this helps.
computer|The Samsung chromebook is a solid accessory for laptop users who want a lightweight alternative that provides more functionality than most tablets and smartphones. The only thing to keep in mind is that this is a connected product that depends on a connection to the Google online services to be useful.I purchased this unit and the Acer Chromebook to assess its use as a supplementary computer for consultants traveling with our company. My criteria for a good alternative would be based on:-Ability to access and use web applications used by our consultants-Ease of use for a non-technical user-Portability-Reliability-DurabilityChrome OS: The chrome OS, the interface and the operation of the software on both the Samsung and the Acer are identical. Setup of the software takes about 5 minutes if you don't have a google account and about 2 minutes if you do. Be aware that all new Google Accounts are automatically also signed up for Google+. While I like Google+ some may not want to join yet another social network. Unfortunately I don't see a way to opt out of that registration at the present time.Since the Chrome OS relies so heavily on the Google internet presence for almost all functionality, Google gives you a 2 year, 100 gb account on Google Drive to use with your Chrome OS (and your other computers). It is on the G Drive that you will store all the files that you will use with the Chrome OS. There is a limited 16gb of local storage on the device, but it is sometimes tough to see the distinction between the online/local file locations. Best to store most files online.Booting the Chrome OS from a complete power off state takes a very quick 7-10 seconds on both the Acer and the Samsung. ChromeOS logon is with your Google account credentials. From credential logon to the desktop is less than a second. If you use the Chrome browser on your laptop or desktop PC and have it sync'd with your Google account, you will bring all the "apps", bookmarks, extensions and history to the ChromeOS. Setup of the desktop is straightforward and shouldn't confuse too many modern OS users. Communications setup is also easy for wifi. Bluetooth is available on the Samsung but requires delving into the "settings" options. Applications, the Chrome Browser and other functions are arranged on the bottom left of the screen and pull up using the touchpad. If you have used the Chrome Browser, GMail or other Google Apps, then you will be right at home on the OS. I won't spend much time on the Google apps as this is a hardware review, but they work relatively well. Google Docs, Sheets, Slides, Gmail, Calendar and GDrive can all read and write standard office formats. In my experience they can adequately replace MS office for on the go work and editing. More complex editing and design is still best left to the more robust office tools.The Chrome OS is put into sleep if you close the screen and wakes to your last desktop when opened. However, it does not appear that a relogon is forced after wake, leaving all of your data from the previous session up with your credentials. The Acer will sleep for approximately 24 hours while the Samsung can sleep a couple of days.Battery: Battery life is much better on the Samsung with a full battery lasting about 7 hours under a good load. The Acer battery is much weaker at 3 hours. Samsung's battery is integrated into the laptop yielding a lighter weight and more refined look. The acer battery is swappable but heavier. Replacing the Samsung battery would require complete disassembly of the unit, much like the Macbook Airs or Iphones.Speed: The Samsung is powered by 2gb of RAM and the exynos 1.7ghz processor (2 cores). The acer uses an intel celeron 1.1ghz CPU with 2 gb of memory. Memory is upgradeable in the Acer to 4 gig. Samsung is not upgradeable. The Samsung handled all loads I put on it, including heavy browser use, VUDU/Hulu/YouTube streaming HD and SD video. Likewise the Acer was able to handle the same. Page access and switching between tabs was quick as was access to email and Google Apps. The Graphics process on the Acer is the Intel HD which should outperform the Samsungs integrated ARM Mali-T604. However, since neither machine is really for designed for graphics intensive work (games, video/photo editing, etc..), the performance difference between the two is not noticeable.Storage: The Samsung uses a very meager but fast 16gb of SSD storage, while the Acer uses a standard 320gb 5400rpm HD. While the extra local storage is roomy, the Acer HD requires more power and cooling and this is noticeable in the shorter battery life. The Acer also needs a fan to cool the HD and this can heat up the bottom of the laptop and further reduce battery life. For an OS that requires the internet for use and storage, the larger Acer HD is superfluous.Screen: The Samsung and Acer both use a 11.6" screen. Both screens are bright and viewable with auto adjusting (but defeatable) brightness. The Samsung screen is slightly more viewable and bright. The screen on the Samsung is angle constrained by its hinge with a full, flat recline not possible. The Acers screen will lay flat if needed.Keyboard: The Samsung and Acer both have unlit keyboards with a standard QWERTY layout. No number pad on either. The samsung keys are very responsive, well positioned and have a good feel. The Acer keyboard is less responsive and has a very cheap feel to it.Touchpad: Both the Samsung and Acer use touchpads for scrolling and clicking. Right clicking is performed with a non-intuitive two finger touch/press. The samsung touchpad is adequate and gives a decent feel of the desktop. It does feel slightly sticky. The Acer touchpad is less responsive and sometimes did not register movement. A USB external mouse can be used on both.Ports: The Samsung gives you 2 USB ports, one 2.0 and one 3.0 highspeed. The Acer has 3 USB 2.0 ports. The Samsung gives a HDMI out while the Acer has VGA and HDMI. Both can accept SD cards. The Acer has an etherent port (10/100). The Samsung is wifi only, no ethernet port. Both Wifi are a/b/g/nPower: Both Chromebooks use powerbricks and grounded cables. The Samsung has a smaller brick. Samsung has the adapter port on the back while Acer has chosen a side port. The rear location of the port for the Samsung is a drawback as it is sometimes a tighter fit when abutted to a wall or work area.Webcam: The Acer has a HD webcam (1280 X 720). The Samsung has a VGA resolution webcam (640 X 480)Speakers: The Acer and Samsung have adequate speakers for personal listening. Both have headphone ports.Durability and reliability: Having only used both for about a month, I can't give a good feel for long term durability. However having used both out in travel, I will say that the Samsung seems to be the better and more polished platform. It has withstood some drops overnight in sub freezing temps without any issues. It has a much tighter build and seems to be better able to holdup log term.Weight and Size: The Acer is heavier (3.1 pounds) than the Samsung (2.4 pounds), thicker (Acer: 1.1 inch, Samsung: .7 inch) and less wide (Acer 11.2 inch, Samsung: 11.4 inch) and deep (Acer: 8inch, Samsung: 8.1 inch). Overall the Samsung has a noticeably smaller footprint and weight, feeling more portable.Printing: Neither the Samsung or the Acer can directly connect to a printer. Each has the option of using google's CloudPrint to access printers via the network. Setting up cloudprint can be complex for non-technical users. An alternative is to use Google Apps to either save documents to the GDrive and print from a full size computer, or save them as PDFs and access the printouts as files.Conclusion: For the additional $50 difference for my criteria I would recommend the Samsung Chromebook. For the road warrior who wants a backup computing device that has a full keyboard the Samsung is a great choice. It boots quickly, has a familiar interface and can do about 90% of what a full Windows/Mac laptop does at a fraction of the cost. It is lightweight, has good battery life and works well as long as it has a internet connection. I will be making a recommendation to get the Samsung Chromebooks for our consultants.
computer|I am director of a small publishing house. I've been using a $1,000 MacBook Pro 11.6 (Lion) laptop for over a year, with the Chrome browser, Gmail, and GoogleDrive as my online backup for laptop-based files of importance. I got accustomed to the trackpad (I switched the scrolling direction) and haven't used a mouse since I got my Mac. I do book production and cover design on it, sitting in the living room recliner (too far from an electrical outlet to use the adapter) but the battery runs down pretty quickly.I wanted this Chromebook as a second machine for starting and ending my day: browsing and doing the cloud-based work I have to do, like accounting in Wave, managing social network-based marketing, ordering books, searching for cover art, reading manuscripts in Submittable, handling email, etc. My Mac with Adobe CS5 is essential for the actual book design and production, so I basically reserve its battery now for that.What is amazing to me is how similar this Chromebook keyboard is to my MacBook Pro. The only time I realize I'm not on my Mac is when I hit what, on the Mac, is the caps lock key but on the Chromebook pops up apps. (There is no caps lock key on the Chromebook; supposedly you can press both shift keys at the same time to effect caps lock, but I guess I don't have the right touch because I can't get it to work.) Another slight difference is in how click and drag works; on the Chromebook, you hit the trackpad with your thumb, then drag.Those who have already gotten accustomed to using Google-related commands for email, clearing the cache, and the like will be good to go without any learning curve. Chrome extensions and apps, of course, work as expected. (I am SO glad I had the prescience to realize a year ago that I definitely wanted to shift to a cloud-based approach!)Now, a word about the quality of the monitor. I find the type on the screen to be MORE readable than on my Mac. It is much crisper and high-definition. The colors don't match between the two computers, but I'm not sure it's the Chromebook's fault. The Chromebook does seem to be able to sense how to adjust brightness based on the conditions of the room, which is helpful. Sometimes, however, my eyes start smarting, something that happens when I'm working on the Chromebook, but not on the MacBook Pro. I don't know what accounts for this. The sound is better on the Chromebook than on my Mac, especially if I use good headphones. When watching a movie, the color is a bit washed out compared to the really garishly brightly colored sets, but I prefer that.I'm probably more of a power user when it comes to the user end of a computer, but I don't try to get in and hack things like some people do. Developer mode, need for static IP address, etc., I'm clueless about. But this is a well-built, fast, mostly no-fuss, low-cost and very light-weight piece of work with a long-lasting battery, which is exactly what I wanted. That I also got a seamless experience shifting from one machine to the other for a quarter of what my MacBook Pro cost? That's priceless!
computer|The chromebook is exactly what a netbook should have been. It is basically a cheap device that lets you surf the internet with the convenience of a keyboard....nothing more and nothing less. I actually prefer this to an ipad or any other tablet for two simple reason. 1) it is half the price of an ipad and 2) it has a physical keyboard. By no means does the device feel cheap. I would say you are getting far more quality than $250 worth. The best way to describe the keyboard would be a that of a macbook air, but slightly cheaper feeling (more plastic). The trackpad is also very good...better than 3/4 of the ones on current PC's. I am use to using a mac, so you can change the trackpad to scroll similarly by going to trackpad settings in the chrome browser and choosing "enable simple scrolling".All in all this is a fantastic netbook. I would also like to note the apps are kind of useless b.c they are basically just bookmarks to the websites. Battery life is a solid 7 hours, and the device runs smooth as butter. The only thing I have noticed that is strange is the trackpad is god awful if you are charging the device and using it. This may be fixed with an update, but the trackpad becomes very buggy.******updated*******After a little more time with the device, there are a few things I cannot get passed. I previously mentioned the trackpad acting up when charging, and it seems like that is not the only thing. The graphics become very glitchy and render the device unusable while charging. Also, I have started to notice a very annoying flicker while using the browser, which is also a big deal since 100% of the time that is where my time is spent. There is a strong possibility that my device is defective since I have not seen mention of these problems. The flicker occurs when I move the mouse around and have chrome open, and it is mostly noticeable at the top of the screen.
computer|Pros-1. Fast boot up. About 12 seconds when powered off. About 1 second from sleep.2. Google Drive integration is fantastic.3. Setup took less than two minutes. Core functionality built in right out of the box including office compatibility etc.4. Battery life is awesome.5. Design - Lightweight, great keyboard and touchpad. While others have complained about the screen, I have no problems with it.Cons-1. Doesn't support Netflix2. Doesn't support Amazon Instant Video3. Out of the box native video support is limited. You'll have to convert your videos to a supported format in order to play them from a flash drive.4. Application installations are limited to the chrome webstore (but I knew that ahead of time).Overall, I think this is a great purchase. While there are some limitations, I believe this is a great price point for the hardware and included software. This would be a perfect laptop for a student in college or high school considering that all office files are compatible using Google's Sheets, Slides, and Docs applications. If your already in the Google world this is a no-brainer.11/14/12 Update - The latest Chrome OS update seems to have fixed the Amazon Instant Video issue. I'm now able to stream from that service. Netflix still doesn't work though.
computer|Had I reviewed this computer 2 weeks ago I would have given it 4 stars (taking 1 start away for it not being able to run Netflix yet, though a whole star seems harsh). It's amazingly light. It boots up fast as lightning. It's taking some getting used to not having any storage space other then online, but obviously I knew that was the case when I bought it. It worked great for about 3 weeks. Then all of a sudden it started to freeze or the browser would shut down. My first review it shut down in the middle of typing in fact *update - it has now happened twice in writing this review*. I timed it and I get 6 - 10 minutes of active time before it freezes or shuts down. It literally froze in the middle of typing an email.My husband is a computer geek. He has attempted to fix with it. Restored the factory settings. Nothing helps. This machine is crap.
computer|Can't add much more technical details - plenty of people have covered it. However, want to make clear to people considering this purchase: know what you are buying. You cannot run Windows applications and if you need to, get something else. Personally, I was already entrenched in the Google web apps - have used GDocs exclusively for a couple of years. If you work on several devices, GDrive is the easiest ever. My last netbook was an Asus. I consider this along the lines of a netbook as it is lightweight and inexpensive. It has a perfect size for my older eyes in comparison to my netbook- it seems much bigger. It works great. No, the screen is not the absolute best. No, it is not made of aluminum, but it feels as sturdy as any laptop/netbook I have owned. For 250 bucks, this is looovely! I am very happy with this purchase.For teachers - you can run Power School by downloading an extension called RNDR. Download your gradebook. Go to your downloads and click on the http link, not the download. It will open the RNDR page and then the gradebook - it is a bit slower opening, but then works the same. I'm sure there are other java apps that people need to use and this extension should work. If there is one that you need to use a lot, google the name and chromebook and you can confirm if it works from posts.I want to reiterate- buy this expecting a netbook with a bigger screen and great form factor. This is not a cheap Mac, nothing like it. You are not going to have popping images on this little laptop, but you can get work done and feel confident that if you lose it, it gets stolen or your kid drops it down the stairs, you are not going to lose all your work nor cry due to your loss.Have fun, everybody.Editing to say a few more things. After using this for a couple of days, I like it more and more. The keyboard is great. Took me a while to get use to the two finger scrolling on the track pad and was concerned about that, but now it feels normal. Going between my Nexus 7 and this, I was a bit worried about the resolution and mat screen on this, but again that has proven to be no big deal - the mat screen is better for working in sunlight by far. There is a slightly more yellow (not like yellow-yellow, just not that bright white of Nexus/tablets) to the screen that concerned me, but again, even that seems to make more sense for extended typing, etc - it is just not as bright/straining on your eyes.Also, the desktop sharing app works GREAT! Full screen and I'm practically using my Ubuntu desktop on this thing. Love that!
computer|I was so excited to get my chromebook for Christmas, yet have been nothing but disappointed. The unit has never worked properly, continually crashing, reseting, and not connecting to WiFi. I have tried all available fixes, including searching online for help. I have installed updates, reset the device, restored the device to factory settings and nothing works. It continues to shut down and reset itself every few minutes, making it not usable. I finally resorted to returning it to Amazon, and found it past the return date, with no customer service to help make it right. I spent $250 on a big paper weight. I am dissapointed that Amazon wont help to replace a defective product.Update: I sent it back to Samsung and they refused to help. They claim my " 3rd party charger" (which I had to buy right after, because the Samsung one broke) CAUSED my problems... Nevermind that about 1 million other customers have the same problem. It's all over the Internet about the crashing problem... Do they all have "3rd party chargers" too? No. I bought Samsung instead of acer because I trusted Samsung. No more... They have lost me and everyone I can pass the word to as a customer.
computer|I'm writing this review on this chromebook (WiFi only version). I really like this little computer for most tasks.About 5 years ago there was this push for netbooks as being a nice little easy to take with you computer. These were stripped down "WinTel" laptops without an optical drive. I tried two of them and my general experience was that they were portable, but so under powered from a computer viewpoint that I got tired of dragging them to wifi hotspots. Just a quick summary of human factors - this chromebook is light - the keyboard is easy to type on - the trackpad is easy to use - and the battery runs for 5+ hours. I don't have to charge it any more than a typical cell phone.So when this device came out, it sort of broke that mold, but in a good way. I was a little afraid based on my previous experience as to this basically using a "Smart Phone" CPU, whether it would be slow as well, but the usage of a solid state drive (SSD) (as opposed to a platter based drive) gave me enough confidence to take the jump. I was hoping it would be sort of like "low end MacAir". And I think it does meet that criteria for about 20% of the equivalent apple cost.I N T E R F A C E SOne of the most important things with any computer is how well does it play with the peripherals. I was scared with a new operating system that this would be a weak point. Obviously the first and primary one is to the internet with a "cloud based" computer. I've connected the device to several different wireless routers and hot spots and never any trouble there. Of course a failure on this front would make this device Dead On Arrival (DOA).S T O R A G ESo I connected several storage devices that I had used on PCs and Macs (USB sticks, and SD cards, and external hard disks) - everyone of them worked with no trouble. So even though you only have a little bit of storage on the actual computer, you can have lots of extra external storage. Things to note here, there is an "App" called "Files" that will show you all the files that are stored locally or in the "cloud" (e.g. "Google Drive"). If you bring some external storage to the party (e.g external disk, flash disk or SD card), you will find it here. One time I was copying music files to the local disk and accidentally sent it to the cloud disk. I then re-discovered the fact that on most internet connections the uplink is much slower than the downlink. This isn't a problem with the computer, but just something to keep in mind, if you decide you want to copy over a load of data to a cloud based drive, it may take a good long time!A P P L I C A T I O N SI've been using "Google Docs" (recently renamed "Drive") for years, so no troubles figuring this part out. I really do like being able to access certain files from any computer on to which I've logged on. There are certain things I am just more comfortable where I am more comfortable using MS office 2003, but that is with complicated multi-tab spreadsheets. Note Office 2007 and 2010, etc are just plain painful to use. Having been using MS office products for 2 decades, the change in the user interface is just down right irritating, and I will never spend any more $ on that product line due to the complete lack of respect for the user or backward compatibility. I am happy with google docs or open office which retain the user interface that MS created and discarded. I haven't even tried, but I suspect if you wanted to create a movie or do some serious photoshop work - this will not be the computer for you. Go grab your high end Mac.O F F L I N E -- A P P L I C A T I O N S(e.g. Desktop Apps (e.g. not in a browser))This was one of the main things that sold me on this computer versus a completely cloud based computer. The ability to do some things without internet access.For Google Docs - currently only the word processor and chart maker work off line. So no spreadsheets in the Outback or on most planes. There are a few other applications that exist outside of the "browser window" if you miss that sort of thing. There is a "calculator" and "scratch pad". There are probably other things floating around in the google play store, but I haven't gone looking extensively. Note that this is a completely different operating system (not windows, mac or linux) so sometimes when you view a website - and they try to figure out what sort of application fits your machine - it gets sort of interesting - usually they guess its some version of linux so you end up with these "tar" or "crx" files.You can look through photos and listen to music without internet access. It's not obvious because you won't see a picture viewer or music player in the application list. But from the file application - which presents a directory like structure if you hit a picture (*jpg) or music (*mp3) file the correct program will show you the photo or play the song.Note that skype doesn't currently work on this platform - but Google Hangouts works just fine as a replacement and you can have a whole family get together (4 locations) without any additional charge."O F -- M I C E -- A N D -- M O N I T O R S ------ M O V I E S -- A N D -- M U S I C"I connected several two button USB mice to the computer and it makes it a lot easier to use. I can get by with the trackpad - which works fine - but for any sort of serious computer work - I still like the mouse. I do have a hard time getting the "right mouse" click to be recognized on the trackpad. You are supposed to hold down two fingers for a little bit to the the "contextual" menu.I connected a large TV set with the HDMI connector and that worked pretty well. I was able to watch a amazon video just fine. There were a few cases where the on screen motion was very quick that the graphics couldn't keep up and got a little pixelated. So if you want to watch action movies you may have trouble. Netlfix doesn't seem to work, since it uses the MS "flash" equivalent. Well let me take that back I just went and opened up netflix to get the name of the missing driver and it is now working. So if you like to watch videos - I think it supports most services (netflix, vudu, youtube).You can certainly play any of the music systems on the internet here, I guess iTunes would be excluded, due to it's basic nature of being a windows/mac application, and the ongoing fight between google and apple to be digital content distributors. I have used grooveshark, the amazon MP3 player, google MP3 player and the actual resident chromebook player with no trouble. I actually sit the chromebook on top of the stereo sometimes and connect the headphone jack and it runs for hours with no troubles. If you really really feel compelled to get something "ITunes like", there is an android phone app called "DoubleTwist", but I think it needs a windows laptop to run. While I have a retro 30 GB iPod at home, for the most part I stream music from one of the services above now days. In the car I like satellite radio due to the variety and not having to worry about a data connection, which is spotty and slow out where I live.Weird random fact - I tried to connect my nexus 4 phone to the chromebook and it didn't recognize it. So two flagship google products aren't compatible. A day later I realized - well if you believe in the "cloud" then you don't really need to be moving data around with USB cables! But still - sort of funny that my "google phone" is recognized by Macs and PCs but not the chromebook.2nd random fact - the power button is right where the "forward delete" key is on a windows machine. So if you are used to using that key, you will occasionally be surprised by your chromebook being powered off. On the good side I do like all the dedicated buttons above the numbers ("Full Screen", brightness, speaker volume and mute).I haven't gone and purchased a compatible printer yet to check out that interface. But I wouldn't expect too much trouble, since printing things is one of the core competencies any computing device needs to exhibit. When I cross that bridge, if I have troubles I can update this note. Do note that most of your USB and older Wifi printers won't work. So count that in your costs if you plan on making this your one and only computer. Since new printers are usually the cost of the old printers print cartridge I'm not really worried about this. if you are in the market for a new printer, you can google "cloud ready printers" and probably find something that fits the bill.Bluetooth - There is a bluetooth interface, but it isn't intended for music streaming or headsets. I tried. But I can confirm it will work with a bluetooth mouse. And apparently with a bluetooth keyboard, but why you would want to use a separate keyboard escapes me, unless you had it connected to the TV and wanted to "surf around" from the couch. I had hoped to use my bluetooth headphones, but that isn't yet possible. There is a wired headphone jack (3.5 mm) jack though.Internet Access Note - I have been able to setup the nexus phone as a portable hot spot for the chromebook with no trouble - I have decided that I will have a "talk phone" and a "data phone". Sometimes the smart phones make it too hard to do the basic phone function. So for the data phone I signed up for the T-mo $30 4G plan with 5Gb of data and 100 minutes. While obviously this depends on how fast the wireless carriers data runs at, but I have been able to get 10 Mb downlink (e.g. fast enough) going from the Nexus 4 google phone to the chromebook. I also installed "AdBlock" and it is way nice to view most of the internet without all the flashing advertisements. I'm thinking that also helps with bandwidth.R E T I R I N G -- T H E -- N E T B O O K SIn fact my two netbooks hardly ever get used anymore, and of course when I do turn them on once a month, they spend half an hour downloading all the latest security patches from the "mother ship" in Seattle. Seriously how can any operating system just have continued on-going security patches issued for years on end?! Random aside the only good MS operating systems I've really seen were windows 95, 2000, XP, and 7. But again the on-going battle to keep viruses and security patches under control is something you won't ever have to think about with this device. I suspect windows 8 (an operating system that can't figure out if its a tablet or a PC) along with the new office interface will lead to the ultimate marginalizing of a once great software development firm.T H E -- B O T T O M -- L I N EThis device is light and easy to carry around. Boots in no time at all which is really nice (having made a habit of going and getting a coffee while waiting for Macs and PCs to startup). Beyond that you don't really have to turn the thing on and off, just close the lid. It doesn't overheat and there is no fan - due to the lack of heat generated by this CPU. Checking emails, creating documents, listening to music and watching streamed movies/TV is easy. I wish this thing had been around when I was shopping for the netbooks. It is pretty much the only laptop I throw in my backpack now-a-days!
computer|I so wanted to love this device and give it a high rating but there are some issues. Actually, near as I can tell, one big issue that cost it the 5-star rating it should get.First off, people need to understand what this product is for and its purpose. It's a new way of imagining the computer experience where everything is online and in the cloud. This is nothing particularly new, and most people do this already, but Google and the Internet are the apps now instead of MS office and the like.What's good about the Chromebook: the OS (such as it is) is minimalist, sleek and elegant. It's snappy and efficient and pretty. If you've ever used Chrome (or, really, any web browser) you'll be right at home here. It (logically) integrates with Google services - which is great for me as a grad student, as I use Google Drive extensively for collaboration with students, fellow grad students and my academic adviser.This is not to say the software is perfect or free from bugs, but bugs happen and I'm pretty forgiving of them.Most of the hardware is good, too. The Exynos processor is just fine for most activities and it boots extremely quickly. the keyboard is great and the web-centered keys are great. The plastic body won't win any awards for value, but it feels well-put-together. The battery is a workhorse. And it's so light and thin it fits well in my bag.The big problem, however, is the screen. And there are two problems with it. I don't know yet if it's a problem with drivers for graphics card or lack of optimization for the ARM architecture (if so, here's hoping Google gets that ironed out ASAP).The first problem is ghosting or screen artifacts. You can see this if you drag a window across the screen or scroll text. Ghost lines of text streaking across the screen move with the text on the wallpaper.The other problem, probably related to the first, is flickering when the cursor moves at all. Basically, any gradient loses most of the intermediate colors. This is less obvious with small gradients on a website for example. It's more of a problem if you use certain colors of wallpaper and the whole wallpaper has a seizure when the mouse moves across the screen. I don't know if this is a defect in my unit or if it's a normal thing that's one of the corners Samsung cut for this laptop. Still, it's irritating.The bottom line is it's a great concept almost well-executed. If it weren't for the screen, it would get a perfect score in my opinion. Maybe the next generation will work that out. Or maybe a different unit will not have the issue at all.
computer|Purchased for my 7th grader who's school has moved the students to google apps for email and writing assignments, etc. For $250 it gets her off my and my wife's laptops. Pretty awesome so far. She logins in to google with her .edu and all her work is there from google drive. Could be the perfect homework machine. Happy kid, happy parents, $250!
computer|I bought this after not wanting to lug my 15" laptop to a 4-day conference, and so I took rather illegible hand-written notes instead. I noticed that many in the group were using netbooks or ultrabooks for this purpose.Since I have a work desktop, a home desktop and a full-sized laptop, I did not want to spend money on a substandard netbook that tries to be a full fledged computer but can't; or an ultrabook that is a full-fledged computer but costs $1000 or thereabout, and with tradeoffs of its own (despite being expensive, substandard graphics capability, for example).I noticed a guy who sat next to me had a Chromebook and he had it unplugged, and on all day at the seminar. He closed the lid at breaks, opened the lid and continued typing. The battery seemed to last all day, no problem. One of the days was a 10 hour days and he never plugged in. That caught my attention.So, I researched the new Samsung Chromebook. It seems like exactly what I needed -- folded, the size, weight and thickness of a tablet, but with a full keyboard that was reasonable to type on. I could carry it around by itself, or zipped in a portfolio, or in a briefcase or messenger bag and not even notice it. The extreme portability means I can type anywhere, the battery lasts longer than any other laptop. The boot time is a few seconds, the wake up time is maybe 2 seconds.Think "tablet-sized office productivity computer" and if that fits your need, I'd recommend it. Great for taking notes, writing a book, surfing the web, watching video, whatever.Here are some things to note:1. You can still write and use some apps "offline" but the wifi version of this requires connection to the net via a WiFi network. You save stuff on Googledrive - like Google's version of Dropbox. You DO NOT have a massive internal Hard Drive in this machine.2. This is not for video or audio editing, or 3D video games (but there are lots of casual and browser-based games and productivity apps like what you'd find in a tablet computer.)3. YouTube and Amazon Streaming work fine, as do a number of other video sites, but NetFlix hasn't perfected its plug-in for it, yet, but they have promised to do so. If you can stream video on an iPhone and Google Tablet, it should be just a matter of time before they iron out whatever the wrinkle is.4. This thing is very light, seems well-constructed, but the screen is not best-in-class and not as good as screens found on tablet computers. It is not a great screen, and does not have a great viewing angle, but it is "good enough" for productivity, light casual games and casual web viewing. There is zero chance you will confuse this with an Apple Retina Display.After charging the battery fully, I set the computer up and tested Youtube, Google docs, Amazon streaming, and various other websites like Facebook. The keyboard is comfortable (I am a guy with guy hands and I had no problem typing). No problems, no hangups, and I played probably 3 hours of video in addition to multi-tab web surfing and it lasted more than 6 hours. At about 6 hours and 10 minutes, I had to go to bed and I still had a 10% charge, so 6 to 7 hours of battery life seems reasonable.If you are expecting a full-fledged multi-use Windows machine, don't buy it. If you want a school machine or a portable work machine for note taking and writing and being productive wherever you happen to be, I have to say, Samsung seems to have a real winner on their hands. The price and size are right.UpdateI notice that the battery life on use is still fantastic. I note that it does not charge a fast as an Apple tablet, and that at rest/not being used, the battery discharges after several days. By way of comparison, my Apple Tablet lasts months with no use and still maintains some charge. Minor quibble. This is still, in my estimation, a fantastic purchase.
computer|I received this a day back and am overall satisfied. Could have been better but I accept the product with its limitations and still see inherent value in its price point in recommending it, albeit to a different audience.First of all I had high hopes for this, I am tired of the Windows and Apple monopolies on OSes, I wanted something light, completely connected to the web as most of my needs are web based, hence the Chromebook.Likes: Ease of use, the thing is a little tiger, just trying and trying to provide you with different Use Cases for it.The keyboard though small, is ample to type on within 20 mins I was back to Windows level speed.The new keys are actually an improvement over regular Fn keys, I use them way more.Build quality is decent, I did notice that the screen can bend when pressure is applied, but the screen itself is nice and crisp.Music and video play well, there are native apps for them, pretty neat out of the box.Whole presentation is clear, and clean I like it.The laptop worked with my keyboard/mouse combo through USB but I didnt like not using the new keys so reverted back to the laptop keyboard.Free 100gb from Google, Im a cloud person, and have transferred all my documents to Google Drive and Skydrive, so this works seamlessly for me. Love it.ConsI was really hoping this would be a primary computer replacement, alas I doubt it:1) I cant connect to my monitor, I purchased a HDMI to DVI adapter and there is no output.Major annoyance(I know Google is working on a fix though, along with extended desktop)2) Citrix receiver doesnt work properly and the .ica files can't open, big annoyance.3) If it doesnt work on my current monitor I doubt it would work on the Apple display I planned on purchasing.Otherwise it's great, Im planning on buying 1 more for generic use around the house.If I find answers to my Con list i'll update the review, or if someone has answers please reply.Update1: I checked the HDMI output to a TV and another Monitor and it worked pretty well, so im guess it's a problem with my monitor. A friend told me that extended desktop support is coming really soon. Also using HDMI to Display Port you can view the output on an Apple Display i cant confirm this though.
computer|This thing is unusable. The browser crashes every 10 to 15 minutes. I tried restoring to factory settings, but it made no difference. The first crash happened literally seconds after I turned it on. Don't expect any support from Google for their buggy operating system. There's no way to talk to anyone on the phone. You can email them and wait for days for a response. In my case, they recommended I delete my addons/extensions. I use a moderate number of extensions in my Chrome profile (things like adblock, a weather widget, Lastpass, a screen shot tool, etc). Nothing too crazy. I wasn't going to delete them because Google's unstable, bug-ridden operating system can't handle them. So I returned it.Don't expect smooth sailing from your Chromebook. Google is likely years away from putting out a stable Chrome OS. You also shouldn't expect any support from Google, who make no effort at communicating with customers. Samsung support is slightly better. But they can only resolve hardware issues. The awful operating system is all Google's fault.Update: Before I returned it today, I made one last attempt at fixing the browser crashes. I did a reset to the original factory settings. Then I opened a session in Guest mode. In this mode, there were no extraneous extensions, addons, plugins, or apps. I was running the OS exactly as Google released it. I browsed Google News for a miraculous 20 minutes. I thought all was well, but then it crashed again.To the people who find this review "unhelpful," I sincerely hope your experience with this product goes better than mine. Maybe my Chromebook is just a lemon. But if you search the web for Chromebook crashes, you'll find lots of discussions on Google product support as well as other forums. There are many users who share my frustration. It's disconcerting that Google and Samsung support can provide no other troubleshooting steps other than clearing cookies or performing a factory reset. Again, the core problem is a buggy OS that's not ready for prime time.Buyer beware.
computer|The Samsung Chromebook (Series 3 - late 2012) is a pretty great device, only if you can operate on the web alone. Offline capability is fairly weak, consisting of a few offline sync systems and limited media playback. The design is very sleek, the screen isn't amazing but it is a fairly high quality panel and 1366x768 @ 11.6" is a decent pixel density. Speakers are pretty mediocre, but I wasn't expecting much. The processor in this is ARM based, a Cortex-A15 PoP SoC, the Exynos 5250. This means that the processor is very efficient and the device is dead silent, requiring no fan. It's also very capable, all things considered. Videos and web browsing may not be as smooth as an iPad in many cases. All in all I feel like the hardware is a steal at $249, but Google wants you to live in their ecosystem. If you can't do that, it's probably not for you.Keyboard shortcuts are extremely helpful for getting around, but not necessary. There are lots of features to take advantage of, but it only took me a couple of minutes to set everything up the way I wanted. Much like Android 4.0+, it seems like the OS was designed to suit a power user, but at the same time be very friendly to a simple user of the device.
computer|Do you really need to spend $1,000 on a MacBook Air (and yes, I have one)? If you don't define yourself by a brand, then I think the answer is, maybe not.The differences? While the Chromebook may be plastic vs aluminum, the keyboard is very similar. I'm not a display snob so I find the Chromebook's screen fine. To use an automotive analogy, the Chromebook screen is more Nissan than Mercedes in quality, but it is incredibly functional. We use computers for email, research, bill pay and homework. All of those tasks can be done on the Chromebook very easily. Each person can have their own cloud account and personalized the experience simply by logging in. Writing and data entry is quite easy with the great keyboard. You can't do that on a tablet unless you buy a separate keyboard. You may find installed programs that reside on your MacBook Air that haven't yet been replicated on the web, but there aren't many.If you have tons of stuff on your hard drive, you'll have to train yourself that the hard-drive is now in the cloud. But heck, many of us have used Dropbox for years. I also have 4 back-up storage drives that I've used every time we moved stuff from one computer to the next. Now some of those are failing. The cloud solves storage more elegantly and effectively than an external hard drive.For email, I recently redirected our custom family email domain to Google, and find the Gmail interface with our custom email address quite fantastic.Another issue folks may face is music management. While Apple dominated that market for years, the cloud has changed the concept of music storage and play. Stream it on your phone or you computer from the cloud and get the music off your desktop. With Amazon Cloud Player and Google Play you can free yourself from the other expensive music options.I'm not bashing Apple, and working at a online software company I used them as an example of great design. I've also owned 8 Apple computers over the past 10 years. Yet, with the Chromebook you get a get a great cloud experience and can save the $800-1000 dollars. That will be a big market driver for a generation who find money somewhat tighter than in the past. It also seems like the perfect new category of computer for businesses that have employees doing sales, customer support, and order management.I'm impressed. The Chromebook is light, more functional than a tablet, less expensive than a laptop and easy to use. It's a Cloud-Powered "Laplet" (Laptop / Tablet).Update:After 5 months of constant use/abuse its running great. Still totally pleased.
computer|From the time this product was announced, I couldn't wait to get my hands on it. A laptop revolved around a web browser with 1000's of apps is a genius idea and to put at $250 price tag with it made it even better.The second I opened the box, the thin and light form factor for the 11.6" Chromebook really wowed me. It's clearly not built like a MacBook but it honestly looks really nice and feels solid. The keyboard feels very nice and I don't see any lag while typing. I also really enjoy the search, back, forward, full screen, and switch windows buttons built in to the keyboard. They're very useful. The screen looks good. It's not great but I still enjoy watching videos and movies on it. As you may have heard, the viewing angles aren't great. The colors get skewed if you're not right in front of the device, But how often are you going to be watching a movie at 60 degree angle? While were still in the hardware department, the trackpad feels nice but I wish it were better. I'm a very fast scroller and sometimes it doesnt keep up with me. There is a setting to make trackpad speed faster and that helped alot but it's still not perfect.The Chrome OS software is beautiful. It's everything you already have in Chrome on you're current computer but everything is integrated. The startup time is ridiculous and the ability to let your friends sign in to their account knowing they can't access your data is awesome. All browsing is smooth and effortless. There's an app or plugin for pretty much anything you would ever need. The Google Docs are a perfect alternate for Microsoft Office which I've been using for at least 5 years.Two problems I've faced that I really hope to see fixed asap is that there is no ability to upload music to Google Music and Xfinity TV online doesn't play. However, that is Xfinity's fault. It's not like there's a plugin that the Chromebook can't get, it's that Xfinity doesn't support this version of Google Chrome yet. The inability to upload music to Google Music is because Google wants you to buy everything on the Play Store but we know that's not going to happen. You can download music and listen to it on the device itself but I can't figure out a way to get it to Google Music yet.All in all, its a really awesome device that I think everyone should try. Save you're money, get a Chromebook and sweet tablet and you'll be all set.
computer|I really love my macbook air, and I seriously considered buying another one for my kids to use. Then this little guy showed up. I was sold when Engadget said it was 80% of the macbook air experience at a fraction of the price. I'd say it's more like 60% of the macbook air experience, but that's still an incredible deal for the price.Drawbacks:You can't print. You can set up google cloudprint but I haven't gotten it to work yet. You can't do anything that isn't inside a web browser. 95% of my computer usage is inside google chrome anyway, so that's not a huge deal for me as a second computer. You can't edit video or do anthing else that requires more than a simple file system and a web browser.Advantages:The keyboard and touchpad are near-mackbook quality. That makes them better than 70 percent of all laptops out there. Not a small thing. I love the two-finger scrolling which you can reverse so it works like a mac. Google calls it simple scrolling. There is two-finger right click too.The screen is fine. I wish I could put the bottom-of-the-screen launcher bar on the side of the screen to save precious vertical pixels.Interface is good. I set up separate user account for each of my kids. Not as smooth as a mac but smoother than windows 7.Build quality is better than your average laptop but not up to macbook standards. Considering the price it's amazingly well put together.Bottom line: For someone like me who spends most of my computer time in chrome for mac, this is a natural second computer. It would be great for a student computer. If you want to edit videos or do other things that don't work very well in a web browser you should look elsewhere.You could easily spend three times this much and get a computer with a lesser keyboard, lesser touchpad, and inferior build quality.
computer|The Chromebook.The 249 dollar price point has really made this thing really popular. I was one of the CR-48 (prototype versions of the Chrome OS) testers, and recently I had a chance to play around with both this Samsung version and the 199 dollar Acer C7 version. Since most of the reviews have already covered pretty much everything about this Chromebook, I'm going to do more of a comparison review for those wondering which Chromebook they should buy. Both these laptops run the same Chrome OS but there are some significant changes in their hardware which I'll get into.I know this is a long review so feel free to go to the end for a summary, or just check out the parts that you care most about. I've separated it into characteristics that most people will consider when they look at a laptop.DESIGN: Samsung wins this one: It's thinner by .3 inches, lighter by around half a pound. Yes, they're both made of plastic, but Samsung's Chromebook has better quality plastic, if that makes sense. It's more unified looking & just feels more pleasant to hold. Many have compared this one's design to a Macbook Air while comparing the Acer one to a typical Windows Netbook. If design is a heavy factor in your decision process, then definitely get the Samsung one.BATTERY LIFE: Winner - Samsung: It has almost double the battery life of the Acer laptop. (6.5 hrs vs 3.5 hrs)CUSTOMIZABILITY: Acer wins here: It's true, the Acer C7 is really like a netbook, which means it is easy to take apart and add your own stuff. If you're a tech geek and enjoy modifying your notebook, this one is for you. You can add more RAM, take out the battery, and swap out the hard drive for a SSD. Compare this to this Samsung version, where everything is pretty much sealed. You have to be happy with what you're given.PERFORMANCE: Acer wins here: Now I know this is strange--how could a cheaper notebook have a higher performance? Well if we compare both these Chromebooks through sheer performance power, the Intel Celeron processor in the Acer laptop actually outperforms the ARM based Samsung Exynos 5 processor in the Samsung Chromebook. This is because the Intel Celeron processor is actually a computer processor while the Samsung Exynos 5 is actually a processor designed for tablets. And even though the Exynos 5 is a processor found in high end tablets today (such as the Nexus 10), it's still not up to par with an actual computer processor. Another advantage the Acer has over the Samsung Chromebook is that since it's using an Intel chip, it can run things like Netflix (which, from the last time I checked, the Samsung Chromebook wasn't able to do). This is because the Netflix app on chrome hasn't been adapted to run on the ARM processor yet. This is after all, the first Chromebook to incorporate an ARM based processor.That being said, there are a couple of advantages with the Samsung Exynos 5. First, a tablet processor generates a LOT less heat than a computer processor (it's why tablets & all those mobile devices don't need a fan). Therefore, the Samsung Chromebook is completely silent when running. Also, the Exynos 5 uses less power than the Celeron, and it's one of the reasons why the Samsung Chromebook has such a nice battery life. Now, keep in mind that it's only a SLIGHT difference in terms of performance between these two processors. Most of us probably wouldn't notice much of a difference, but the Samsung Chromebook might stutter a tiny bit when rendering pages, etc.WEBCAM: Acer wins this one: The Acer C7 actually has a 1.3MP `HD' webcam compared to the VGA quality (.3MP) webcam of the Samsung Chromebook. If you do a lot of video chats you'll probably look a little better with a 1.3MP webcam. I can't call either of these cameras great though. One's just slightly better than the other.BOOT TIMES: Samsung wins this one: The SSD inside the Samsung Chromebook is just faster than the hard drive based Acer C7. Keep in mind that boot time (the time it takes to start your computer) is different from performance (the time it takes for the computer to process an action). If you're willing to do some work & spend around 50 dollars to buy a SSD to install on the Acer C7, you'll be able to match (and you might even beat) the boot time of the Samsung Chromebook. We're talking about a few seconds, so personally I don't consider this a big deal.KEYBOARD & TOUCH PAD: Samsung wins here: Like the overall design, the keyboard and touchpad of the Samsung is just better quality and more responsive, though I can type on both just fine. The Acer C7 has function keys though, if that matters for you.SCREEN: I can't really pick a winner for this one, because this really depends on what type of screen you prefer. The Samsung screen has a matte polish (easier to see while outside/easier on the eyes) while the Acer Chromebook is glossier (slightly brighter). They're both 1366x768 resolution. This is more of a personal preference.PRICE: Acer wins this one, just because it's cheaper by 50 dollars. As mentioned previously, the Acer C7 is 199 while the Samsung Chromebook is 249. As of this time of writing, the Samsung Chromebook is still sold out, while the Acer C7 is available on the Google Play store (It's more expensive on Amazon).PORTS: Acer wins here because it has two ports that the Samsung one doesn't have, and that's VGA and Ethernet. Samsung has a USB 3.0 which the Acer lacks, but I doubt many people are going to be doing a lot of heavy data transfer to an cloud based computer, so I'm not sure why that was included.==SUMMARY==To conclude, if you prefer elegant design, long battery life, portability, and fast boot times, the Samsung Chromebook is the one for you. If you prefer customizability, slightly better performance, and you're able to live with a kind-of-ugly looking computer and a 3.5 hour battery life, then go for the Acer C7. Neither of these Chromebooks are perfect, but they serve their purpose well enough, especially when considering the price. This is going to be a really hard choice for some (it certainly was for me!), but fortunately, both these computers are priced so low that you can't really make a wrong choice: it's a choice between two good options, kind of like choosing between Kit-Kats and Twix (everyone loves both right?!).The fact that this is such a hard choice is a testament to Google's hard work and how appealing the Chromebook line has become.-PS- I didn't actually review the OS because I think the other reviewers have done a solid job with that. If you do have any questions regarding the Chrome OS, I'll happily answer it. I do want to emphasize one thing that many reviewers have said, and that is to know the limitations of this OS before buying it. If you buy this 250 dollar Chromebook expecting a full-fledged laptop, you'll be sorely disappointed.
computer|I just got the new Chromebook from a nearby Bestbuy store and my first impressions are that this is an amazing value for 250 dollars. The build quality is well constructed, although it does not have the premium feeling a laptop like the Macbook Air. However, there is no flex to the machine and the keyboard/trackpad are top notch. The display does not have wide viewing angles, although this shouldn't be too much of a problem unless if it is just you using the laptop. The battery life so far has been impressive since with about four hours of use, it has gone done about 56 %. i will update this review after a couple more weeks of using it as my primary laptop. One concern I do have is the charger is not as durable as I would like and I am not sure how it will fair in long term use, but I will update this review if I experience any problems with it. As far as Chrome OS, I have used both the Mac operating system as well as Windows and I am quite pleased with the experiences I have had on my chromebook so far. Google docs, which comes preloaded on the Chromebook, is a fantastic substitute for Microsoft Word and it works well even if the computer is offline. Adobe flash is already installed on the computer and the performance is quite good for video watching and flash websites such as Amazon Instant Video. I would suggest downloading the application Adblock from the Chrome Web store because it will stop any flash ads from popping up, which I have generally found to decrease the performance of loading a website. Unless you are heavy gamer or do a lot of video/photo editing, I would highly recommend this product.
computer|I had bought the Samsung 550 (and have reviewed that too). I've been very happy with the 550, but when this new version was released at only $249 I couldn't resist buying it (I'm married to a geek, so you can never have too many gadgets around the house).Here's what I love about this laptop - it's incredibly thin and light. However when you use it it feels big - the keyboard is a full-size one (the keyboard on the 550 is great too, but this is better) and the trackpad is huge too for a laptop this size. An improvement over the previous version is the trackpad surface - it's very smooth (almost feels like glass)which makes scrolling a breeze. Overall, the hardware is great and it looks really good (especially for the price tag)I was not expecting any surprises with the software since my old 550 has the latest features (thanks to automatic updates). However I was pleasantly surprised by the speed of the new 550 - it boots up quickly, pages load really fast too and all in all it's great to use. There are also a few new add-ons that are an improvement as well - apps that create a Google Doc, Slide or Spreadsheet with one click, as well as a new Camera app that's a lot of fun. I hope Google releases these for my old 550 too.All in all, I'm very happy with this laptop and highly recommend it - great features and usability for an amazing price. A great Christmas gift idea!
computer|A review of the new $ 249 Google Chrome BookGoogle has introduced a new portable computer - they call it the perfect additional computer - and I see it as a paradigm shift in the role of a portable computing device.The new Samsung Chrome Book has an 11.6-inch full color display. It weights 2.42 lbs and is .7 inches thin. It has a battery life of over 6.5 hours and runs on a Samsung Dual processor with 100 GB of online Google Drive space. It features a web cam with USB and HDMI ports and is Bluetooth compatible. It runs the Chrome OS, which means it has Google apps built in, and is priced at $249.I think it's one of the most remarkable product introductions I've seen in my 35 years working in the PC industry.This new Chrome Book re-defines what a portable computer can do and how it can be used, and is completely based on the concept of Cloud Computing . It works right out of the box, has no moving parts, and has built-in anti-virus protection.Google has created a complete infrastructure for cloud computing; Google Chrome browser for surfing the web, Google email, online google docs application software compatible with MS Office apps, google drive to store whatever documents you want in the cloud, free downloadable apps such as google voice for phone calls and video conferencing with webcam, and dozens of other applications. And of course the Google Search Engine. All the software you need is in the Google Cloud.I've had 5 portable computers over the years and I bought each one to be an additional computer to my office computers. But now you don't need a bulky expensive laptop computer with a big hard disk and Microsoft Office installed on it.I had also bought an IPad as a possible new portable computing device. Trying to use my Ipad for email and type on the glass was maddening. I couldn't get it to print as I didn't have an Apple Airprint compatible printer, and I was shocked to learn that I could only buy music and media through Apple Itunes.I could easily print to any of my printers with the Chrome Book, it has a great real keyboard, and I can buy anything from anywhere - Amazon or whatever vendor I can get the best prices from.Placed side by side, The Macbook Air and The Google Chrome Book look almost like twins in design, keyboard and screen size.With the Chrome Book, I can surf the web, watch Youtube videos, play games, check my email, video chat, make free phone calls, and If I want to create a letter or a spreadsheet I just use Google docs and I can store them online in Google drive. If there are files on my main computers I want to be able to access with my Chrome Book, I can upload those files to my online Google drive, and be able to access and edit them.The new Samsung Chrome Book defines the new world of Cloud Computing and provides virtually everyone easy access to this world at an astoundingly low price. I also feel that many people could use this as their only computing device.For Raw Bytes, this is Frank DelaneyRaw Bytes Computer NewsKPBX Spokane Public Radio FM 91.1 National Public Radio
computer|This computer is not meant to be a desktop replacement. It is not for everyone, either, as Google's ad states. However, it is a computer that can be utilized by many people. I'll talk about the following aspects of the computer in this review: 1. Keyboard 2. Trackpad 3. Screen 4. Performance 5. What can people use it for in general? 6. Price, build quality and wrap-up1. The keyboard on this computer is absolutely marvelous. As you may have guessed, I'm using it to type this review. The keys are spaced very evenly, and there is a reassuring *click* that makes old mechanical keyboards look like dinosaurs. One minor detail many people will notice: there seems to be no Caps Lock here. It has been replaced by a search key. However, Google is quick to tell us that we can still access the key by pressing Alt-Search. Also, no number pad, but computers of this size can't really have them due to space constraints.2. I will always keep my mouse handy because I'm not much of a trackpad person. However, that's not to say that I'm going to do you readers a disservice and not review an important aspect of the Chromebook. This trackpad parallels the one on my dad's MacBook Air. In case that's not clear, it is the best trackpad you will get at this price point (more on that later). Suffice it to say that using it is a fluid experience that will leave all but the pickiest among us satisfied.3. This is a 1366 x 768 matte screen. What does this mean for consumers? Let's just say it's not the best screen out there. For that, one must look no further than an iPad 4 or a Nexus 10 (both are more expensive). Once again, it's a matte screen (for more on that, look up matte vs. glossy screens on Google, Yahoo, or Bing). No dead pixels so far, videos are fine, but remember that this is a relatively small screen, so it may well be hard on your eyes. I myself am 18 years old and have decent vision, but some who will consider this should be aware that it is imperative to try to go to a local Best Buy and use it for several minutes. Rest assured, however, that the display on this computer is great for what it's supposed to be.4. This may well be the most important section for some of us, myself included. This computer has what's called an ARM processor. It is one of the most powerful ARM processors currently available for consumers. These processors mean no fans, no noise, but possibly worsened performance. Let's look at all three of those points: it is true that there are no fans or hard drives or other moving parts of any kind in this device, and it really doesn't make any noise. As for actual performance, with just 2 GB of RAM advertised, and probably less actually available for the user, try not to open more than roughly eight to ten tabs at once. I'll be more specific: if YouTube is running, music will be choppy almost all the time if anything, and I mean anything, is loading. If Google can fix this through one of their every-six-weeks software updates, then great, but if not, know that this is what you get at such a low price point. Oh, and by the way, as for games, your mileage may vary. What I mean is that you can go ahead and try to play your favorite browser-based games, but some games will run slowly, while others will run smoothly. If you wanna play chess on the Chromebook, be my guest; I doubt it'll lag.5. Also an important section, obviously. Chromebooks are not for everyone, as I noted before. Let's review what you can and can't do here first: you CAN create documents, slideshows, spreadsheets, and even forms that can be posted online for others to fill out (awesome feature by the way, try Google Forms, even if you don't have a Chromebook). You CAN have a calendar here with appointments and all that jazz (Google Calendar), and you CAN have reminders as well. You CAN do many things even when there is no Internet connection: documents, slideshows, spreadsheets, music, MOVIES (not YouTube videos), games that support offline play, among other things. I think it's adequate to say that Chromebooks have come a long way in terms of being able to use them offline. Moving along, you CAN'T play any games that are not in the browser (examples are World of Warcraft, Guild Wars 2, etc). You CAN'T use Skype, Facetime, Photoshop, or any program that has no browser mode. Off the top of my head, some more prominent examples of this include writing code for computer programs, but if that's what you do, then you probably already knew that.6. It only costs $249 plus applicable taxes. I think that this is great. Half the price of the iPad but it can do everything that the iPad can, and it has a larger screen and a keyboard to boot (it is a laptop, after all). Also, let's not forget that this device looks almost like a MacBook Air. It's thin, light, and sleek (boy, are those words overused). It looks great in my eyes. Sure, the iPad has a much, much, sharper screen, but it's more expensive. This is the perfect workhorse/plaything/do-it-all-except-non-browser-stuff device. I'd say buy it, but before you do, do what I did: try to justify it to yourself. Don't say, "Do I want/need this device?" Instead, say, "Will I use this device for enough things to justify buying it?" The price point is low enough that many of you could do no wrong in buying the Chromebook, so go out and get one if it'll be useful to you.
computer|(since this Chromebook was sold out on Amazon, I bought it at my local Best Buy)Here are my initial thoughts:Starting it up was a breeze. The computer had to update the system, which only took a few minutes. I then signed in to my google account and I had all my emails, documents, and music waiting for me in the cloud. It is as simple as they advertise it to be.THE HARDWARE:First thing you notice: It is so light! Absolutely perfect for traveling. I was very impressed with how smoothly the laptop opened. It opens and closes very fluidly - a problem I've had with previous laptops. The keyboard is a dream to type on. It exactly mirrors that of a Mac keyboard - both in looks and in overall feel. I bought this laptop primarily for writing, so this was a huge deal for me. The trackpad is okay. Multi-touch works fine. The size of the trackpad is great. The problem: when you 'click' on the trackpad it makes an unusually loud noise. I've had to learn to tap-to-click just to avoid the noise.As another reviewer pointed out: there is 'give' on the edge of the palm-rest. If pressure is applied to the area right of the trackpad a slight clicking noise occurs. It is not a major problem, but it does show a minor flaw in the build quality.The speakers on this device are rather poor. The bass sounds muffled and the higher-pitched audio sounds tinny. Part of the reason they sound like this is because the speakers are located on the bottom of the device...however, they sound poor mostly because they are cheap speakers. Thankfully, the Chromebook comes with a headphone jack.The screen is nothing incredible, but for the price, it works perfectly. Hi-Def youtube videos look very Hi-Def. Pictures look vibrant. The matte display makes it easy to work in high light. It's definitely not retina-display quality, but again, for the price it's quite good. The webcam is awful. It lags, the picture quality is terrible. To me, the webcam itself seems unnecessary. The 6.5 hours of battery life is relatively correct. I wish that the battery lasted longer, yet, as with most of my complaints, given the price it is completely understandable. The computer barely gets warm. I've had laptops get so hot that they melt the plastic and yes, I had to put the computer ON ICE! The Chromebook has no moving parts, thus no fan, thus it stays very cool and quiet.THE 'SOFTWARE':Being my first Chromebook I was wary of an OS that was primarily based around the web. But thus far, I've found that it's nothing too different from a regular computer, just that your hard-drive is in the cloud. The 'Cloud' does concern me, however. There are privacy issues and security concerns that linger in the back of my mind. I'm hopeful that Google will continue to follow its 'Don't Be Evil' slogan AND that they make sure the cloud stays secure.And to the people saying that you can't do anything offline with this Chromebook: there are 16gb of space on this computer solely for offline activity. You can take movies, photos, documents, music on the go and play/edit them without needing a web connection. There are a slew of offline programs in the ChromeStore.The interface is exactly what I have been looking for in a computer for years: a smooth, uncluttered, and simple UI that looks nice. I hate files on the desktop and a menu-bar on the top or bottom of the screen. ChromeOS is elegantly simple and allows you the ability to keep everything perfectly organized and clean.There is a drawback to the simplicity: google's offline music app is TOO simple. I would love a designated program that is devoted to organizing my media files located on the 16gb hard-drive. I hope this feature is included in future updates.*If anyone from Google reads this: There is no way to get rid of the 'For quick access, place your bookmarks here...' box on the 'new tabs' page. I don't use bookmarks, and I find the box to completely interfere with the simple look of the interface. Please find a way for us to remove this bar*FINAL THOUGHTS:Overall, for the price, this is an incredible computer. The hardware is far more than what you'd expect for $250. The keyboard is wonderful, the trackpad and screen are nice. The OS is simple yet powerful. This computer is not meant to be a replacement for a tablet or a primary computer. This is a computer for people who want a simple OS, a physical keyboard, all at a nice price. It is perfect for web browsing, emailing, and writing documents. It suits my needs perfectly. If Google/Samsung continue to make top-quality products like this I will surely stay a loyal customer to them.5/5UPDATE (11/13/12):I've noticed, in the last few days, a lag in the speed of the chromebook. When I first got this chromebook the internet was lightning fast - now, even after I shut it down and restart it, it is very slow. I was hoping this was just a problem with my internet, but the internet is still lightning fast on my imac. Also, it is starting to get slow when I open documents.The battery life is very consistent, 6-6 1/2 hours of time is enough for two or three days of casual web browsing and writing.I LOVE the cloud: I'm still grateful that I can open a doc in the chromebook, and see that very same document on my iphone and/or imac in seconds. I'm still bummed that the onboard music 'app' is so bare-bones. It's irritating when you're away from your internet and you have to rely on the 'folders' app for music organization. I watched an Mpeg-4 movie (located on an SD card): Every 4 seconds the video seemed to speed up and then slow back down to normal speed. It's a very odd glitch that I hope was remote to just that one file (though when played on my imac it did not have this problem).I'm keeping my review at 5 stars because this is still one very powerful computer for the price. It's simple to use, fun to have around when watching television, great to travel with.
computer|I have purchased many, many, many things from Amazon however this is my first time I have placed a review.I will make this short.This machine is amazing for $249.The keyboard is the best keyboard I have ever used.The touchpad is awesome.The speakers are loud. Not what an audiophile would appreciate however my 3 year old can hear his youtube stuff in a room with other noise.I like to use multiple browser windows versus a single browser window with mutilple tabs. I have 10 windows open with each having maybe 2 to 4 related tabs and I have no slow down at all.The quality is very good and solid.The screen is plenty bright.This thing is a crazy good deal.
computer|Although it took a little getting used to, I have quickly become attached to my Chromebook. I use my Mac for hours every day for work, and of course it is my favorite. My Chromebook however, has quickly become my "anything but design or coding" computer. I've had no issue with the lack of native apps or programs, as I can quickly pop open Chrome Remote Desktop and have my Mac in full screen.The keyboard is fantastic, and feels very familiar to anyone using a modern Apple keyboard. It's very thin, fast, light, and sturdy. The screen is not the best, but it is certainly not bad either.For the price, this will be one of your most redeeming impulse buys ever.
computer|---------------------------------------------------------------(Update: 2-12-2013)I hope everyone knows that I am not a complete idiot in saying this is a Quad-core.I know it is supposed to be a Dual-core. However, when I view the system detail on Ubuntu, it says ?????x4, which means "Quadcore." So I'm not sure which one is right.But I decided to stick with what my notebook tells me.Also, it turned out what I installed was Chrubuntu, made specific for chromebooks.Everything works very well, except for speaker which has an easy fix. (Please, read also the comments.)---------------------------------------------------------------It seems this whole thing is very misleading, because this notebook should come as something quite revolutionary, but Samsung does it very quietly, and humbly, by releasing this system with a very cheap pricetag and without any advertisement. Not to stir the water I guess? :)Anyway, as a satisfied Samsung Series 9(made of duraluminium and expensive with SSD) user, I wrote a review saying "I wished Samsung would make ARM-based notebook" in the past, because even with SSD it came short of being "ideal" package due to it having to cool mechanically the Intel-based chip, which still made fan-noises. Well, 1.5 years later, this is my dream come true; and a quad-core chip at that!! :) This is a revolutionary stuff in computing.I'm involved in particle physics research, in which vast majority scientists use linux-based systems. So, as soon as I received this chromebook, I brought "Ubuntu Reformation" on it. (No "95-thesis" though.) It does everything I need for my research. It's blazingly fast. A wonderful system for a research guy like me. (There are many wonderful video instructions available on youtube for installing ubuntu.)There, however, is one thing that didn't work, which most customers could just simply ignore and is not the system's fault. There is a math analysis tool called "ROOT" developed by CERN scientists, and used widely by many particle physicists out there. Well, I wanted to build the ROOT from source code, and it gives me options for "linuxarm" architecture. It compiled successfully, but it just won't run, and freeze at the startup.I wish someone from Samsung community and from CERN community could sit together and resolve the compatibility issues. This system would do wonders for the CERN scientists, I'm sure.PROS1. No moving mechanical parts, such as hard-drives or cooling fans, which means it is absolutely quiet.(If you are a student, this could be a huge plus in a classroom, because your notebook doesn't make noises like your classmate's, which means your professsors are less annoyed by notebook noises, which could means he/she could give you better grades.:))2. Screen: Although it seems somewhat "washed-out," I actually like it, because it hardly gives strain on my eyes. It's actually more like glittery washed-out, if you will. (Maybe that's why the system was intentionally designed that way?) For guys like me who have to look it computer monitors all the time, this is very important. How should I say it..., it gives me a clean feeling to look at the screen.3. Quad-Core Exynos chip: It's a wonder! It makes me think that maybe all the microprocessors are supposed to be made this way from the getgo... maybe its the other articheture brands unable to produce their chips less dissipative, having to require customers to attach huge cooling fans, thereby neccesitating another industry (cooling fans) unneccesarily; only that it asks the customers to pay for their failure. Too much conspiracy theory? O well, if you know anything about solid-state physics, you know it is a major challenge to create a microchip less dissipative of heat. Anyway, one thing for sure, I guess Samsung engineers had figured out how. And it is amazing.4. Very affordable. Light and slim.5. No headache due to fan-noises. I might be overly sensitive, but I get headaches from computer fan-noises. Whenever I turn off my other ntebook computers, I instantly feels stability in my soul. It's that bad. So this noebook is also medically - and psychologically - commendable.5. Solide performance: It feels solid and fast.6. The temperature gets ony to "warm"-level at times when I watch youtube; otherwise, no heat coming from this notebook.CONS1. This is coming from using UBUNTU. You must "unmute" speaker every time you reboot. (To do so, you open the terminal and type "alsamixer" and unmute by pressing "m" at the speaker bar.) But this is no problem for me, because I only reboot once in a full moon.2. I tried to access this system(UBUNTU, not ChromeOS) through SSH command from my desktop computer, Well, not that it's slow, but it seems a little jerky, not smooth. But if it is the other way around, meaning you access other machine using from this notebook through SSH, then it is no problem. (Maybe still some more compatibility issue to work out?)3. For ChromeOS, skype doesn't work. But I've read somewhere that they are working on it.4. I wished there was a microSD slot, instead of a regular SD card slot. Also the SD card sticks out. Maybe they could have made the bay a little deeper.CONCLUSION: I only write reviews for which I can give 5 stars. So here it is. This chromebook by Samsung is a wonder. Do not be deceived by how Samsung released it with such a cheap pricetag, a "stealth technology" sort in marketing strategy I guess, because this is nothing short of a revolution IMHO.
computer|***Updates To My Review At The End***My background: I'm a gadget geek but I'm not super devoted to any platform. I do love Google's web products but never used their hardware. My laptop is a 13" MacBook Pro and my desktop is a Mac Mini that runs both OS X and Windows 7 (I spend more time on Win 7 these days). I have an iPad (3rd gen) and Motorola Droid Razr Maxx along with a docking station. My wife has a Win 7 ultrabook, Kindle Fire HD and Razr Maxx, all of which I purchased for her.I'm an editor for a web-based publication so my usage is primarily writing and some light (very light) image editing. I've done most of my writing on Google Docs for a long time because it automatically saves and I hate writing directly into the CMS. We also use Google Apps Business for e-mail, calendaring and doc sharing so that rocks.The last thing I need is another computer but Chromebook called to me. A couple of reasons:- The docking solution wasn't great. The keyboard was crap, my phone got unusually hot and interacting with the CMS was hit and miss with the phone OS. It was good for e-mails.- An iPad with a keyboard is garbage. I've tried it and hit the same issues. It is just clumsy for my primary work. I still travel with an iPad because it is light and its battery is a rockstar and can do in a pinch.- The laptop is fine but it is a beast to carry. I just got back from a week-long jaunt to three conferences and I think my shoulder is broken from my shoulder bag.- I love my phone and tethering has been a lifesaver. No complaints.Okay, enough background. Now to the actual review.Unboxing wasn't particularly impressive but I don't really care. Standard laptop box with the laptop, an AC adapter and Chrome sticker. I plugged it in and it was at about 75%. Now about an hour later, it is nearly charged.When I pulled it out of the box, it almost felt like a laptop that didn't have a battery in it (remember that?). Anyway, it feels solid closed up. I don't have any problem throwing this in my engineer's bag and feeling like it will get screwed up. The AC adapter is your standard black box with two cords.I opened up the lid and it started immediately. It asked me to connect to my wifi connection and then proceeded to download the latest update of the operating system (version 23 according to the info in Chrome). After a quick reboot, I put in my Google credentials and it loaded everything I use in my Chrome browser normally, including my apps and bookmarks.Opened up, the build quality showed a few weaknesses but nothing major. There's a little give on the keyboard and palm rest. I didn't feel any problems holding the laptop from its corner. It feels very solid overall. The thing to remember, of course, is that I came from a unibody MacBook Pro so take that for what it is worth.The keyboard blew my expectations away. I figured it would be fairly cramped and that my typing speed would suffer. I figured the action wouldn't be very good either. But, coming from a MacBook Pro chiclet keyboard to this was a cinch. I feel very little difference in typing speed or accuracy. This was really a big deal for me. I tried the HP Mini a few years ago and it was awful. A few millimeter difference is it.The trackpad is very good though not as top notch of a comparison as the keyboard. It is very Mac-like in using it. The two finger swipe gestures, right-clicking, dragging, etc... it all operated like I expected. I'm a tapper, not a clicker so that may have something to do with it. It doesn't seem like it is quite as accurate or response as the MacBook Pro but still very good.The screen isn't great but it isn't a dealbreaker. For text, it performs adequately but not spectacularly. For video, it is quite adequate, maybe above average but again, not fantastic. The screen brightness isn't what it could be, I feel like it is a tick or two off what should be standard brightness. But, I am also used to glossy screens and even with the brightness, the matte screen seems to do okay. I work right next to south-facing windows and even though we have no sun here in Seattle, it gets fairly bright and it seems good in these conditions. The viewing angles aren't going to impress anyone but it works for me.The speakers seem to be pretty good and loud enough. They are optimal for use on a desk rather than a lap though as the sound gets muffled a bit by clothing. I put on Pandora One and the sound through my nice $100 studio headphones sounds pretty good with the top volume topping out just right. Using my Apple headphone/mic combo, it worked well in a hangout. One thing is that the headphone jack seems very tight.I hit my first snag when I tried to do HDMI out. It didn't seem to work. Then I read a bit more and got it to work with the Ctrl+Full Screen and that seemed to do it. Depending on your monitor, your results may vary. It actually looked great on my LCD TV (including sound) but the resolution needs to be adjusted. It didn't look good (ironically) on my Samsung 21 inch monitor. There might be some settings I'm missing on either side but it's not a huge deal. Testing the video on the 1920x1080 HDTV, it worked great other than the overscanning.The camera is something that Monet would appreciate. You'll get the gist of it but this is no HD cam. It is good for basic pictures and compares unfavorably to the front-facing camera on my Droid Razr Maxx.After an hour of use off the charger, the heat situation is non-existent. This thing is creepily quiet and cool to the touch except for a few warmer spots. I will end up watching a movie to see how it reacts but that would be a nice change. Even my iPad gets warmer.I had no opportunity to try out the bluetooth or the SD card reader. I will be getting a 32 GB SD card. I did try out a USB drive and it seems to be working just fine.Getting into the software and how it drives on the ARM processor, I was pretty impressed. I opened about 18 tabs (which is well beyond my max, typically) and I had Pandora running in the background the entire time and didn't get a stutter. At times, the load was sluggish but again, I am switching between this and a MacBook Pro with 8GB of RAM and a dual-core i5. But I really expected this to be flawless when using the web. As long as you don't go crazy with tabs or the apps you are driving in them, you should be good.Watching videos, outside of the screen quality, was really quite smooth. From someone who bought the original Kindle Fire and saw it stumble with streaming video for just $50 less, I was super-impressed. I don't know if power-users will love it but it works with my slightly-lowered expectations.That being said, this is a web enabled device and there are a few (very few) apps that I use regularly.My stand-alone apps that I use regularly is chat (Google and AIM) and Tweetdeck. Both Tweetdeck and imo seem to work pretty good in a browser. If anyone has any suggestions, let me know.I also know that Skype doesn't work great right now. I am using it through imo but, at least as far as I can tell, I can't make dial-out calls like the Skype app allows on all of my other devices. This, including no support for a USB headset, would make it tough to make this a full-time replacement. I live on Skype as a dial-out provider (Google dial-out will not allow me to use certain conference call providers plus Skype is great for connecting with people worldwide with ease). I'm hoping a promised webapp version is coming soon. On the plus side, Skype works great on my cell and iPad.I turned off the wifi connection and it worked liked it should. You need to turn on offline mode in Gmail and Google Drive in order for it to work but after that, it worked like it always has. Games that I had loaded for offline mode worked. Offline, this is a pretty limited machine but not unduly so.Chrome remote desktop worked particularly well. Granted, I was using it on the same network but there was no lag on the software side of using it. I was, again, thoroughly impressed with the graphics. Though, one thing would be to allow me to select which screen I view when I am using a dual-display.I'm looking forward to Netflix capability but that's not ultra-critical right now for me. Amazon Instant works well for me, as does Hulu.I'm taking only this when I go on an extended trip this weekend so I can update more on real battery life and any other real-world experiences of using it later.Overall, this is what I expected and I am pretty happy with the purchase, especially as one of my first sight-unseen types of purchase. For my uses as a primary road writing device for blog posts and e-mails, this is a solid, solid play. And for $250, it's pretty unbelievable. All of this typed into the new Chromebook as well at my normal rate.== UPDATE 10/28/2012 ==Just took this thing on a weekend away without bringing my laptop. This is a big deal as even if I took my iPad, I would normally take my laptop as well. A couple of additional thoughts from 72 hours as my primary computer.I did end up getting a SD Card (a 32 GB one from Amazon) and putting it in the SD card slot. Unfortunately, it sticks out from the side pretty well (about a centimeter looking straight down on it). I loaded it with a few movies and some music so I would have some tunes and movies for offline. The player works fine but is very basic. Other than wishing the SD card would seat all the way in, it is a good setup for leisurely watching movies solo.I also did some extended work while my wife was driving. I typed two articles and I can't emphasize enough how good of quality this keyboard is. Even working it off of my lap, it performed beyond its price point.I typed those articles offline and using Google Docs offline worked as expected. When I reconnected, my documents synced up no problem. This worked exactly like it had on my MacBook Pro whenever I took it on a flight without wifi so no surprises there.Under normal use, the battery is probably going to be right there in the 6.5 hour range. Google could have pushed this spec. Working offline with the screen brightness at 50%, I was able to squeeze a little over 2 hours into 25% of battery life.Speaking of brightness, the ambient light sensor works pretty well. Maybe a little too good in the car as it would dim slightly as we went under overpasses on the freeway.The other thing I wanted to do is try out the some games. I played Angry Birds because I could compare it across all devices and the Chromebook is definitely lagging in performance. It was just a step behind and could be a bit choppy. I also tried the most popular game Entanglement and it seemed to perform well though it is simple. I also did a fantasy basketball draft on Yahoo sports and it was also a step behind.I'll also mention that the first time I loaded up Entanglement was the first time the Chromebook crashed on me. I don't imagine it will happen that often but the nice thing is that it recovered everything I had up in about 20 seconds. Also, it is the first time I noticed heat of any kind coming from the laptop at all. Not unusually hot but it will warm up some when going graphics and CPU intensive.In any case, I stand by my 4 star review. Even with some minor performance issues and a few smaller issues with quality, this is still an excellent purchase. An improved screen and battery life would make it easier to look past the sometimes-lagging performance. I won't be getting rid of my MacBook Pro but I am looking forward to taking this thing on the road and getting a good chunk of the functionality without the weight.== UPDATE 11/20/2012 ==After about a month more with regular usage, a couple more notes.After awhile, the Chromebook does warm up but not significantly. Again, I'm comparing this to other laptops. And really, you shouldn't be using a laptop on your lap anyway but some situations require it.Closing the screen instantly puts it to sleep but I definitely have found that you can't keep just putting this thing to sleep time after time and not expect any lag. Eventually, something I loaded would make the Chromebook freeze and I'd have to restart. I've learned to simply shut this computer down rather than close the lid and let it sleep. With near instant boot time, it's not a big deal but that's definitely a change.The keyboard on this thing is still a rockstar. Using it in poorly lit situations make me long for a bit of backlighting but I am really a touch typer at this point so it only slows me down when I am realigning my hands.No degradation in performance. I've watched probably 6-7 ripped movies on this thing with no problems and no internet connection. Looking forward to taking this to my in-laws for Thanksgiving instead of my MacBook Pro.== UPDATE 03/09/2013 ==I haven't updated in awhile so I thought I would. I still use the Chromebook on a regular basis and thanks to the regular updates to the system, this version of the Chromebook now has swap enabled (at least in the beta channel). For those unfamiliar, previously when the Chromebook would run out of physical RAM, it would just start dumping inactive tabs (so it would require a refresh). It would, at times, get a bit laggy with too many tabs open.With swap enabled, once you hit the top of your RAM usage, it starts using the hard drive as RAM. This means limited to no inactive tabs being dumped (I haven't seen one yet) and overall, faster usage under heavy workloads (10+ tabs).In short, this computer has actually gotten faster and better since my last update.A couple of issues still exist. Netflix still doesn't work. I've contacted Netflix and they say they are working on it. They've been saying the same for months though. Every other streaming service works (including Amazon Prime, Hulu and Comcast's streaming). If Netflix is a must and you don't have an alternative device (I use an iPad mini for it if I really need it), I wouldn't bet on this coming through anymore.I would like to see more gestures using the trackpad as well, The two finger scrolling is nice but the three finger nav (especially for back) helps a lot. I can use the keyboard back button too, yes. But switching between using a Mac and the Chromebook makes it especially unnatural. More gestures!There is a little bit of wear on the palm rests and some dings but nothing major as of yet. This thing still is great for writing (which is my primary use for it). It is so great and lightweight so it is easy to throw in a small bag for a day trip.Overall, still very happy and it is even better with the speed and stability improvements with swap enabled.== UPDATE 03/11/2013 ==Just a quick update since I just updated but Netflix now works. I've tried it and it has been confirmed by many other users. Again, this has been a big ding against both Netflix and Google for not figuring this out but now it is working.
computer|I'm a student. I need something to carry around that I won't worry about losing, breaking, or someone stealing. I won't bring my Apple laptop to school due to theft increases lately. On that note, I wanted something for web browsing, typing papers in the library egg chairs and had a keyboard/trackpad combo. I found it.This is not for a poweruser. Don't fool yourselves, people. It's a tablet on steroids. Get that through your head when you purchase and use it. If you have any other expectations like some of the reviewers, well, you're honestly not the target audience. It's meant to be light and cost affordable. Sure, the screen isn't high resolution and it lacks expandable RAM and HD space. That's NOT what this computer is.I've had the computer for a few days now and I love it. It's not super fast by any means; however, it gets the job done in regards to web browsing, finding papers for literature reviews and listening to rdio or Pandora. That's what I need this for. And most likely the average consumer. Face it, most college students buy $1000 Macbooks to look cool. For what? To facebook, stream music, and browse the web. Most people who do photo editing buy the 15" models with maxed out specs (like me). I don't want to bring that to campus. That's too much money to be slinging in my bag to just browse the web.So, let me be clear. This laptop is excellent. The build quality is amazing for the price. Build quality is great of which I was surprised. The keyboard reminds me of the Macbook and the track-pad keeps up with my fast paced motions quite well. It's light and I can have four to five tabs open running different processes at ease. It does like to stutter when I do multiple things with a video running though. Expected for a tablet processor though. It keeps cool and charged for a days use. The front camera is great for chatting.I will admit, this little computer will replace your daily use computer you lug around currently. I used the Chrome Remote Desktop today on campus and was amazed at the speed and ease. I was using my Macbook at home on campus without any hiccups like I experience with Logmein or those other clients. Accessing the 100GB of free storage was as simple as clicking a link. My music, documents and life are on the cloud. I can access them with ease. Printing is no problem for me, either.This little beast will surprise you. Although, please, don't expect the world from this laptop. It's $250, folks.P.S. I typed this from the Chromebook. No problems handling my typing speed. And ask questions if you need them answered.UPDATE 11/24:I've been using this for a good while now and I haven't had any regrets. The computer does what I need, when I want and I only miss running Netflix at school. That's ok though, I have other avenues for watching movies. They do plan on updating and that's a problem with Netflix, not Google. Printing is simple as it seems to be a very common question. To clicks on your computer and you're done. They have been updating the OS and the Chromebook is acting a little better now. Overall, I'm still loving it. Just remember, it's NOT for everyone.UPDATE 02/06/13:I love this computer. It is all I use around campus and for class lectures. I barely use Microsoft Office for my notes or spreadsheets in class. Google Drive and their office version is just awesome. If you do a lot of team-based activities, please, just use Google Drive. Keep your documents available to you at all times and collaboration is simple. It has made my life much easier. Just thought I'd let you all know.UPDATE 04/11/13:Netflix now works!
computer|I'm based in the UK and bought my unit there. However, physically this model is nearly identical to ours (to my knowledge only the keyboard layout and socket you need for charging it differs) and I've been using Chrome OS and previous Chrome hardware for a while, so I thought I'd give my take on this device.I've owned the Cr-48 for a while, which was a kind of test unit Google sent out to people to beta test the operating system. That came out a long time ago and none of the commercial units have felt good enough to me to justify buying, up until now. They were always a little too expensive, despite the obvious advantages.This will be a long review. For those wanting a short summary, I'll include one at the end.The softwareFor those unclear, Chrome OS (which the Chromebook runs) is fundamentally different to a Windows, Mac or Linux-based laptop, desktop or netbook. This is because it runs the web. No native applications exist specifically for this machine. There are apps (sometimes referred to as Chrome apps) but they also work in the Chrome browser.Because this computer runs what many call 'just a browser' it has several advantages, as well as disadvantages when compared to a Windows machine. I've chosen Windows for most comparisons here as more people typically use Windows than a Mac or Linux machine.SecurityYou cannot install Windows applications (or other native software) on Chrome OS. This means that the computer can operate more securely than a Windows machine simply because the computer knows what should be installed. If something is there that shouldn't be there, the computer will erase all local data and install a version of the software that's stored in a secure area. Once you're connected to the internet, you'll be updated to the most recent version of the operating system. As your settings, bookmarks and Chrome applications are stored by Google, they are also restored after the machine is reset and you log in. Typically the operating system is updated every 6 weeks, meaning bugs get fixed pretty quickly (important bug fixes will arrive more quickly) and new features are released quickly, too.Getting things doneThis is where the big problem is for some people; you can't install Microsoft Office, Adobe's Photoshop or other software packages. You're limited to software that's delivered through a website. Most people are perfectly comfortable with using things like Facebook, Twitter and email this way. The web offers some pretty powerful tools, though. For instance, pretty sophisticated image editing software exists on-line, as do audio and video editing tools. Using the massive resources of the internet (typically referred to as 'the cloud') means that video editing and other resource-intensive tasks can be made dramatically quicker than doing it locally. Make no mistake though, if you do need something like Photoshop it's just not possible, unless you use software specifically designed to deliver 'normal' software through the web. Companies like Citrix offer products that can do that, but given the additional cost, it's usually only big businesses that use them.If you don't need extremely-specialised software though, there's a lot available. Google, Zoho and Microsoft all offer tools that will let you create, open and export documents in popular formats, such as Microsoft Office. There are advantages to this approach, too. Google Docs (as an example) allows individuals to use their on-line document, spreadsheet and presentation software free of charge and, even better, you can collaborate with up to 50 people on the same document, practically in real-time. This sort of thing just isn't typically possible with traditional software. Where it is, it's likely to be clunkier than a web-based tool as a website just lets you login and work.Calendars, Angry Birds, finance tools (Sage and QuickBooks are available through the browser) are all also available in this way. It's worth checking out if the things you'll want to do are available in this way before ordering a Chromebook.There are also many off-line capable applications. That is, things that will work without an internet connection. These include Google Documents (editing and viewing) Google Docs spreadsheets (viewing) and things like Google Calendar. Keep in mind though that this is primarily a device for accessing the internet. Without a connection, this device is extremely-limited. Applications delivered through a browser will get more and more capable over time, though.Other drawbacksAs I've said, not everything is available through a browser. Critical things that people take for granted either aren't available or are very different on a Chromebook.It's not possible to watch AVI or MKV video files (at the time this was written) for example, without converting them. That's a big pain for some. Printing is different too, as you can't just plugin a printer on Chrome OS and have it work. For those that are curious, Google has a service called Cloud Print, which involves hooking up your printer to the internet. This approach does have an advantage in that you're able to print to your printer from anywhere with an internet connection, either from a mobile device or any installation of Chrome. For those without a printer that can connect to the internet independently of a regular computer, you can enable a normal printer by installing Chrome on a Windows machine and running it that way.StorageA key thing about Chromebooks is that they come with a 16GB hard drive. This is considered very low by modern standards as a typical Windows machine will come with a minimum of 500GB and often far more.Google Drive is Google's solution for this. Essentially, Google Drive is on-line storage. It stores files from Google Docs and will store pretty much any type of file, too. A key thing is that it integrates with the file system, meaning you can save files directly to your account (Drive can be used on Windows and other computers, as well as Android and iOS devices) and access them from whichever device you're using.By default, Drive comes with 5GB of storage. This isn't a huge amount, but for free on-line storage it's pretty typical. Many other services actually offer much less. However, if you buy a Chromebook you get 100GB free for two years, which is very useful given that it can be used across many devices. If after two years you're using more than whatever the normal free allowance is at that point (things do change) and you've not qualified for some other promotion, you'll no longer be able to add new files. Your existing data will be accessible, meaning files will not be deleted.Another great thing about Drive is that files can be shared with others. Google Docs files are not counted towards your storage.Again, it's worth noting that other great on-line storage solutions exist, such as Dropbox and Box. The difference of course is that they're not tightly-integrated with the Chromebook.Hardware (general)This new Chromebook is running on an ARM chip, the type of processor you'd typically find in a mobile phone or tablet. That may sound slow given the demands of a typical Windows machine, but it's very quick. It boots in around 7 seconds (it feels more like 5 as the logo is on the screen almost as soon as you open the lid) and you can be on-line with your normal tabs open in under 30 seconds with ease. The keyboard is extremely responsive and many professional reviewers have remarked that it's the best that's ever been on a Chromebook, which includes the much more expensive Samsung Series 5 550 machine. The trackpad, too, is very good indeed.The machine is extremely responsive due to it needing very few resources to operate. If you attempt to run 20+ tabs, yes, it will slow down a whole lot. But if, like most typical users, you use this for email, Facebook and the like, you should have no performance issues. Depending on your usage, the stated 6.5 hours of battery life are very close. In fact I'd suggest that you'd get more, depending on screen brightness etc.Other hardwareOn this particular unit you'll find one USB 2.0 port, one USB 3.0 port, HDMI out (for putting what's on your screen on a bigger screen, like a computer monitor or TV) and an SD card reader. External USB hard drives work fine in my experience and many phones are treated properly as mass storage too. However certain devices such as external optical (CD/DVD) drives will not work at all. As a commenter noted, I originally forgot to point out that this machine has no moving parts because of the type of hard drive used. This means the machine is extremely quiet and doesn't get hot.MiscellaneousIt should be noted that since Chromebooks are essentially stateless (that is, they have little personal data stored on them) they can be wiped at any time without a problem and you can start over. This also means that they can easily be shared and Chrome devices (a desktop version, called a Chromebox also exists) have something called Guest Mode, which allows a friend to browse the web without accessing your settings or bookmarks and when they're done, their browsing history is automatically deleted. For those with whom you share your Chrome device regularly, you can add them to the list of permanent users.SummaryEssentially, if you use the web most of the time (this is what most computer users do) or want a second machine that can be used without any technical knowledge for that purpose by others in your household, this is an ideal device. If, however, you like to play a lot of 'real' video games or access specialised software, chances are that this device isn't for you. That said, this device is cheap enough that you can buy one for the couch or to use while you watch television. Due to the price of this machine, it's most likely to be compared to a low-end Windows machine (which are typically very slow) or a tablet, such as a Nexus 7.If you want easy web access and don't care at all about typing, I'd suggest a tablet. A good quality tablet can (at the time of this review) be had for $199, including a high definition screen. But if typing and web access matters to you, I'd seriously consider this device.
computer|Got my new Chromebook yesterday and was really excited to have an alternative device that I could type on. 99% of my computer time is while connected and the offline apps will be more than sufficient for this backup computer. Setup went very smooth. The screen looks like something from a laptop 5-8 years ago. Others have mentioned the viewing angle, but you also have to constantly adjust the screen tilt. I imagine alot of the cost savings were related to the screen. I immediately noticed that I have one dead pixel near the center of the screen. I have not decided if I will return for this issue.I would have rated this device 5 stars except I quickly found that video playback from all the major sites is not supported on this version of Chrome OS (running on Linux). Netflix, Amazon Streaming and Xfinity DO NOT WORK. Every site has a nice message to tell you that there is either a problem with the Flash plugin on Linux or playback is just not supported. I am sure Google has every intention of fixing this, but they have been deceptive in their advertising where they show these sites being used on the new Chromebook. Also interesting that this issue was not mentioned by the professional tech reviewers.No information comes with the machine and the tutorial at the beginning is sparse. No info on how to change themes even though there are many nice ones on the Chrome Store.The plastic case scratches VERY easily and the back of the laptop is already scratched just from sitting on my lap.Overall a great concept and machine. I hope that the popularity of the device will convince the developers to fix the video issues or alot of kids are going to be really angry this Christmas. Seriously, why put an HDMI port on a machine if none of the major sites support playback??????????????????
computer|Like the previous reviewer, I purchased this from the Google Play store for my wife. I got tired of her using my new iPad, so I figured this would be an inexpensive solution to the problem. Quite honestly, I wasn't expecting much, considering the ridiculously low price. I'm very impressed with the technology and simplicity that went into its design. This Google/Samsung Chromebook is really quite amazing. The first thing that you'll notice is that it's extremely lightweight and is very uncomplicated. This is something that my 87 year old mother-in-law would be able to use right out of the box. Since she's never used a computer before, that says a lot. Many of the everyday apps that you use on a daily basis, are preloaded into the device. It comes with things like YouTube, Gmail and other Google products, and there are literally thousands of free apps available. It starts up very quickly and according to Google, updates are installed automatically. I've found all applications to run smoothly and quickly. The fact that it comes with a regular keyboard is a tremendous plus and the touch-pad works flawlessly. While the screen isn't the most impressive that I've ever seen, it is certainly more than adequate. I will continue to use my iPad, but now that I also have this, my wife will have her own travel size computer to use. All in all, this device offers far more than I expected. I didn't give it a great deal of thought when I purchased it, as it's not going to be used by me. Now, after running it through the paces, I'm really in awe that something as inexpensive as this could do so many things. While the iPad and this device are different animals, this Chromebook is more than capable of performing many of the things that my iPad is capable of doing. I don't think there's any way you can possibly go wrong purchasing this sleek looking device. I've purchased many products from Samsung in the past and have always been impressed with their quality and durability. Since this is a new computer, it's impossible to say if any problems will arise, but based on past experience, I have no doubt that this will be real workhorse and will last for years. At the price that it's being sold for, it's almost disposable when something newer comes along. The bottom line is that you'll be very impressed with this product, and you'll be in awe how they could have built so much into such an inexpensive computer. I give it 5 stars. My wife gives it 5 stars too, now that I finally let her use it.
computer|Anybody who is really upset by their chromebook isn't being realistic. THIS PRODUCT IS FOR CLOUD USERS!! If you use google drive and google docs then this is going to be a breeze for you. I am a college student and use evernote for everything school related and i can honestly say this is the smartest purchase i have made (except for evernote premium). The awesome battery life (6-8 hours) makes it a no brainer compared to the Acer version (3-3.5 hours) in my opinion. Everything i do is cloud based however and i feel like if you are not living in some sort of cloud ecosystem then this is NOT for you.An example of how to live in the cloud using a chromebook.Music- Google Music & PandoraDocuments - Google Docs, Evernote, and even Skydrive has a version of office 360.Storage- Google gives chromebook users 100gb of cloud storage to be used for whatever. But you can get an additional 25 from dropbox by doing some extra work.Remote PC- Using the chrome remote desktop.Video- Plex, Youtube, Vimeo, Netflix*****************This brings me to my only gripe about this chromebook, for some reason this specific version of the chromebook can not play netflix right now. Google says they are working quickly to get it resolved and as soon as they do resolve this i will be happy to rate this a full 5 stars.Chrome OS is not quite able to completely eliminate the need for having a PC, however if you have a full blown PC for a few specific things then this is an awesome companion for an awesome price. (I have a desktop for more power hungry things and this is my only laptop and everyday computer!)
computer|When my old laptop conked off, I needed a laptop to use around the house. I also recently started commuting by train to work so wanted to buy a small, light laptop that I could take with me and check email or facebook or read the news, surf the web etc. on the train. I also wanted a real keyboard for the occasional work-related email, so the iPad was out. When this Chromebook got announced I was pretty excited since it really fit all my criteria - light, quick to boot and so on. I received it a couple of hours back and I have to admit its really nice.I went from box to being fully setup (including my bookmarks and extensions) within a few minutes. This Chromebooks also comes with a lots of apps pre-loaded and I also got an offer for 100GBs of storage on Google Drive. Gmail and YouTube are also installed on the desktop so the sites I use the most are right there. Overall this machine feels quite fast. The interface is also quite clean and pretty especially the background images that come with the device.I like how light the laptop feels and that it can easily fit into a small laptop bag that I take on my commute. I could potentially leave the power cord at home as well since it's supposed to last for several hours without needing a recharge - so even less stuff to carry. It's easy to take from room to room within the house as well. The other thing I noticed is how quiet this is - specially compared to my work desktop or my work laptop which I can hear from another room! This laptop feels very different from all the laptops I have used in the past - its almost like an iPad but with a keyboard so its more useful. I am amazed at the price - this feels a lot more expensive.Overall based on the last couple of hours of usage I am happy that I bought it. This is exactly what I wanted.
computer|I've had my Chromebook for about two weeks now and have given it an "average use" test run on it over that time. It does what I wanted it to do, has the limitations I'd expected from the reviews I'd read, and is generally excellent value for the price.Pro:--great keyboard--I like the touch and layout in the space. It's a tiny bit "clicky" but not annoyingly so. I miss the delete key and some of the quick key options I'm used to with a PC, but I'm adapting. The most commonly used key commands (for copy, paste, print, save, etc,) are unchanged. I don't like back-lit keyboards so that's not a problem for me. Some reviewers have noted its absence.--excellent battery life--I've gotten a little over 8 hours on a charge with using it for text/writing, web surfing and having it "sleep" overnight. That's not brilliant, but for a working laptop at this price, I'm a happy camper.--light weight yet solid. I tend to be gentle with my toys so I'm not bothered by the plastic case. Yes,there may be some give on the keyboard, but only if you have a very hard touch or you're trying to test its limits. (I checked. It flexed, but I had to push.) I'm a fast touch typist with a light touch and I generally don't rest my wrists on the computer when I'm keying so have encountered none of the squeaks or flex that other reviewers have mentioned.--VERY fast boot and wake up. Actually takes longer to shut down than to boot. Also very easy on the battery during sleep...I left it three days on sleep (unintentionally), yet saw surprising little drain on the battery.--screen is decent IF you have the right tilt and aren't trying to share it with others. It's a one-person screen. But get the tilt or view angle off by a few degrees and it goes to poor and straight on to unviewable. But what do you expect for the price? (Okay, the screen on my old Acer netbook is better, but that sucker is SMALL.) For most uses, I've set brightness at around 75 or 80%, so that helps. At max brightness, it's plenty bright for me, but not for a couple other people who tried it out.--Nice size for working. I like my laptops actually on my lap, and the light weight coupled with a good size makes it a very easy machine to work with for hours at a time.--Surprisingly decent speakers for such a cheap machine. I use a Logitech lapdesk under it so there's no muffling effect of fabric. They aren't high end, by any means, but they're actually significantly better than the speakers on my $900 Toshiba or the several Dell Inspiron laptops I've worked with.--Quiet (no fans for solid state!) and cool. Very nice!--I really did enjoy NOT having to install all the other software and going through all the system setup and adjustments that are needed for a new pc. Take it out of the box, plug it in, get on-line, go do something else for 5 minutes, and it's ready to go. When you consider how much those services and software packages can cost, this machine is an even better value than its wallet-friendly $249 price. Add ordering it from Amazon and getting free shipping and it's a super value. And not once it two weeks has the shut down been postponed because the system is "installing 1 of 18 updates" like MS is so fond of doing.CONS (or at least IFFY)--Other reviewers had mentioned problems with the browser and web page display. I use Chrome on other computers, both desktops and laptops, and like it a lot. Unfortunately, there really is a problem with Chrome's performance here. I've experimented with setting my 4 year old Acer (1G ram), my Kindle Fire, and the Chromebook to bring up the same page off the same wifi service at about the same time. There were times even the Kindle outperformed the Chromebook, and the Kindle is not a speed demon. I really did expect Chrome to work better than it has on this machine. It's adequate, but not what I would have expected on a machine that is specifically intended to use Chrome as its centerpiece. And it does stutter and seem to lose track of pages at times. This is my single greatest reservation with the thing. I would have liked Netflix capability going in, but knew it wasn't there and crossed it off my list. But I really did expect it to do better with a wider range of websites. That took a star and a half off the review, right there. I also wish I could get rid of the "recently visited" boxes on the screen of each new tab. I prefer either high-use apps or nothing but the background graphic in that space, but haven't figured out how to change it (and haven't tried very hard--it's not that important, just a nuisance).--Trackpad is acceptable, no better. I've found the trick is to use a firm touch. It's actually less responsive than the trackpad on my old Acer. It helped to set the speed all the way to the top. System works fine with a nano-wireless mouse if you want one. However,an inadvertent brush of your palm will shoot the cursor off somewhere else, which is annoying. It can happen on any laptop, but it does happen more often with the Chromebook.--I knew going in that I was stuck with Google Docs for offline work (it has improved but still isn't really more than merely acceptable for basic work) or a Chrome app service like Zoho for online work. I actually installed Google Drive on a couple other laptops and a desktop and set it for offline work to test it out before I ordered the Chromebook . The print facility and offline performance were okay, but I'm still counting off a half star because Google docs isn't wonderful and you have no other real options on this system .Update Dec 16, 2012: I've been experimenting with MS Office Web Apps through SkyDrive on the Chromebook and been very pleased. So long as I have a wireless connection I can edit and work on my Word and Excel documents with ease. Some of the quick key commands aren't available since Chromebook doesn't have the same keyboard structure, which isn't a huge problem (I use a lot of keyboard commands in preference to the mouse because it's so much faster). Of course, you have to be online to take advantage of the apps, which means you're still stuck with Google Drive and Google Docs when you're offline so the half star off remains. I assume the same on-line functionality would apply if you're a regular Mac person and use CloudOn, but can't confirm that.--the ports on the back side are set a little close. I haven't had problems because I'm not using them for much except the mouse on occasion, but it could be a problem for those who want to connect multiple devices.Overall, the Chromebook is a good value and a decent machine. I'd buy another...unless I suddenly, miraculously, join the ranks of the wealthy 1% who think the cost of a top-of-the line Mac or ultrabook, plus software, is just pocket change. Until then,I'll stick with my Chromebook as a light-weight, long battery life alternative for basic writing/spreadsheet work and some web surfing or email.Update Dec 16, 2012: For what the Chromebook can do well, I love it. Love love love the keyboard. Love the light weight and long battery life and fast boot. It's so easy to grab and check something. Love being able to work in bed, out in the yard, haul it around without having 7 pounds of computer and chargers in the bag on my shoulder or worrying whether the battery will last. However, Chrome still hangs up on the web. Example: Every week, I check the NFL standings [Go, Broncos!!] and every single time,Chromebook hangs up....I scroll down the page, then I scroll back up and find I have to refresh the page because some of the information bars from the very top of the page are now superimposed on the stats. Never happens on Chrome on any of my other machines--I checked--so this is definitely a Chromebook problem. Still,I expect the problem will be resolved eventually. If not with updates to this OS,in future editions of Chromebook. And I'll definitely be in line to order the next generation when it arrives.
computer|Not since the early 1990's have I considered using a different OS other than Windows. But today is a new day and after many years of having my explorer freeze up or the constant update notification, I was ready for something else! I've dabbed in Linux and apple but Linux felt unfinished and Macs are simply over priced for the extra benefit. Here comes chrome OS at a price of $249 for a laptop that looks much more expensive and performs well.Here is the deal. Chrome OS is not windows so do not expect it to work like windows or do what windows does. Chrome is simply a web based OS that allows you to use Chrome store apps, which are essentially web apps. Yes you can do this in windows and in fact you will be able to do everything this computer does in Windows, but windows has too much bloat. You need more computer to run as smoothly in windows and again, the updates, the virus scans, malware, and so on is still prevalent in all windows.Most web apps are free which comes as a benefit of leaving windows behind. Like android you will find that most webapps are free to use. I'm not a person who can't afford to buy programs but why buy them when you can get them for free? These web apps are cute, awesome, and some of them you would never have discovered if it wasn't for the chrome store, and that's the beautiful thing about chrome. Chrome lets you venture out of the grip which is windows.. We are already locked in the business world to using windows, this allows you to at least personally free yourself from the Pc world.Why would you buy this over a tablet? The tablet is an amazing device. I have a galaxy tab for myself and an ipad for my 2 year old daughter and without a doubt they are wonderful devices to consume information. You can scroll through Pulse flawlessly, read the news easily, watch videos laying down in the comfort of your bed, and consume just about anything the web has in store for you. The key word is CONSUME. The tablet is great to consume but try writing something like this review, a blog post, create a spread sheet, edit a video, or you get the point. This Chrome book and all Pc's in general are great to produce things and not just consume the web. All in all you can produce things much easier on this device than other platforms in the same price point and with its lightweight design take it anywhere you need to take it. After buying this laptop my galaxy tab sits by my nightstand as a reader because now I can produce and consume easily in this chromebook.Finally the cloud is the reason many say this chromebooks fails and the reason to purchase. To use the cloud you have to be connected to the internet and this chromebook feels limp without the internet. But wait a minute, I have tethering on my phone, wifi in my house, wifi at work, my business, and most places I eat also have free wifi. The reality is I can have internet anywhere I want with my phone or super high speed just about anywhere else I find my self with free wifi all around us now days. I would say that you really should have tethering on your phone to not feel constraint on this device. When is the last time you were without your phone? Now comes the best part of the cloud and chromebook. Chrome OS almost forces you to use the cloud and this is not such a bad thing. Too many times you will find you have double files, copies of thing here and there, and basically you get a new computer you lose some of that info, with the cloud all you will need is one copy and it will always be with you. It's a permanent hard drive for all your devices. No more emailing yourself spreadsheets or docs, you will simply turn on your computer and continue your work right where you left off. No more losing those beautiful photos you took on your old phone, store them once in the cloud and those memories will be with you always. Forcing you to use the cloud and get use to a new habit is not a bad thing once you see all the benefit and experience the ease of having one hard drive connecting all of your devices. Thanks for reading and as a 20 year Windows user I'm excited about finding something that brings us back to the simplicity of productivity.
computer|Others have commented about the new Chromebook hardware, and the browser is well-known already (it operates identically on the Chromebook), so I'll comment about the OS features outside of the browser, about which very little information is available. Bear in mind that Google updates the OS frequently, so anything I say is subject to change at any time.There's a new app called Files that's a file manager, analogous to Windows Explorer or the Finder. It always shows two drives: Downloads, on the local file system, and Google Drive. You can copy between them, make folders, rename files, etc.If you mount an SD card or USB drive, you can perform the same operations with those drives, too. I was able to mount a Mac-formatted (HFS) drive, but not write to it. When I tried, I got an error message AND the OS got into a state where it would refuse to copy anything, even if the HFS drive wasn't involved. Rebooting cleared this up.You can't access networked drives (shares) at all.If you have a Google Docs file on a local drive, including the built-in drive, you can open it with Google Docs to work on it, but it seems that there's no way to create such a file from the app. You have to get it there by copying it from Google Drive. This use of a local file is completely different from the new offline capability that the Google Docs apps have. That gives them access to a local cache of the online files, unrelated to the files you see with the Files app. My advice is that if you want to work with those apps offline, do it the official way.Other notes:My bluetooth mouse, which I prefer to the touchpad, worked perfectly.The Chromebook looks very much like my Macbook Air. Same size, same weight, similar appearance. The Air is more refined, and it also costs more than four time as much.I got the Chromebook because when I'm not on my main computers (an iMac or a Windows box) I spend all my time in Chrome. The Chromebook is perfect for this, as others have noted. I was using an Air for this purpose, which it's great at, of course, but so is the Chromebook.When I take photos, I shoot raw. You can copy raw files from a card to another device with the Chromebook, for in-the-field backup, but you can't view the raw files (that is, you can't view the JPEG preview that's inside them). You can on Windows, MacOS, or an iPad. In this respect, an iPad is a more complete field computer for a photographer who wants backup and a little viewing, but, unlike the Chromebook, you can't attach an external drive, and an iPad only has so much internal memory. It works for me while I'm on vacation, but it wouldn't work for a pro. Not enough space.You can certainly upload a raw to Picasa Web and view it there, but this is impractical for the bulk of the images you'll shoot in the field.The above viewing issue applies only to raws. JPEGs work fine.As an experiment, I wrote a text editor as a packaged app, which means it loads locally in Chrome and has full access to local files. It worked fine on the Chromebook, as I would expect. However, it seems that it is tossed out on a reboot, so you have to load it from an external disk each time you boot. As packaged apps are very new and still experimental, this is obviously a temporary issue. I noticed that there's a way to pin the app icon to the launchbar, which is nice. Pinning doesn't keep it from being tossed out.The Chromebook needs work, but I give it five stars anyway. The Google people are smart and hard-working, so I expect things will get better rapidly, especially as the new Chromebook seems to be a smash hit.
computer|I like the concept of using the web for applications. The problem I'm having is the system freezes frequently which requires turning the power off. Other Chromebook users are experiencing the same problem. This makes the product unusable for me. The operating system is just not ready for prime time and I would be afraid to purchase this product again.A comment from FAX on this review was very helpful. It suggested reinstalling the Chrome OS and provided a link on how to do it. I was able to successfully reinstall and my issue with freezing was resolved. Thank you FAX. The system works as it should and I am very pleased with the Chromebook.
computer|I've had the unit for a couple weeks now. Using it primarily to access and write/edit Google Docs. Browser crashes at least a few times every time I'm on the machine. I'd say about once every 15-20 minutes of use. And this is with two-three tabs open, max, just editing gdocs. It's either a browser crash--they close down, then come back up with option to "restore," or the machine freezes completely, requiring a reboot with the on/off switch.Not exactly the dream machine I was hoping for.
computer|I sold my Ipad for this product and haven't been happier, I already have a nexus 7 but couldn't be happier with this little thing. Much more productive for biz than ipad, the chrome webstore has an app for anything and I do believe android and chrome will be merging to even make this product amazing
computer|I ordered my Chromebook without every looking at one, I just needed a small computer for travel and around the house.The Chromebook is thin, light, seems sturdy, and the battery life is great - I am pretty sure I can get across the country in a plane on a single charge. The price was without a doubt a huge factor in my purchase and I knew I didnt want an Android tablet that does the same thing my Motorola Bionic does. The keyboard is easy to use and the whole experience and interface is simple. Starts up in a few seconds and bam, I'm surfing the web. The 2 years free storage is also nice but I fear after the time expires Google will want recurring $$$ from me for the Cloud storage. Printing via the cloud is also a breeze, the only drawback is I need my work laptop on as it piggyback's the wireless connection to my printer - I'm sure if I played with it more I could get a direct connection.Lots of free apps and so far Word docs and pdf's open fine and the Chrome browser flies - its renders pages alot faster than I would have expected.Final rating - I like it and would recommend it to anyone who wants a good Netbook/Ultrabook for traveling or around the house couch browsing.
computer|I dropped my Chromebook twice from tabletop height. The back cover went ajar, but I snapped it back in, and everything works great! It's cheap plastic, but no worries.I have a MacBook Pro, a white MacBook, an iPad, and an HP netbook. But when my family wants to get online quickly, we grab the Chromebook.I'm getting one for my mother for Christmas.
computer|I do love my new Chromebook. It was up and running within 15 minutes of taking it out of the box. It is ultra lightweight, and when it is "on" you can't hear a thing (no annoying whir of fan or hard drive). The keyboard is adequate, although it took me a little time to learn the keyboard shortcuts. I am becoming a Google devotee; the single sign-on for multiple applications, the suite of complementary apps, and the fact that you only add the apps you need makes for a streamlined experience. Google has helped me embrace the virtual drive philosophy, where everything is stored online and you can access it from anywhere on any device; if you are ready to exist in the browser world exclusively, Chromebook is an excellent gateway.
computer|Just got mine on Tuesday and love it. I am using it for web surfing, email send and receive. I have used docs to write several letters and worked on one spread sheet. Works fine, keyboard is excellent. I am looking forward to Google continuing to improve the Chromebook.I don't quite understand all the qualified reviews, "It slows down when I have more than 15 tabs open" "You can't run Netflix" and on and on.I'm not a "power user" so this works fine for me. If I needed to have 20 tabs open I would have a 6 pound laptop on my lap now instead of this nice little laptop.
computer|For surfing and email it is perfect. Battery life is good. Screen color and clarity is excellent. Loads quite fast. Outstanding value
computer|You have to take your time to setup the unit properly, but once launched the chromebook performs! Best dollar for dollar value in computing.
computer|I have had my Chromebook for about a week now and I have to say that I thoroughly enjoy it. It is really amazing how fast its up and running. All of my windows computers take for ever to get going. It doesn't require you to download any anti virus because its built in and it does't pop up with the annoying updates. If you want a fast, light weight computer to get online then this computer should do the trick. Also, remember everything can (and eventually will) be stored on the cloud, where you can access it from anywhere on any computer.
computer|I am very satisfied with this product.This product is quality. Excellent. . It is all right. Thanks for your attention
computer|Great device at an amazing price.Not quite a primary computer yet if you need to install alot of non google based applicationsHowever if all you need is a computer to browse the internet,check email,write/edit documents/powerpoint/excel then this is the best option out there.
computer|I'm so glad I bought this computer. I can't say enough about it. Very fast. love it love it love it
computer|I didn't want an android, only a simple book to take notes at meetings, and found so much more. Google is awesome and the chrome is very light weight, nicely configured and it can be all that you want it to be. I'm learning more and more every day. I'm not into new technology, and only want what I need, but I'm finding exploring the chrome is actually simple and relevant to my needs both professionally and for my personal use. I love the google+. So is the cloud ofor storage. So if you want a nice, reliable, lightweight, small chromebook, this is the one to buy. My laptop is not longer of us to me.
computer|I have always had Microsoft windows, so I am getting used to this. It took a little while to figure out how to use it, but once I caught on, it got much easier. I do like this computer and feel that I got a lot for my money. Unfortunately, it won't let me download firefox which is a requirement for a lot of my homework since it is the browser that supports my school's web services, but since I graduate college next month, this is not too much of an issue. It also does not support java, and since I am not a tech wiz, I can't figure out how to bypass this. I am learning that this computer is very picky about what it will let me download. The screen is small and so is the keyboard, but it doesn't give me too many problems using it, and the screen is clear and has a good level of brightness. I love that it has an HDMI port and an SD card port, and I can even use netflix on it. I was concerned about this, because I read in a lot of reviews that before, netflix was not supported on the chromebook, but I tried it myself and it works fine now. The computer is very light and thin, which is kind of nice. Hopefully the body will last as well as other heavier computers. The built-in webcam takes good, clear images. Another drawback is that there is no DVD player in it, but there is really no room for one considering it is so thin. All in all, I do like this computer. The biggest issue, like I said, is that I wasn't expecting that I would have so many issues trying to download things. All in all, I give this an 8/10. If you are looking for something inexpensive to use primarily for internet use, I would recommend this. If you are looking for something more for multipurpose online and offline use, I would recommend a different computer. If I were not graduating next month, I would return this and purchase a different computer simply because of the difficulty in downloading certain web browsers and addons that my school's online based learning site requires.
computer|I got this laptop a few weeks ago and it is awesome. I can watch Netflix, Hulu and any other TV/Movie website. I have all Macs but needed something to carry back and forth to my art studio and when I travel. It is light weight and with the 100 gigs of free Cloud space for 2 years pays for 1/2 the computer right there. (some reviewer said she didn't have Shift keys, which is strange because my Chromebook has 2) I haven't used the camera for Skype, but I am primarily using the computer to keep up with my social sights and upload/build my website.This would be a great laptop if you need a starter computer or one just to surf the web. If I need more space, I can use a memory stick. Also, I like that you can add apps to the computer like you can for my Mac.
computer|It works OK for surfing the internet but with no Powerpoint apps there are some down sides. One problem is the size of the screen at 11.5&#34; it's a little small and the keyboard is hard to type on too. Overall for the price not a bad choice, but I look forward to bigger model with a 13&#34; to 15&#34; screen and a larger keyboard if they can keep the price down.
computer|The Chromebook is very easy to use and works more like a Mac than a PC. With a very crisp screen I would recommend this to a not so computer savoy person.
computer|A great product if you are already familiar with, and really love, Google products. There are a few things that take some getting used to, but once you can train yourself to the shortcuts on keyboard, it actually becomes really streamlined and you find yourself completing stuff quicker.
computer|My daughter had a test pilot in fifth grade at school. All the kids got to use these at school and bring them home for the last month of school. We loved these Samsung Chromebooks so much that we bought both of our daughters one for Christmas the following year. We paid $249 each for the WIFI version and they have been worth every penny. They start up fast and my 8 year old can work it on her own too. A+++
computer|I purchased the Chromebook for my 13 year old at Christmas. Most of my child's electronic life is hosted in the cloud so I thought this would be a natural fit. The device rapidly boots, has access to hundreds of applications via Google, and has become a mainstay in my child's life.She uses it for school as well as personal applications.
computer|After years of lugging around a "travel laptop" I have finally found the way to get work done while on a trip. The Samsung Chromebook is light: the "instant on" is incredibly fast and OMG - the ability to have an actual keyboard to get work done puts this head and shoulders above a tablet! The only minor drawback I've encountered so far is that I cannot have both of my gmail accounts running simultaneously: it is necessary to log off one in order to view the other. Apart from that, there is no reason not to purchase this device. Enjoy!
computer|This Chromebook is an excellent device for me to travel with and use when away from my tabletop unit. I really have enjoyed the use of this unit when I am away from home on trips.
computer|This computer is the most used of the 4 in our house. Can't be beat for web browsing. My wife uses it for word processing tasks and likes the keyboard. I like the fast boot time. Wake up from sleep is nearly instant. You don't need to log in to use the browser, so it is easy to share among users.
computer|Great computer for what it's intended too do. Picked one up for my fianc&eacute; who isn't the most computer savvy person in the world. Just needed something to do a bit of online shopping, check some facebook, and light usage. She's happy with it and that's what matters!
computer|Amazon, if you're reading this..I didn't order in my name, but it was ordered in the same last name for me.Ar first I was thrown off because I read some reviews that shipping would take for ever...it didn't. Ordered on Easter after 5pm, was delivered on Tuesday around 3:30pm Thumbs up !!I'm a Windows user, so when my desktop went down, I borrowed and then purchased a Mac. had to learn Mac way of things, Mac proggies. Gave that away, and went with a Netbook by Toshiba about..I don't know how long ago, and have been using it ever since. Where was I for the Chromebook marketing, what hole was I in? Just recently saw the commercial, and then I searched.Review: basic instructions...NONE !! No problem though, all available online. Even Amazon has a book in it's 3rd edition which I ordered for my Kindle. I'm lost with this thing, but I like it and I have to learn 'The Cloud' way of doing things. I have to learn this equipment PERIOD!! Boot time, FAST. Looks like a Macbook. I will add a review later on as I learn it.
computer|Despite what I thought I read in other reviews, the Samsung Ultra Thin Portable DVD Writer will not work with this Chromebook. I confirmed this with Samsung through their live chat. The DVD Write is compatible only with Chromebook Series 5. To see the work around, that is, a USB Drive, please see Dr. Mark Tweedie's comment on this review. I have confirmed that I can read documents, even see videos, resident on a flash drive without any need to be online. (Sorry if this is obvious to most, but I'm not a techie.)
computer|I wouldn't have guessed that i would have loved this so much, I'm on my chrome every day., and i get to take it with me where ever i want to. in short , i'm very happy whit it.
computer|I bought this as a gift for my technologically challenged mother for Christmas. It was very easy for her to set up and she uses it on a daily basis. If you're not looking for anything fancy you will be very happy with you purchase. Great for someone who just wants to browse the internet and send emails.
computer|This was the perfect Xmas gift for my son who broke his 1 year old laptop accidentally a few months prior. It was cheaper than his original laptop and is enough for him to do his schoolwork since most of their work is done online via google docs.
computer|This computer is absolutely perfect for web-related stuff. It's NOT a game machine. It's a little workhorse that helps you get stuff done without the distractions. Great for writers who just want to be able to access their documents, emails, and research on the web. I haven't had a problem with Netflix or Hulu. YouTube runs smoothly. The sound is impressive for such a small machine. Spotify's beta web player also works really well. You can't bog it down with a lot of games and programs.It is NOT, however, for someone who has to have Microsoft Office installed. It's also not what you're looking for if you want to get a fairly inexpensive machine for kids -- unless you want them to focus on their homework instead of gaming.
computer|I've been researching what to buy after my current laptop (7yrs old) needs replacing. I was completely confused and overwhelmed by the choices. I saw a banner ad on Google's website and thought I should investigate. I was glad I did since I hadn't heard of Chromebooks before. There were 3 or 4 brands with varying prices on the resulting page I was sent to and after researching the features, prices, processors, etc. I decided on the Samsung Chromebook with Wi-Fi. My main reason was the Samsung processor had excellent reviews for speed and reliability. I also like Samsung's reputation in the electronics arena.I opted not to get the 3G feature, which is upgradeable as there is a SIM card slot. The 100GB of cloud storage on the Google server is another great bonus. Since I don't do gaming and I don't save music to my phone or computers, I'll have a hard time using it all in that timeframe.The computer boots up in a matter of seconds, is quiet (SS hard drive), has a battery that really does last for several hours, the display is crystal clear, and the sound is great. As I mentioned, I don't do gaming and have read that this Chromebook is probably not for that use. There are plenty of other options in that regard.I have my Android phone, my laptop and my Chromebook all using Google Chrome and all are synched, making life using multiple gadgets much simpler. I'm extremely pleased with this Chromebook and feel like I should have bought another one to save for the future!
computer|Its very light and easy to store. I bought this for school so I wouldn't have to lug around my bigger laptop and it is great. It does exactly what I need it to do. The only thing I would say is that if you want one to stream videos and stuff than this probably isn't the best buy for that. It sometimes lags when I'm on youtube.... but if you are just interested in loooooooong battery life and something to use for writing papers and stuff this computer is perfect!
computer|I bought this for my wife so she could surf the internet. She loves the size. Just wish it was Skype enabled.
computer|I purchased with the intent of being able to pay bills online and just typical online web surfing. However I was worked from home and was able to do everything I do on my desktop on this machine. Who knew?! The only thing that I don't like about the chromebrook is the frame around the screen seems flimsy and cheap. Other then that I haven't had any problems or issues. Starts up every time.
computer|this thing is great. best thing yet for school, its not too powerful, but it is FUNCTIONAL for basic browsing, writing some papers. nothing fancy, completely affordable. Google will set a standard with these.
computer|I would first like to say that I am writing this review from my chromebook. After doing a lot of research, I chose this laptop because I have a great desktop that I still use for my primary work. As a journalist and a student, I was in need of something I could throw in my bag and take with me to write my stories from a plane or to do homework on the go.The size of the chromebook is great, it is very thin and very light. the screen is small but big enough for what you need on the go, and there is little to no glare. the keyboard is easy to use, although (you might notice a lack of capitalization) i am still getting used to not having a caps lock key and trying to use the shift key. i also am a huge fan of the fact that the computer does not heat up at all. gone are the days of burning laps during an all nighter.the track pad is easy to use, it clicks down, but there is no right click option so that is a little adjustment to remember the shortcuts (ctrl v and ctrl c).As far as the operating system, it is very user friendly. Right out of the box, i was able to turn it on and start working. and the cloud storage is fantastic.i really loved the price of this computer as well. it is very cheap, so if you break or lose it, it isnt as big of a deal as a macbook, and everything is saved on the cloud so if you must replace it, you really dont lose anything (which is the same thing i adore about my kindle).overall i would recommend this to anyone looking for a good computer on the go, but if you are trying to use this as your primary computer device, you may want to think again.
computer|The build quality is great and comes on quickly, but in my first few minutes with it I have discovered that you can't access a site that uses quicktime. There is not a plug in for the OS. You can get one for chrome running on a windows machine etc., but not for the Chromebook. If you are not connected to the internet a Chromebook is fairly worthless. They are designed for the connection and they include 100gb of cloud storage for 2 years. After the 2 years what you have uploaded can be accessed, but nothing can be added without renewing the subscription. The screen was plenty bright for me and very readable. The keyboard is awesome and the mouse pad is great as well. My problem with the device lies in the OS itself, which may be great for someone just wanting to type a few things and search the internet, but is lacking for someone that expects this device to replace a windows or mac laptop.
computer|Surprisingly very functional for a school with a 1:1 format (personal device for each student). I have had students use this device for several days at a time and each student has found it very practical and enjoyable to use.
computer|Best investment I have made, I would highly recommend it to anyone who is looking for a powerful tool in a compact package
computer|Chromebook does everything need to allow a Freshman in High School stay organized.....even allows Google Docs to be worked on offline. Highly recommend.
computer|The Chromebook was everything that I wanted it to be and more! Many of the online reviews talked about how poorly the screen looked, but when I turned the product on I found that the screen looked great and I could even used it outside in the midday sun! The simplicity of this product is amazing and browsing the web is great. Don't buy this product until you know what it is. Nearly everything is done online. Great overall, definitely a 5 star product!
computer|I purchased the Samsung Chromebook (3G) knowing full well the difference between a Chrome OS device and a Windows device, and I think that anyone who is thinking of buying a Chromebook should be aware of the differences.When shopping for this I kept my personal needs in mind. I am a college student and I needed a computer that is very portable, with online storage that I can access from different computers, something that I can occasionally watch a video on, and word process with. My Chromebook lived up to my expectations.I personally love the keyboard, I can't believe how fast I've adapted to it, because it did look a little small when I first laid eyes on it. The screen is matte, which personally I like (no chance of glare), though I had read previously that the viewing angles were nothing to brag about, I was pleasantly surprised, the screen is more than adequate. The oversize touch pad is a breeze to use, though getting used to the two finger right click is taking me a little time.Overall it's a wonderful computer for people who need a computer for browsing the web and typing up documents. If you're looking to game, or do intense image/video editing you should stick to windows or mac.
computer|The cloud-based system is pretty nice for the uses I needed. I mainly use to for email and web while I'm traveling, and can remote into my home desktop if need be. I am disappointed that the OS doesn't work with Netflix streaming yet, but they are &#34;working on it.&#34;This cheap computer is great for those tech-less individuals who just need the basics. The computer is extremely light-weight and great for travel. But doesn't heat up like my old Macbook Air used to, one of the advertised features. The keyboard is great and there are a few 'hidden' features that some may have trouble finding-- like the caps lock button is now a search feature.But for the money, it is a great machine that I truly enjoy using!
computer|It works great. It's just the right size for me. The picture is clear and it moves from one page to another. I'm able to watch TV in the living room with my husband who is not well.It's light weight. I can carry from one place to another with no problems.
computer|Great computer at just about any price. Although Chrome OS has some limitations 99% of computer users wont ever notice them. If you mostly browse the internet and watch movies then this is the computer for you. Its light with a great battery and an amazing keyboard. The build quality could be slightly better but I think if treated right this computer should stand the test of time. As I'm writing this I have about ten tabs open, while playing pandora and I've yet to experience any lag. The OS is easy enough to use it only took me a couple of minutes to get the gist of everything. It makes me wish I had never bought my tablet, I highly recommend this product.
computer|I originally purchased the nexus7, but for $50 more, I really like this. Small, fast, lightweight, and good battery life. My kids want to sell their full sized laptops and get one of these.
computer|I bought this computer for my son for Christmas. He ran upstairs and charged it and was immediately online. He is absolutely thrilled. It seems to be a great computer for the price. The amount of virus protection included seemed a real bonus.
computer|The Chromebook is just what I needed. It has limitations, but I knew what they where when I bought it.
computer|This is a really great machine. However, I am extremely disappointed that, at this point, it will not wake up after going to sleep without a long power button press followed by a short power button press. Apparently, I'm not the only one who has issues with this. At this point, the options are 1) wait for an update (Samsung can't tell me whether it is a hardware or software issue) or 2) send it back to them. I don't have time for that. It is amazing to me that they can't tell simply tell what the problem is because so many others have it.It will also not stream Netflix. This is not that big of a deal to me. It just doesn't make sense.
computer|Much better than expected. Very lightweight and easy to use. Boots up quickly. For a Mac user, this is very easy to use.
computer|im very pleased with the laptop it just kinda sucks that the majority of stuff id like to do i have to have internet to do it but i use the wi-fi off my s3 to do it so all in all i like it!!!
computer|Many people say that since buying a Kindle, they read a lot more. Like three times more. The Chromebook is like that for writing. Since getting it a week ago, I'm writing a whole lot more, because it's effortless. You open it, and it's on, nearly instantly, like an iPad. The keyboard is very nice.Be aware of this: It does scratch VERY easily. When people say that about stuff in reviews, I usually say "So what?"In this case, I'm going to return it and get the 3G version. I'm a writer who frequently works in coffee houses, etc. I work for remote clients. The chromebook comes with something like 100 megs per month or something of verizon service. I have no idea whether that's a little or a lot. BUT, you can apparently buy 24 hours of unlimited service for ten bucks. To me, that sounds like a good deal, for days when I'm going to be working online all day. My point though is this: I've been ultra-careful with this unit, knowing I might return it. It is scratched on the bottom. I can't even imagine how or when it could have gotten scratched, but it is. So if you're gonna test one out, be very careful with it.
computer|I love my chromebook its fast and easy to use. Setting it up took less than 10 mins. I am very satisfied.
computer|Perfect. My son in law wanted exactly what this machine does and no more. He researched it chose this one. He is very, very pleased.
computer|I recently have gotten a Samsung Chromebook, and I have to say that it does have a very rapid boot time compared to most other laptops/netbooks. The sound from the speakers is very clear and crisp, and this netbook can easily be used to watch videos or listen to music. The video play on this chromebook is very sleek and nice and can easily play Youtube in a high resolution.The cons of this book however seem to ultimately make this netbook fall flat on its face. Without an internet connection the best you can do with this laptop is use it to watch videos or listen to music through some external device. Not only does it not support the media container files .mkv and .avi so if you have videos that you would like to watch in either of those formats "You're gonna have a bad time". The games and random apps for the chromebook are pretty good however it's hard to find certain apps that one would normally want with a netbook that has a webcam (SKYPE!), and if you do business that requires switching between multiple email accounts you aren't really going to find a IMAP client similar to Thunderbird.Otherwise it really is a great netbook, but the Google OS is very limited in what one can do. I personally tend to use only Linux distros (Fedora and Mint) so using this seems highly restrictive. But for what I primarily need it for it does a great job.
computer|I consider this a step-up from a tablet: not touchscreen but lightweight and powerful. Most of it's utilities require online access (WiFi), but this is definitively a game changer.
computer|My boyfriend needed a laptop primarily for taking notes in meetings and after a little bit of research he discovered the Samsung Chromebook. For the price, it just can't be beat. I've never heard him complain about it once. The company that he's currently consulting at used to buy all their employees $1200 MacBooks. Now they buy them Chromebooks after seeing his. :-)
computer|Fast, Simple to use and overall a very inexpensive laptop.If your using your laptop to just surf the web and check your email then this little guy is perfect.And don't forget all the free apps that Google has in the store.Also you get a lot of free cloud storage from Google as well.So simple my mother can use it!
computer|Was in the market for a netbook to replace my Asus and I stumbled across the Chromebook. I have to say that I did not know ro much about them. I own a Kindle, and an Android phone along with 2 IPads so adding another electronic device is really the last thing I need but with the reviews and the price I could not pass this up.I have only had it 5 days but I absolutely love it. I'm definitely still learning all the things it can do but it is my #1 go to computer. Here is a list of pros/cons.- Love the design, very lightweight- great graphics- very fast start up. 6 or 7 seconds-The touch pad is awesome and easy to use. Finally ditched my mouse-Price-Overall a great machineCons-Still trying to figure out how to print to a non cloud printer. I actually did it but not exactly sure how.-Syncing all my Chrome OS devices was a bit tricky. I kept getting a passphrase error but it went away after syncing phone and other devices together.-Webcam is pretty crummy and doesn't work all of the time-No skype. I will try Google talk.Overall I recommend the Chromebook. Well built and the price is right.
computer|I waited on back order for this device. At $249 I was willing to take a chance. My wife has the Kindle HD8.9" and loves it, but I like having a keyboard. I figured at that price I could gamble a little bit. So far, it's been everything I was expecting. And I dearly love having a keyboard for those times when I'm surfing the Net and feel the need to talk back, or get an idea and want to take a quick note. Scratchpad--which comes with the device--is perfect.I did a fair amount of research before purchase and am still amazed by people who clearly don't. This is a web based device and must have an internet connection to do its basic job. Yes, it can do a few things offline, but very few. For me the ability to write off line on both Google Docs and Scratchpad is all the offline I need.It's lightweight, pretty, and I've been amazed at the battery life. My research led me to believe it was OK but not great. So far it's been significantly better than I expected.Like any other device--FIRST DECIDE WHAT YOU WANT TO DO. It's not a laptop. It's not a tablet. It's a whole new thing of its own. For me it works really well.UPDATE 1.7.13: I continue to be impressed. Although this machine is Google centric I am required by my company to carry and use an iPhone. So far I've uploaded all of my iTunes music library to Google Drive so I can listen on Chromebook. I also use an iPhone app "JotNot Pro" to scan and upload documents to Google Drive. I especially love it for scanning business cards. Works perfectly. I can hardly wait to find out what other things I can do.
computer|Got this for my mom who has limited Computer Skills/ability.She checks facebook, gets emails, surfs the web, and occasionally listens to music or watches movies.This is perfect for her.For me, it would not be good because I use my computer for work (and everything) -- I need real software (Indesign, photo editing software, etc.) But for her and people like her, it is a perfect solution.PROS:It is extremely light weight, surprisingly thin, and even though it is made of plastic, it feels relatively nice in the hand.Very quick....surprisingly snappy. Windows open almost immediately. Very short delay when waking up from sleep (quicker than my macbook at times)Relatively good battery life (she gets in the 4+ hour range with normal use)CONS:16gb hard drive can be small if you're using it to store movies (she is) -- I ripped a bunch of her dvds for her and loaded them up. Had to buy an additional 32gb USB drive for more movies. But she has figured out to play them with the internal player (seems to play .m4v and .mp4 files very well; had some hiccups with .avi and .flv...)Audio player is very weak...it will play all songs in a folder in order; that's the extent of it. Using online providers like Pandora is more reliable and enjoyable.Excellent machine overall and for the price - this is a great gift for technically challenged moms and dads...
computer|It's light, it's quiet and it's quick. I've found it to be a great casual machine to use for day to day tasks. If you use a lot of Google products then you'll love how well everything is integrated. You can't go wrong for $249.
computer|We just purchased this before our trip to Hawaii and so far it has met all our expectations. We were told about it at our Computer Club meeting. It got rave revues there and that is why we purchased it. We are still learning about it and need more time to experiment with it.
computer|The Chromebook has one fault so far. They do not tell you that there is NO java support for this OS. This has been disapointing for my Wife, whom I bought it for. She likes POGO games and most require JAVA. How about being upfront about this
computer|Great network computer. Fantastic battery life. After a month, it has become my primary computer. It would be perfect if it had 4gb of memory instead of 2gb, but it's not a show stopper for the average user.
computer|It's great for what it's designed for... It surfs the web extremely fast and boots up extremely fast... Haven't had a problem with viruses either except for that browser hijacker Babylon search (easily fixed)... Only problems I have with it is a lack of true apps (you go to the web store and get a app and it's just a bookmark for that web page) and it isn't compatible with a lot of things like oovoo (I have yet to use the web cam because the normal video chatting services aren't compatible)...
computer|My wife primarily uses her computer for doing a couple of things, pretty much all involve the use of some form of Web-Application. If this is your primary use case that I would recommend this over any other tool (iPad, Laptop), because it was designed with that in mind.Pro's:- Battery life.- Very compact.- Perfect if you primarily use web-apps.- Low costCon's:- Does not recognize an iPhone connection to download pictures to your google drive (Google Drive app for iPhone sucks!)- Drive support for printers is non-existent. If you want to setup a printer connect to google-cloud-printing.
computer|Very fast to load. User friendly. Lightweight. Excellent picture. Versatile. Battery last a long time. Would like to recommend it for an all around use.
computer|if you're a Google apps for business user, this is all you need. Great device. Does everything and more that it promises.
computer|I am very impressed by the new ARM based Samsung Chromebook. I purchased it for my 4th grade daughter. It will allow her to do all her homework. Small size with great battery life. The WIFI connectivity is amazing. I have a great connection in areas of my house where previously my IPAD could not connect up.
computer|I purchased 2 Chromebooks on November 2nd. They just got in on yesterday. I have used both to make sure that each one is free of defect. Both of my units are in great shape. I purchased the second unit for my parents for Christmas, so I will write a second review once they have opened it and let me know what they think of it. For my applications, this fits everything I need. Yes, Netflix still doesnt work, and I do want to be able to use it. This thing is lightning quick for me, my internet speeds are 65Mbps download, 20Mbps upload and a 8 ms ping on speedtest. There is no issue with hangups at all for me when loading pages.A little about the device. The sound that comes out of the speaker I would say is on par with what a tablet will deliver you. It sounds good enough to watch movies, and lacks just slightly for accurate audio due to a lack of bass. Other than that, the sound is more than sufficient. The screen display isnt stunning, but it is far from bad. It gives you a good clean picture that wont disappoint you but wont blow you away, its an average display. Yes viewing angles arent huge, but its a small personal netbook and it does its just more than capably. The keyboard is very responsive and a pleasure to type on. This review is being made on my new chromebook. The touchpad is also very responsive and I have absolutely no need for an external mouse. I am 6'6 with huge hands and this works just fine, I also dont have any creaking in the sides of my new chromebook, a fear I had from previous reviews. This machine doesnt get hot and is completely silent.If you had reservations about picking one of these up, I would say just buy it. It far exceeded what I thought it would be. It loads super quick, surfs the web great and I use it at work to avoid using my work computer for personal use. If you have any questions, just post them in the comments and I will do my best to answer them. I will post a second review after christmas for my gifted chromebook. Thanks
computer|Not sure why people publish negative reviews for this amazing little laptop. Yes it runs on the cloud. That is not an issue. I bought two of these for my kids. The printing via cloud was easy to set up. My son uses his in class to take notes. This machine is very portable and light to carry around. Boots up lightening fast, no virus software to worry about and no updates that interfere with your productivity.The kids do their homework fine and use it to play games and whatever. We are fans!
computer|If you're used to using the computer at the library and that's all you're ever going to need, a chromebook is perfect for you. A chromebook is basically a browser as an operating system. So, if you don't need to install any special programs and can get away with just using web apps and browser plugins, you're set.
computer|I bought this to surf the net, email and for its portability. Does everything I want it to do and it is very intuitive to use. Plenty fast enough for ebay, TD Ameritrade, Drudge, Lucianne and Craigslist as well as numerous hobby forums. I don't care about video streaming on this. The speakers are adequate. I'm well satisfied.
computer|To begin with, I'm currently typing this review on my Chromebook, which I've only owned for about 24 hours at this point. Still, in the last 24 hours, I've found this computer to be everything that I thought it would be. My expectations for this were that it would be a very good second computer (I have a four year old MacBook which is still in good working condition, though its diminished battery life makes it impractical to take places), and those expectations have been met and exceeded.The Good:-This laptop is just as thin and light as I thought it would be. It's very easy to carry around in my messenger bag, and feels solid enough to survive any bumps my bag might have. Its portability was a very important factor in my decision to purchase this laptop, and it has been absolutely on point with my expectations. It's half the weight of my MacBook and probably a third of the weight of my work laptop (which I have to carry to and from home on a daily basis), so it's actually quite a delight to not have to carry around something that heavy.-The keyboard is large enough to type on with relative ease. I'm a bigger guy, and sometimes typing on a laptop can be a chore for me, but I don't find this to be any more difficult than my MacBook (which was $900 more). However, for what I need this for (I'm returning to school in the fall for my doctorate, so a small and portable computer to take notes on is essential for me) it is perfect. I've even used it to take notes on a call at work today, and the keys are relatively quiet and my typing wasn't disruptive to my call today at all.-Getting used to using only Chrome Apps (even coming from someone who used Chrome before) has taken a brief time to get used to, but now that I'm a little more familiar with the operating system, I find it to be very user friendly and entirely intuitive. Plus, with all the apps and extensions that are available in the Chrome Web Store, it's possible to customize it to where it fits my needs and desires.-I've moved most of my music from my MacBook (almost 3,000 songs) into the cloud, and I've had no problems listening to it on my Chromebook. The speakers being on the bottom do make the sound a little muffled when it's resting on my lap, but I have a lap desk that I used with my MacBook often and when it's resting on that, the sound is great. The speakers are quite loud when they are at full blast,and so I have no issues hearing anything. I've watched a few videos and they are just fine as well.-The screen is very similar to both my work computer and my old MacBook, so I don't have the same point of reference that some other posters have. For me, it's almost exactly what I'm already used to, so I have no issues at all with it. It's bright enough for me even in high light environments, and works fantastic in low light settings. It is a little smaller than I'm used to, but I knew the size going into this and it's not an issue either.-Battery life has been good so far. I did charge it a little today while I was at work, but I've been working and playing around on it for about two and a half hours now, and the battery meter says that I still have over three and a half hours left to go, so this is in line with the six hour per charge estimate that is given. I'm sure if I decreased the brightness I could save a little more battery life, but I'm pleased with the level of illumination and it's worth it to me to sacrifice the extra battery time.-Getting the 100gb of free cloud storage was entirely painless.-As other people have posted, the boot time is incredibly fast. Switching between users (I have seperate personal and professional Google accounts) is also painless and quick.The Bad:-The trackpad is not something I'm used to. I don't know if it's just that my other laptops are older and have less sophisticated trackpads, but I had to disable the touch to click feature (I kept accidentally clicking things while I was trying to scroll) but at least that's a feature that's available. Also, the trackpad requires a much lighter touch than I'm used to (which isn't necessarily a bad thing, but it's something to consider if you're used to having to apply a modicum of pressure to the trackpad on other laptops). It's taking some getting used to, but I worry that switching between machines will make this a little more difficult for me.-That's about it (for me at least).Bottom Line:There are parts of this laptop that I haven't fully explored yet, but I've found it to be everything I wanted it to be and more. Again, I'm not a power user, so for me this is perfect for the things I need it to do. It's easily portable, super easy to use and it's fast and responsive. Overall I rated this five stars because it has met and exceeded my expectations quite nicely. If you're looking for a second computer (one to just keep around the couch or take with you on trips) this is an excellent investment, particularly for the low price.You should definitely think about getting one. I know that these have been impossible to get lately (getting mine was an ordeal to be sure, and I actually purchased it from Best Buy after getting a three to six week waiting period after trying to order from Amazon) but it's worth the effort.
computer|Ordered this from Best Buy. Just got it and it is amazing. It boots up fast and amazon instant and hulu work great on it. The video is clean and nice. I love it because it does all the simple things that I do a lot. It's light and thin and easy to carry around. Others commented that these sites might not work, but they do. Gave it 4 stars because the sound on it is a little tinny through headphones although overall it sounds good enough for the price.
computer|I am rating this Series 3 Chromebook with 4 stars. The only reason for this is because playing Angry Birds and a few other games in the App Store is a little choppy. Also I tried to play a 300mg video file locally instead of via the web and it took 4-5 min to load. After that it would only play sound and not display video. For those 2 reasons I could not give it 5 stars.Having said that, am I no way disappointed with this device, as I am currently driving down the road connected to my phone writing this review. (I should prolly clarify say that I wasnt actually driving. My wife was and I was in the passenger seat. Apparently some people are dumb enough to think otherwise.......) The touchpad is great, however it did take me a few min to get used to the gestures that I am not used to. (2 finger swipe and the touchpad actually clicks) This is a very nice compact machine. I will feel so much more comfortable carrying this around school as opposed to my 2000 Alienware laptop...Much more portable.I have heard people complain about the display and it not being bright enough, however it is a sunny day as we drive down the road and I can see the screen very clear.The Keyboard is top notch and the star of this device. While made entirely of plastic it does feel cheap at all. I am comfortable picking it up by the corner without a fear of it breaking. Connecting to a TV via the HDMI is as simple as plugging it in. If Google can fix the local playback issue and get the few games such as Angry Birds to play better, then I would for sure give this thing 5 stars.If you have a need for portability and a cloud based device, this is the device for you, especially with it being priced at $249.
computer|I'm a heavy laptop user and software developer. I can easily get to ssh using 'CTL-ALT-T, ssh user@hostname'. There is also a secure shell app in the webstore. Unfortunately, it doesn't work on this ARM based device at the moment (relies no native code) but forums show that it should soon.* great keyboard* great battery life* plays HD youtube* offline Kindle makes it good for reading books (presumably Google Play books too)* great for google docs* hangouts and phone calls from within gmail work great* netflix coming soon
computer|I hardly go to my PC now that I have this wonderful little tool. I love it. It is easy to use, light weight, every thing I expected from the product.
computer|Up until a few months ago, the Chromebook seemed to be a rather overpriced novelty; not anymore. As a 76 year old computer user with limited ability or experience, I find the Chromebook perfect for me. This noiseless, beautiful computer is perfect even removing the necessary task of having to manually back-up everything. I will probably soon add a Chromebox as my home computer is giving some problems yet I like the larger monitor for these old eyes.
computer|I waited patiently for this Chromebook, it was back ordered for almost a month, and it was worth it. I have read a few reviews, by in large very positive but they still did not prepare me for the quality product that Samsung is turning out. It can replace up to 90% of your computer needs if you use it in a non specialized way; the hardware is truly amazing, light like a feather, blazing fast when browsing if the wifi provider doesn't let you down, marvelous keyboard, beautiful resolution. It loads up in five seconds, shuts down in three, its battery lasts seven hours, have i said enough?Get it while its still $249 and do not fret about not having office or netflix, you will not be disappointed. .
computer|The chromebook is great! So efficient and convenient. Automatically shows up and links all google drive docs, gmail, everything google which is so efficient for work and home. Google drive is the best cloud ever!Easy to organize and easy to use. Easy to upload and share. My boyfriend and I share docs through it for our busy quickly and efficiently. The Chromebook is lightweight and sheek. Only downside, some programs and browsers don't support it yet. One big one, netflix. Was really let down when I tried to use the HDMI port for the TV, which is awesome, but then could not watch Netflix. Can easily watch movies on the TV when connecting the HDMI cable. Overall, Chromebook is great!
computer|I really like my new laptop. I'm new with computers so I am still learning to use it. It's fun and I am enjoying it.
computer|The chromebook is easy to use and very fast to boot up. It wakes from sleep instantly and can do most of the functions of an everyday user. The keyboard is great and the screen is adequate. I am a college student and have found that the chromebook performs everyday functions smoothly and effectively. However, as of right now, chrome os cannot run java which is used for my school bullitin. Despite the inability to run java, I still give this device five stars because of its ease of use and cheap price.
computer|If you live in Google like I do this Chromebook is great for the road. I pair it with a mi-fi for access anywhere. It worked like a charm right out of the box, fits in my day pack and is light.Only drawbacks are the poser cord (too fat and heavy), and the screen, which looks a little washed out in the daylight. But for the amazing price, well worth it.
computer|There have been a number of great and detailed reviews so far, so I will be short:Great for play - For me, first and foremost, it is a tablet that does not need to be held to stand (my primary use case is browsing the web or watching videos in bed). I am happy to trade down on the quality of the screen and "touch" for something than can stand on its own and is more effective at multitasking.Great for work - The keyboard and trackpad, the robustness of Chrome make it a great small laptop. I already primarily work through a browser so to me the difference with a mac or a PC is minimalBottom line - At $250, it is cheaper than a tablet with similar screen size and is good for play (what I use a tablet for) and work (what I can't use a tablet for). If you think about it, It is really a similar value prop vs. Microsoft Surface (a tablet that you can use for work as well). Except that it is 1/3rd of the price.
computer|My Chromebook and I are getting to know one another, and loving it. I had researched before I bought it and after read the reviews and speaking to my son, who recomended it in the first place, decided to buy. And as luck would have it the prices for them came down and made my purchase that much more enjoyable.
computer|It seems that many Chromebook reviews and comments (from Google Support Forums) center on what a Chromebook CAN NOT do. The simplicity of the Chromebook is that it's built to browse the web, and it does it very well with a great battery life. I typically get in excess of seven hours of battery life from my Samsung Chromebook. I've only booted up my Dell laptop ONCE since I received this Samsung Chromebook on 12/21 - and I only did it to host some pictures.I use a Dell laptop for work purposes (I work in an office of ~30 people), and the boot time drives me crazy every time I have to reboot it since I'm used to pressing power and being up and running in less than 20 seconds.Positives of the Samsung ARM Chromebook:1) Battery life: 7 hours in my usage2) Fast bootup/shutdown times (20 seconds/under 5 seconds)3) Ease of operating from the cloud (if you have any issues, you lose practically nothing with a reset)4) The weight (at ~2.3 pounds, it's noticeably lighter than other computers I've used)5) The keyboard is GREAT.Negatives:1) Video playback does leave a good bit to be desired. Netflix does not work at this point.2) The screen is average. No more and no less. It's a $249 laptop screen.3) The case of the computer has scratched on the bottom, and I do fear that the top will eventually meet the same fate.Feel free to comment with any questions and I'll be glad to attempt to help out.
computer|If you spend a majority of your time online, the Chromebook is for you. I do and I love it.Update (4/10/13): Did I say I love it? I meant I LOVE it. Super-fast boot-up, lots of easy access, fantastic battery life, and apps that more than replace creaky old loaded programs. Why do I need MS Word? I don't. I wrote up a doc in Google Docs and then easily shared it with my family online. I have an old Acer mini-notebook that I also love(d) but now I only fire it up every two weeks just to charge the battery. For virtually everything I do, the Chromebook fills my needs.
computer|I have had laptops in the past and never liked how they got so hot or the heaviness. The Samsung Google Chromebook is so not like that! It is very lightweight and thin, and I use it for hours and it has not gotten hot yet. Oh, and it's very fast too! I open it up and boom, there is your desktop. With one click you are online. It is super fast!! When done, you simply close the lid. This little laptop is absolutely wonderful and I highly recommend it!
computer|Okay, so let me start by saying that I own this Chromebook now and also a very powerful Windows gaming laptop.That said, the Chromebook is my favorite of the two. This Chromebook is fantastic in every way, shape and form. The only thing that I have not been able to do with it is log in to an enterprise Microsoft Sharepoint server, but that is not a huge deal to me. I have been able to do almost anything else I would ever want to do with it. I use it every night to use Google Video Chat with my girlfriend, and the only issues I see with that are typically when the internet is slow. Nothing client-based.Logmein and Chrome Remote Desktop make for fantastic remote desktop solutions, and both work very well on the Chromebook. That is great for me because a 17.6" gaming laptop is heavy to carry around, so if I must use Windows then I can always remote in to it from anywhere. It also helps to know that (finally) Logmein is working on an extension for Google Chrome, in case that is an important service for you.I have not had any issues with pages loading on the Chromebook. They all seem to work as they are supposed to. Even though it runs on a mobile processor, I do not notice any lag or anything like that even with 1080p video playback. Boot time is consistently under 10 seconds and time to resume from sleep is virtually instantaneous.If you are an avid user of Google services, then the Chromebook will work great for you. I use Google Drive quite frequently and the free 100gb comes in handy for me. It is great to use Google Docs when I am on the run because I can resume my work anywhere from any computer. The only issue I have with that is when typing its equivalent of a Word Document, you cannot merge cells in a table. Oh well.Battery life is great too, with an average of 6 hours on general web browsing, 4.5 for video chat.If there is anything you need to do on a Windows computer, more than likely there is a free web-based solution. For that matter, I even found a web-based alternative to Photoshop!Unlike many operating systems, updates are not something you have to think about anymore. They handle themselves, and all you have to do is restart your Chromebook occasionally (which when updating still takes under a minute).Overall I have to say, this is probably one of the best computers to be invented. Ever.
computer|Pros: Very light and portable. Nice keyboard and plays streaming video smoothly, even in HD. Attractive design, and super fast 7-sec bootup. Instant on from sleeping. Great battery life. Easy to use, great 2 finger scrolling and finger-tap mouse clicks. Nice assortment of ports: SD, USB 2,3, HDMI. Plug n play mouse works without any problems. Heavy-duty flash games run no problem. Google docs, which can be used offline as well if you choose not to use the cloud.Cons: Sometimes text is too small initially on a webpage and have to enlarge the magnification. Can get a bit slow if lots of flash heavy things or lots of text on a page. (Things I think they are working on: 1)some sites like yahoo news articles will redirect you to the mobile webpage instead of the regular. 2)netflix doesn't work)Overall, highly recommend as a second computer, for casual browsers, travelers, etc.
computer|I bought this laptop a few weeks ago and I was surprised how small and portable it is. Its exactly what I was looking for, an additional laptop that I can use to surf the web quick anytime I need something or when I go to school. (My sister used to take to school her 5lb bulky hp laptop but now she takes my chromebook because its that much more comfortable)I got used to the chrome os quicky and started using google docs which is timesaver to have your files anytime anywhere there is internet. (it has a file manager so you can download your documents and store them on the computer and also use a usb flash drive)Why i got this chromebook over the otehr:-Lightweight and thin-100% silent, no fans,-Doesn't get hot-Great battery life, 6+ hours-instant boot up with ssd driveI admit, the price is what really made me consider it. I mean, 250$? who can resist that?If you are looking for a 2nd portable device that you can carry easily and don't really on many windows programs but just use the web 99% of the time, I say go for it. You won't regret it.
computer|This really is a nice little machine, does everything a Chromebook should... almost. I didn't realize when I bought this, but because it uses the ARM processor instead of the Intel/AMD types, Netflix doesn't stream to it. Apparently Netflix works fine on the other Chromebooks, but because their software is 'platform specific', it just doesn't work with the ARM processor. For me, this would have been a deal breaker had I known as I rather enjoy netlix. Also, Skype has no Chromebook app, so you must rely on an app such as Imo, which doesn't work nearly as good (long lag times when messaging, logging you in and out at odd times). So, as a little machine to fill the niche in my 'entertainment' schedule on the road, this Chromebook fails in two important (for me) areas. Other than that, it is attractive for an all plastic item... the keyboard is wonderful. The processor is as 'snappy' as they advertise, multiple windows/apps dont slow it down, video looks great.... it has USB 3.0 support which is great.... I hope the Netflix/Skype issues get ironed out at some point, then I'll be 100% satisfied.
computer|for an internet only device it works just great no long load times my only complaint the lack a office like program still trying to print with Google cloud print to my networked printer cannot seem to get to work
computer|This is a great product that gives you a tablet and a laptop. The screen is not touch sensitive but the pointer is easily used and with the keyboard it gives you a real laptop computer. The Google operating system is easy to use and allows you to download apps just like a tablet. Screen size is 11.6 inch and the unit is easily transportable. Good for emails, apps, books and a number of sophisticated pc functions for anyone's needs. Even though you can't have Microsoft Office there are apps that allow the same things. All in all this is a wonderful pc and I love it. Battery life is good.
computer|The Chromebook combined all the desired features of a laptop for travel. The battery life is a solid 6 hours and the size is perfect for an airline seat. Even more delightful is the Chrome OS. It boots up in seconds and connects you directly to your Google account in the Chrome Web Browser. Email is easy and documents come up for your work directly in the Web Browser. The screen is bright and the keyboard is superb, even for long typing sessions, far superior to any tablet or smart phone keyboard. At 2.4 lbs it is a delight to carry and tote. The Case Logic Netbook Sleeve is highly recommended as a well padded case. Otherwise, the Chromebook fits nicely in your average briefcase. The technical details are even more impressive. The Exynos 5 system on a chip dual core ARM processor is low power and fast, 32 nm technology similar to a chip that would be used in a smart phone. This provides long battery life. The Chrome OS is easy to use, based on a Linux kernel, again similar to an Android Smart phone. So basically the Chromebook is a smart phone transformed into a laptop with a great screen and keyboard. The virtue of this is that the Chrome OS is constantly monitored for cyber attacks by Google and routinely updated when you log in, without requiring separate anti-virus software. It is such a relief to be free from Windows updates and free from the constant need to purchase and update anti-virus software. The model I bought contains 3G mobile networking built in for $75 extra. This feature was well worth it and includes one year of data service at 100 mBytes/month with extra bandwidth available prepaid without contract through Verizon at $35 a month for 3.5 GBytes. This allows you to login and start working even if no WiFi is available.
computer|I've had it about 6 wks now and am loving my VERY INEXPENSIVE Chromebook! It's very fast and very easy to learn. I'm a HUGE web surfer, and this is the device I'm been looking for since....well, seems like forever.I suggest if you are a newb to the culture of Google OS and are a lil anxious of leaving the WindowsWhateverOS, check out chromebookblog.com.Please ask questions if you like.Best regards to all!
computer|This is a great little computer to travel with if you don't want to pay for an iPad. One problem is that we can't use it for Skype so had to communicate via google. Although we're Mac people, this little computer is like having an iPad with a keyboard.
computer|I bought this computer because I was advised that it was a good choice for a birthday gift for my grandson. When he opened the package, the advice was confirmed. He claims it is the best present he ever got and seems to continue to hold it in high esteem. I could not be more satisfied with this purchase.
computer|I have a Galaxy S2 phone and naturally thought I would love the Galaxy Tab. I found myself looking at my phone instead of the tablet because I had to search for items on the internet the same way, and was comfortable using my phone. I decided on the Chromebook after reading the reviews and love it. It fires up immediately and set up was a breeze (I'm not tech savvy). The keyboard feels sturdy and is easy to type on. It has a totally different vibe than my phone or the tablet. Overall, an excellent product for the money.
computer|Pros:- light and attractive- instant-on and speedy- included go-go in flight credits are a fantastic additional value- 3g wireless is great in an emergency- surprisingly good keyboard and trackpadCons:- moderately scratch-prone- screen could have better viewing angles and have higher resolution- limited as a primary computer- included on board storage is limitedThe Samsung chromebook is likely the perfect computer for anyone who wants to surf the internet on the go. It is just a portable as a tablet but is much more compatible with websites. The keyboard is great as is the trackpad for moderate content creation. The self-updating and built-in anti-virus features are great.For certain people (grandparents or younger children) this could be a primary computer. But most people will likely benefit from this as a second computer for use while traveling or in a coffee shop. For that purpose, it is perfect and highly recommended.
computer|I LOVE my new Chromebook! I am not &#34;in the know&#34; about electronics. I don't have a tablet, e-reader, ipad, or SmartPhone. I have used my Dell laptop for 4 years. It was getting slow and all that goes with age. I researched all tablets and e-readers- I found the Samsung Chromebook by accident while on another web page- there was an ad for it at the top. I clicked on it and then went to Amazon.com to check it out. The other reviews on this product really helped me decide to order it for myself. That and the fact that it was sold out online and at my local Best Buy.I ordered it from Amazon.com and just paid for regular shipping. I was pleasantly surprised that it arrived the next night.I opened it up and logged on and started exploring! How fun is this! It has all the conveniences of a labtop without being complicated. It is for those who are not really interested in a touch screen. I still love the format and keyboard of a traditional laptop. This is the perfect size!Totally 5 stars!!
computer|Google realized something most of us don't quite realize yet: hardware is a commodity, and while it is still following Moore's Law with respect to overall horsepower/capability, for what most people do with their laptops/netbooks/tablets, they don't actually need a 1000-2000 laptop.I will add that in my personal computing wardrobe, I have a work issued Dell Latitude laptop, an iPhone 4S, a Dell Zino, an iPad 3, a Kindle Paperwhite and now a Chromebook.Here's the thing. For work, I need a windows laptop for now for the reason most people do: working with images, using Microsoft office, transferring and managing files, working on the VPN and collaborating with my customers and coworkers.But when my work laptop is off, there are basically 5 things I always do: 1) read books, 2) occasionally let the kids play games, 3) consume media, 4) surf the web and 5) email/communicate with others.Despite the assortment of devices I have, the ones I use the most are the Kindle and my iPhone. The iPad is neat, but usually I find myself starting a task which is just easier with a keyboard. It's become a toy for the kids and for my wife to use for Pinterest/Facebook.I really hated the idea of turning my work laptop back on at night, and I really felt like the iPad didn't enable me to do enough with it that I started looking at buying a second laptop.I couldn't find a laptop that was of decent quality, weighing less than 4 lbs with a SSD running an ARM CPU that offers at least 4 hours of battery life. This meant either buying a very heavy and very cheap laptop which was prone to failure for $350-$450, or spending between $800-$1000 for a MBA or Windows 8 ultrabook.I took a gamble and purchased the Chromebook, and based on many of the mixed reviews, didn't know if I would be happy with the purchase or not.Let me get the negatives out of the way first, because there are a few:1. As others have pointed, the body is not unibody aluminum. It creaks and is plastic, so you'll get some moaning and groaning if you hold it a certain way, and it will probably have its paint peel over time.2. The keyboard sounds like it needs to be oiled. Never used a squeaky keyboard before, but whatever.3. The ports are all in the back. Can be annoying if you need to use them, especially USB.4. If you are not looking at the display head on, it will wash out and be unviewable. 45 degrees or more from dead on center and good luck seeing what is on screen.5. I would often zone out and forget I'm not using a laptop. Since I don't use Google Docs, I would have to lug out my PC to edit a document.6. This is minor, and may be user error as I learn to use the Chromebook, but since it doesn't run apps per-se, there aren't any alerts or notifications you can set up. Example - on my work laptop I installed Google Talk, so I always get a pop-up notification in the system tray when new email arrives. Not so on Chromebook.7. The webcam is not good at all.If those are dealbreakers for you, you probably shouldn't be buying a Chromebook.Now for what it does well:1. Price. It's $249. You get 2 years of 100 GB Google Drive storage, and 10 go-go in flight internet passes. If you are someone like me who (up until now) pays Google for storage space (or someone else like Dropbox, box.net, etc), that's $120 you will save over 2 years versus getting a monthly plan. The internet is also worth to me $10 a pass. If you're a Google user and fly a decent amount, this is almost a no-cost purchase.2. Even if you're not, I dare someone to find an ARM based netbook weighing less than 3 lbs that gets more than 5 hours of battery life with a great keyboard for less than $400.3. Chrome runs fine for just about anything that is not CPU intensive, but again, if you need that level of horsepower, you either already have a Macbook Air/Pro or a heavy duty Wintel laptop. For surfing the web, watching amazon prime, communicating with friends, viewing images, reading news and consuming information, writing your blog, streaming music, this is plenty sufficient.4. The keyboard is phenomenal. It does sound squeaky, but it's extremely comfortable to type on.5. The trackpad (and maybe I have low expectations) works great as well. No jumping around, getting lost on the screen, great responsiveness. Beats anything I've used on windows laptops.6. It's an attractive piece of hardware. Derivative? Yep. But who cares. It looks good. People keep asking me what it is when I'm at Starbucks with it powered up.7. It closes the gap for me between my smartphone and my work PC. Would it be nice if it had a touchscreen and ran Android apps? Sure. But at $249, I can now justify buying the next Chromebook, as I assume at some point they will have touchscreens and run apps. I usually have my phone nearby, so if I need to play games, run apps, or call someone I have it.8. This is a negative of all tablets, but they're extremely difficult to use if they aren't sitting on your lap. Reading books on a tablet is not fun right now, the tablet is too heavy. The Chromebook is perfect for most environments - it rests on your lap or can sit on a table.Bottom line, this is a great device for what it is. If you find yourself wishing your tablet had a keyboard, or if you find yourself using your tablet for nothing but games and email, then you probably will find this to be great. If you worry about having access to Microsoft Office, or needing something which will let you print, or you find yourself often in places with no internet, you probably should consider other options.When I'm sitting around watching TV, or in a coffee establishment/restaurant, at the airport, or parked at work, I reach for my Chromebook most of the time. If not, then I probably either need my work laptop or my phone.And since they're so cheap, I don't worry about buying the next one whenever it comes out.
computer|Exactly what I was looking for - a cheap computer for the road and livingroom that's lightweight and fast. Really great for the price. I wanted a super lightweight computer that I wouldn't worrry about losing or banging up too bad in my bag. It boots up very quickly. Not for a road warrior or super user, but perfect as an extra laptop around the house.
computer|This was a Christmas present for my granddaughter - she actually cried when she opened it. It made my heart glad to see a young girl (19 years old), show her gratitude in that way.
computer|Great computer to pick up and look up stuff quickly. Almost instantly wakes up and is light enough to use anywhere. Battery life is great and 90% of the site I need to go to work. The only shortcoming is netflix streaming does not work yet.
computer|Bought this for son for Christmas for his college studies. He is really happywith all of the features and the ease of carrying it around!
computer|My profile: Engineering student needing cheap portable access to the web for school.Review: Keys feel great. Video works well on all sites I visit except Netflix. PowerPoint presentation do not work well if opened from a file in the hard drive (uses Quickoffice viewer) but works fine if I view it in Gmail after mailing to myself. Boots quick, loads web pages quickly. Youtube works great. I unboxed this computer after ordering it about two weeks ago and it is a little nicer than I expected. I got online in less than 5 minutes after opening the box. The screen if not as nice as a lot of the newer computers, but who cares... I need information, not high resolution video playing machine. I was able to find the MAC address to log in to my campus secured network. That was a little hard to find, the specs for the computer are not easily found on the computer. Most settings are available through the chrome browser (should be familiar to anyone who has attempted to change settings in Chrome browser on other computers). I have not yet tried to use the free 100 gigabytes through Google drive but I'm sure I'll use it because the 16 gigabyte hard drive will not hold all of my documents for school. The built-in webcam is grainy but completely fine for my Google Hangout sessions. I think I will be using this more than my mac, especially since it is so portable. I would give this product 5 stars but Google needs to improve on somethings. Please buy into this system so that it will be worthwhile for Google to spend money developing this platform. I believe internet based applications are the future, regardless of what OS system you buy into, but I like Google's direction the most at the moment. 5 stars for value!!!
computer|I love This laptop, Google and Samsung great job lots of power The cloud storage is great Fast start-up No viruses The wave of The future is in this laptop would like to have a Blu Ray/DVR/disc drive but other than that does everything my PC does Docs spreadsheets. Really Happy with my choice
computer|simplest laptop ever, fast, quick on and off. Just love it.I would recommend it for anyone.so light and does not get as hot as my previous laptops.
computer|This Samsung Chromebook came on time. Once, I received the package I thought it was a big computer. When I opened the package it was a small normal laptop package. I opened the small normal laptop package up and saw that the laptop was really small. I am able to type as fast as I normally can on this Chromebook. The keyboard really does remind me of a Mac book. The Chromebook barely makes any noise. I love it. However, the cons of this chrome book is that it doesn't support Microsoft Word and you have to set your printer up to a cloud print which I still need to learn how to do. Otherwise, its a light, small, enough space computer you can carry to complete your school work on the go.
computer|Great buy even if it were twice the price.Easy to use. No need to update software. Excellent display. Long battery life. Light. Very fast.Apps rather primitive compared to windows programs although mostly free or very cheap.Somewhat buggy if attempting to use external display (TV) to watch movies, etc with HDMI out.No delete key is somewhat irritating.Would advise anyone to buy as an alternative to using a desktop or laptop for browsing the internet. But do not expect full windows pc capability.Excellent for anyone who doesn't bother to keep windows software and Av up to date.
computer|I absolutely love my chromebook. It does everything that I need a computer for. I think it is great and I have recommended it to several of my friends.
computer|Light. Good battery life. No fan noise. This is the only $249 laptop I'd consider buying. Don't expect a top quality display for this price, and the plastic body feels a little cheap, but its great for what you pay.
computer|Once I got it to open, I LOVED IT! Still do! I like it because it doesn't use or require a hard drive with moving parts, etc. You gotta buy one (or more) of these little gems. You won't ... or can't be sorry. {So says me!}
computer|It is quick and easy to use and lightweight to carry. It finds things quickly. It is great and I love using it.
computer|i finally got this&#65279; laptop (so excited), i had to wait 2 long years for them to arrive in Canada.this laptop is perfect if you want to browse the web without the extra clutter of a Windows PC, it takes a few days to get use to the mouse pad and scrolling etc. .. scrolling isn't the smoothest but not bad, the browser is fast, turns off and on super quick, the keyboard is comfortable&#65279; to use, the keys do make a clicking noise but its not annoying, the speakers aren't as disappointing as i thought they would be, the design is nice and has a good feel to it (doesn't feel like cheap plastic), the computer does get warm at times but not hot, the battery life is very good for a laptop (6 hours worth), the mouse clicker is easy to click, what else?.. i actually like Chrome OS better than my brothers Macbook pro. to tell you the truth. youtube videos are choppy while browsing with other tabs open at the same time (impossible to browse and play youtube videos at the same time). that's the only complaint i have.overall, the Chromebook is good and im satisfied with it but it does need improvements for future models and releases.i wanted this computer so i could get away from Windows and it's annoying problems and hundreds of updates etc.
computer|I've always preferred Macintosh computers, but the Chromebook blew me away. While I can't play Portal 2 or anything (I don't often anyways) it is incredibly fast and lets me get to what I want to do quickly, use the Internet. If there's a time when I want or need a local program I just connect to my home computer with Chrome Remote Desktop and everything is great. The only recommendation I have for buyers is that if you can find a good place to get it, get the 3G model. It includes 3G service and truly makes this computer ultraportable. Overall, it is a fantastic computer that I have no regrets about.
computer|Got this for my son for college and he loves it! So thank you so much for great price! Appreciate it.
computer|I bought a pricier version of the Chromebook (Series 5 550) back in August 2012 after getting fed up with my Vaio laptop's slow boot speed and constant need to update software, both OS and AV related, all of which impeded my simple desire to be able to check email, browse a few websites for a couple minutes, and then log-off. The Chromebook satisfied all of my desires for a super-fast functional netbook so well that when my parents' desktop PC broke down, I knew precisely what to buy them for my father's 60th - this newer Chromebook.After setting it up for them - a doddle really, enter the password for your wireless connection and ensure you have a Google account and that's it - I showed them how easy it was to use. Simply open or close the Chromebook's lid to turn it on and off. Boot speed is literally seconds. Updates are necessary though these are few and far between and also take literally seconds to update. And browsing is completely straightforward - Chrome looks simpler as a browser than IE.Comparing my Chromebook and this newer Chromebook, there are some differences that are noticeable. On the newer model, the power cable plugs into the back, which is also where the USB slots are, while the 550 plugs onto the left hand side where the USB slots are also housed. Battery life on my 550 is a couple hours longer, the screen is larger, and it looks sleeker - the newer model folds up leaving a kind of line at the back making it look a bit clunky, design wise. Then again my 550 is also pricier (though with the cash-back offer Samsung ran when I bought it at PC World, the difference was only fifty pounds).But in terms of speed and browsing, there's no noticeable difference. My parents are delighted with the Chromebook and love the speed and ease with which they can go online, check email, and then turn it off all within a minute whereas their old desktop clunker took about 15 minutes to fully start up and, when it did, browsing the internet was a slow and joyless activity (my father's words).The speed of Chromebook's boot up time is because the OS is in the Cloud (internet storage) so without an internet connection, this device is more or less worthless - this is why I've kept my Vaio for Office, movies, and downloads. It also doesn't have a disc drive so you can't play DVDs or Blu-Rays on it, and you can't download on to it, so no iTunes, or anything that requires downloading - the plus side being you don't need anti-virus software as no viruses can download onto your machine.For those looking for an affordable and easy to use device but don't like tablets and prefer using a mouse and keyboard (a lot more people than you think) then Chromebook is for me, and now my parents, the only way to go.
computer|I bought this chromebook for myself in early dec, and it hasn't left my side since. I can honestly say, based on the pricetag, I expected much less. Samsung seriously delivered here. 5-7 seconds for boot and instant on with the speed and mobility of an ssd. Fortunately I've lived in Google's chrome browser for the last 2 years, making the transition to chrome OS very easy - definitely something I would suggest to anyone thinking of buying a chromebook.This is the most useful laptop I've ever used. I could have gone with a machine with more horsepower but this ridiculous "on-time" (6-7 hours) and just silly "standby" (literally all day) make this particular chromebook really shine. Then there's Google Docs, makes me smile. Probably the most underrated feature is the inherent security of using chrome OS. Or perhaps the silent endless updates. I suppose storage might turn somebody off, 16 GB is pretty limited - unless you mount a USB 3 flash drive. By the time my free 2 years of 100 GB of Google storage wears off I'll be able to transfer anything in there to a USB 3 flash drive (at that point they'll be ridiculously cheap).Dear Google, thank you for doing what Microsoft is apparently unable to :)
computer|I'm on week one with my new Chromebook, which I actually bought from Best Buy. I would have bought it on Amazon but they were out, and I needed something as soon as possible. I had done quite a bit of research on this laptop, debating between getting this and the Chromebox, but eventually decided on this because it was cheaper and more portable. Anyhow, I will update this review as time goes on, but I wanted to post my initial impressions for anyone who is on the fence about purchasing this item over a similar low-end E-machines or Acer laptop.First impressions: It's smaller than I thought it would be, but I'm okay with it. It's still bigger than the tablet I have, which measures in at 10.1 inches. If you have bad eyes or like a bigger screen on your laptop, this probably isn't for you, unless you're planning on hooking up the HDMI out to an external monitor. The desktop environment looks remarkably similar to a Windows PC. The icons you will use most are in the lower left hand corner, where you would normally find the start bar. This laptop is fast and responsive. I generally keep up about 8-10 tabs on my browser, and this thing has no problem handling that. It really does boot up in 10 seconds (and in my experience, less than that). No waiting through windows boot screens, no antivirus updates to manage.I love the keyboard. It's a chiclet style keyboard, similar to what you'd see on a Mac air, but it is very fun to type on. The touchpad is pretty big, which is good, and you can either tap or click to select things. I'm not super impressed with the responsiveness of the trackpad, but I'll reserve judgement until I've messed around with the sensitivity settings a little.The lower right hand has the date and time, as well as a battery meter. Clicking on it gets you to the settings and allows you to see how much time the laptop thinks you'll get out of the battery. Fun fact: when you plug the laptop in, that timer changes to show you how much longer it will take before it's charged. While we're on the topic of battery life, I haven't really gotten a chance to put the computer through it's paces, but I have been taking it to class with me on Thursdays, where I'm in class from 11:30am-10pm, and I use it for a couple hours at a time, several times throughout the day. I left it sitting, off, in my backpack until Friday night when I got home from work (about 9pm) and just for funsies I flipped it on to see how dead the battery was, and to my surprise, there was still juice in it. I was pretty impressed, especially because some of the other laptops I've bought in the past really suck down the battery, even while on standy. I'll post more as I get more time in with it.I'm pretty deeply entrenched in the Google ecosystem, so I was already familiar with alot of the products; Docs, Spreadsheets, Music, Chrome, etc. I love all of them. They run great, and I can still take notes in class in offline mode if there isn't wifi available (which is almost never). Google Docs is just as good as Microsoft word, and lets you do cloud printing. What's not to love?Overall: I love it. The screen looks better than I expected (especially from a $250 laptop) and the boot time is a thing of beauty. I would definitely recommend this to anyone thinking about getting a cheap computer. This is the perfect laptop for someone who really only does browser-based computing. If you're not sure if that's you, think about what you actually do on the computer. When is the last time you ran a software CD (or any CD for that matter)? Are there any specialty designing programs you need (like Photoshop or music editing software)? If you're like me, all you probably do is email, Facebook, google searches, listen to music, and some word processing, all of which you can do on this laptop.
computer|I love my chromebook. For the price its an excellent ultra portable internet computer. Their advertising says its for everyone and I disagree with that. To me for certain people this device is as good or better than the most expensive laptops available. But for some users it may be too limited. Hardware wise I think the keyboard is very good and full size, much better than I expected. The touch pad is excellent, and I am not a big fan of using touch pads over a mouse. The screen is good. Its a little washed out and dull but its decent. The screen is very good with glare. The hardware performance is very good. A little below a higher end desktop or laptop though. On most web pages esp if you don't have many tabs open its as good as any higher end computer. But some pages especially with many tabs open it doesn't perform as well as a higher end computer. Video play back was very good. I played up to 720p without any problems. Sometimes when the video first stared there was a stutter but then it played flawless after that. With 1080p it stuttered. Software wise I think its a good system for most people but not for everyone. I don't think chromebook would be a power users main computer. I consider myself a power user but for me its a secondary ultra portable computer. I think its great for people who mostly turn on their computer and just open the brower. It also does a little more than a regular browser, there is google's cloud office suite google drive. There are also other apps and addons that can do stuff you expect from a computer. I think this device nails it for what it is trying to be. An ultraportable cloud computer. Its what netbooks should have been. I think a lot of people buying ipads or windows 8 laptops would actually get value out of this device...but that depends on the users needs. Can't wait to see next years which will likely be based on Samsungs 8 core processor. Should clean up the one area I would like to see improvement personally in , performance.
computer|I have purchased the first 2 versions of the Chromebook and now this one. The 550 which I use along with this one has only one advantage and that is its speed, which is not that much of an issue. It is nice to no longer have to listen to the cooling fan coming on and off to cool the chip. I really like the size and weight of this version. It is very easy to pick up and take with you anywhere, (that has Wi-Fi). If you use the chrome browser on any other device this is a must for you. About the price of most tablets and does so much more. Don't listen to the negative reviews here. For most functions I turn to use this first.
computer|LOVE IT.. Could not be more pleased.. It took me about 2 minutes to set up and one friend said that was because I was so slow..Great surfing and email, plus many other wonderful features in apps that are fairly easy to find..LIGHT--it can EASILY be handled with one hand..I am seriously considering buying another just to travel with..
computer|I highly recommend it for most people, at least as a 2nd computer. Maybe even a 2nd and 3rd computer. Thinking of buying another, as my wife has been using it more and more.
computer|Great Christmas Gift for our daughter. We haven't seen her since she got it. Movies, email and lots of enjoyment.
computer|So I've been looking at this Chromebook for a few months now, after someone at work (I work in IT at school) brought one in. I did a lot of research and read a lot of reviews, and finally purchased one after I got some extra spending cash and a credit card. I bought this for school and of course personal use, and it's absolutely perfect--in regards to what I thought it would be and what it can do.First off, disregard reviews from customers who are unsatisfied with the limitations of the Chromebook. If you didn't know it couldn't do something you desired, it's on your part; you should have done research into what exactly a Chromebook can and can't do.So yes, it's essentially a quick and simple computer that goes online. I'll be using this for writing papers, and doing all online related work for school. Quick shotgun of my personal assessment: very fast boot-up time as expected, keyboard is fantastic (very Mac-esque, one of the few things I like about macbooks), battery time is great, display is great (really), haven't tested the camera yet, trackpad could be better (at times, it's a bit off but not a big deal and it's working fine now), sound is great, build quality is great.Anyway, feel free to shoot any questions you may have about the Chromebook. I love Google and all, but I'm not biased enough to disregard the truth of any flaws.Edit - Random miscellaneous things: headphone needs to be pushed in very firmly into the jack, bottom of laptop gets warm/hot but definitely nowhere as hot as a normal laptop with a standard processor.
computer|These Chromebooks now work with and can stream Netflix! Brand new update today! Amazing computer just got better for those who miss Netflix or use it already.
computer|For what this is, a light, cheap second computer, it is incredible. Not to mention it is dead silent, and doesn't barbecue your lap like the aluminum MacBooks do. I don't think it is hyperbole to suggest that it will revolutionize the laptop market. After using it for a few weeks, the days of me owning a laptop that needs to be as powerful as a desktop are gone.But before you take the plunge, think what you are actually doing with your computer(s). If you are gaming, programming, recording music, or modelling molecules, and for some reason you need to do those things at a coffee shop, this isn't going to work as a replacement for your laptop.
computer|I bought my Chromebook as a bit of a toy and wasn't expecting much from it. Now I can honestly say that I use this machine more than my desktop.Build quality is great. Battery life is 7 hours or more of usage between charges. Keyboard feels excellent. Multitouch pad is responsive. The machine runs silently.ChromeOS is really the wildcard for this machine. And going in you have to know if ChromeOS will be right for you. If you just want a machine to do email, text documents, spreadsheets and the web, you cannot do better than Chrome. It is fast and rock solid. If you need to do something computationally heavy, Photoshop, CAD, etc, go buy yourself a Windows or Mac laptop. Programming is in a bit of a gray area. If you do most of your programming through SSH and not using a fancy IDE like Eclipse, this machine really works great.Bottom line: depends on what you want if you will be pleased. Chrome is completely usable. It could even be a primary OS, but can it replace windows machine completely? That depends upon what you do.
computer|Excellent product for the price, I love it. Use it more often than my Macbook now, just because of it's portability and quick start up times. Can do most useful tasks on here and great for browsing the net anywhere. Battery life is also superb as is the weight. Definitely the best value for money computer I've ever bought. One down flaw that you may not have heard is that the outside scratches very easily and doesn't look great aesthetically. However, I hope to rectify this by purchasing a laptop skin.
computer|I have a keen appreciation for well designed products that don't make me think. This is a well designed product.First time set up, easy. Signing onto your account, easy. Figuring out how the machine works, easy. Everything is intuitive and almost effortless.The Chromebook is so elegant, so simple. I was leery of the cloud, but now I'm a fan. I can access my documents online, anywhere, anytime.Before you discard your old laptop, however, keep a couple things in mind. Obviously, this little notebook doesn't have a CD or DVR drive. Also, if your printer isn't cloud ready, which most aren't, you'll need to do initial cloud print set up from your old school laptop.Overall, this is a fantastic product. I simply love it.
computer|Warts and all, I am much happier carrying 2.5 lbs rather than 10. I use it with a very inexpensive 23" LED screen attached. All things considered, my office computer is a Windows 8 Ferrari but life is significantly easier working on a Fiat 500 90% of the time.I've heard lots of complaints that a Chromebook is a browser with a keyboard attached. It is, but that begs the question of cloud computing. If you need to use it on while traveling, a wireless internet connection is mandatory - you can only do so much working on documents stored on a USB stick.If you want a cheap Windows or Mac clone, do not buy this product, Chrome-OS is dependent on keyboard shortcuts which are unique to Chrome and they take a bit of getting used to. Ctrl-Alt-? launches an overwhelming array of shortcuts, my advice is to ignore them. Learn no more than what you need.App are plentiful, but for work,you get a limited but functional office suite, fast email, Google drive and broad compatibility with Microsoft cloud services. Chrome Remote Desktop is awesome. If you need Netflix, then wait until that App is fixed, this particular Chromebook has problems with it - they are working on it.It's cheap, very fast, and very secure. I bought it because I couldn't get work done on a tablet.
computer|This Chromebook is AWESOME! I love not having to worry about security. The keyboard is great. Everything you do is on apps, no software. My last (and first) laptop was good but had too much available for what I wanted in a computer. The built-in flash player makes it easy to watch videos and they play better on the chromebook. Because it's Google, you can set up a Google acct. with gmail. Then, wait for it.......there is FREE Google Voice. I chose a phone number from a list close to my area that I can use to make calls and receive calls. There is also video calling w/ other Google users. How much better can it get. I work at a bar with no jukebox, and I ride bike. The chromebook is very easy to transport in my backpack so I can use my Rhapsody acct to play music for my customers. I will be buying another one here shortly and I'm thinking about buying my son one for his birthday. It's a Great buy for the Price. I would recommend this Chromebook to ANYONE!!! One more thing.... it may seem small when you first receive it, but you will soon realise that the size is perfect, and the speakers sound really good too!!!!
computer|Let me start by getting something clear: I understand that the Chromebook has offline capabilities. Those capabilities, however, are caches or replications of more robust online capabilities. To get the most &#34;bang for your dollar&#34;, you need to use this computer with an internet connection.I love this computer because it shuts down and resumes in mere seconds (6-8 from my experience) and it's light enough to be carried in a messenger bag throughout the day without any extra exertion. On this computer, I have the batteries to complete a full day of coding, word processing, and data management without worrying about bringing a power cord.I would highly recommend this computer for anyone who has noticed that the only programs they open on their computer are: a web browser, a word processing program, a spreadsheet program, or other parts of the Office suite.
computer|I bought mine during November 2012 and I have used it for the past 4 months. Chromebook has become as a go to computer for my family and my Win 8 PC and Win 7 laptop are there just as a backup.I'm not a photography or video enthusiastic and most of my photos are taken using smartphones. So i don't need a software to enhance my photo or video.The software products that we use 99.5% of the time at my home are Excel, Word, Powerpoint, Web browser(emails, bank accounts, news, facebook...,) and calculator. All these apps works very well on chromebooks. We use Skydrive for Excel and word, sliderocket for presentations.I heard lot of people complains that these chromebooks are not worth without internet connection. IMO all our electronic devices are worthless without internet connection. Try living with your ipad(or other tablets) or laptop (PC or Mac) for a week without internet connection and share your experience.
computer|I got my Chromebook around the middle of February after searching for a long time for a laptop/netbook I would like. I'm a junior in high school and I will be taking college and high school classes next year, so I wanted something that I could use for all my papers and projects. I'm also a frequent user of the internet (I'm a teenager, so sites like twitter, pinterest and facebook are used a lot...). I was looking for something small and fast with a good keyboard. I also don't like Windows and don't have enough money for a Mac.The chromebook meets all my requirements :) It's the perfect size for me to carry around, and the screen is not too big yet not too small. It really does have a fast start up; my laptop is the fastest out of all of my friends, and some of theirs are pretty high end stuff. The keyboard is pretty standard, the only thing I don't really like is not have a start button or a delete button, although I'm used to that already because of various other laptops used.The only cons are not being able to use things such as iTunes on it. I don't really mind too much, although I really dislike not having spotify. :(All in all, it's a great device for everyday use if it fits your needs.
computer|This is an amazing machine at this price point. Totally happy with mine! It bears mentioning that this doesn't operate like a normal laptop. It's basically a web browser. But if you live in te cloud like me that's not a drawback!
computer|Love it its great have to get use to it but more than all i love it i have not had any problems as of yet and do not want any at all
computer|I spent sometime researching this computer before purchasing it and i couldn't be happier with the decision!! First of all the computer arrived before expected. Then as i started to register all my Google information (the computer has no windows) i realized that the memory is not a huge deal bcuz you get 100gm on a cloud for Google. I would deff recomend this product, it has all the perks. Its very cute and has great battery life and its exactly what i needed as a laptop.
computer|Back in the day I used to enjoy building machines, twiddling, etc... My macbook generally has me looking at chrome, emacs and misc terminal stuff. On my chromebook, I keep an ssh open to another host and do roughly the same. I do wish it had more pixels (and that the software had proper emacs bindings like all the other computers I use). Otherwise, I am spending all my time on it.
computer|this is an amazing prouduct. it has more than enough power i have even played game like btd5 with no problems. this is the perfect laptop for casual to moderate use.
computer|I had the original Chromebook that Google sent some people for free under the guise of mystery to see what it was and how it works. This is a new interpretation of that. I am reviewing this for someone who has no idea what a Chromebook is or who it is for.A Chromebook in some ways is similar to a tablet with a made in keyboard. Chromebook has a very small operating system that you can't break, doesn't get viruses and essentially updates itself. What you get in that simplicity is basically no maintenance-- great for those who know very little about computers, tend to always get infected with spyware, those who may not be tech-savvy, etc. and only need to get online for email, internet browsing, youtube playing-- the normal basics.What you get more than a tablet is a full regular keyboard and touchpad. You get a browser and all of the Google Apps family of "Microsoft Office equivalents" of documents, spreadsheet, and others. You get access to the Chrome store for other web-apps. You won't get everything here, but the store is expanding rapidly.What you get less than a PC is that you can't install Windows applications and some offline applications that work without an internet connection. The Chromebook is really the true 'netbook. It expects an internet connection at almost all times to be most useful and enjoyable.Let's not joke: this thing is super cheap. And in many ways looks like an 11.6" Macbook Air. If you're on an absolute budget and can only afford this Chromebook, it is quite sleek and adequate for the money. That being said if you're a premium hardware snob you'll be disappointed-- the touchpad is not nearly as sensitive as a premium (or Apple) touchpad, it has a hollow cheap-ish click and the keyboard is a bit hollow. That being said, if you are new to computers, don't be bothered by those descriptions: You'll only notice those drawbacks if you've already tasted the sweet nectar of a premium high end laptop that's build from metal.This one is built with plastic and it feels like it was intentionally imaged after the Macbook Air 11.6" or other Ultrabooks. This is a good thing. The unit is slim in most aspects and is quite visually appealing compared to other Chromebooks. The charger brick is tiny. The charging jack is tiny. The battery life is very good but the horsepower under the hood is light-- don't expect to have 20 tabs open in Chrome and get great performance.This is Chromebook reloaded-- and it's clearly moving in the right direction. They have a concept Chrome operating system and that idea of limited but bulletproof will entice some and turn off others. Either you're in or your not. Once you're in, the appearance and design matter, and that's where this evolution is compared to previous Chromebooks.I rated this 4 stars instead of 5 for the hollow touchpad and hollow keyboard feeling. I also had to return my first one because the device kept locking up. That was a random fluke bad unit and I didn't detract for that because a lifetime of tech purchases has told me that even the best have occasional failures.If you're just looking to touch your toes in the Chromebook, this is my recommended option.
computer|UPDATED on April 4, 2013: Yippee! This device now streams Netflix!! (It didn't when I posted the original review.)--- Original review: ---Okay, I admit it: this could be a honeymoon phase. But I'm really enjoying this gadget. Of course, it's not a replacement for my "real" computers. But it's fabulous at the things I use a computer for about 90% of the time. I check emails and other online sites, and I write. Sometimes I watch movies. This sleek, light, and nimble device handles all those functions flawlessly. With a very comfortable, fully functional keyboard built in.I bought this the other day at Best Buy. I'd gone in to the store the day before just to look at one in person, thinking I'd order it here if I wanted one. But I decided to just get it the next day instead of waiting for even two day shipping.My main reason for buying the Chromebook was for going online and making notes when traveling. I don't need to do offline photo processing on it, but I want to either upload photos to my cloud storage, or copy photo files from my camera card to other media so I have at least one backup copy. I've had no problems using this Chromebook to copy and paste photo files from an SD card taken from my camera, to both a USB 3.0 flash drive, and a USB 3.0 external hard drive. I've also played MP4 video files from both USB 2.0 and USB 3.0 external drives, with no problems. Please note that despite an earlier review posted here, this machine DOES have USB ports: one USB 2.0 and one USB 3.0. It also has an HDMI port.I'm learning the touchpad, although I prefer using a mouse.And now that I have the Chromebook I use it at home all the time. My iMac is getting a rest. It's there for the computing tasks that the Chromebook can't do. Like tax returns, and photo editing. In the meantime I'm running around with the Chromebook most of the time.UPDATE on March 2, 2013: I still love this thing and use it constantly. If you have a Mac Bluetooth keyboard, put it next to the Chromebook keyboard, and notice how very similar they are. I've also purchased a Plugable USB 2.0 to 10/100/1000 Gigabit Ethernet LAN Wired Network Adapter (ASIX AX88178 Chipset) to get online with Chromebook via Ethernet if I'm somewhere that's the only internet option. (I could have bought a cheaper adapter, but I splurged.)ANOTHER UPDATE on March 4, 2013: Yesterday I bought a Logitech Wireless Anywhere Mouse MX at Costco. I've been using one of these for awhile on my desktop iMac, and like it so much I wanted one to use with (alternately) my laptop and my Chromebook. I'm happy to report that I plugged in the tiny USB receiver for the mouse, powered up the mouse, and the mouse instantly worked with my Chromebook. The side forward/back buttons work with the browser, and the scrolling is great. I'm getting used to the touchpad on the Chromebook but still prefer to use a mouse when possible. This one is good. (The model number on the Anywhere MX Mouse box that I bought, is 910-003194. I don't know the difference between that and the model numbers shown on the various versions of the mouse sold here. Just saying.)
computer|My husband just surprised me with a chromebook for my birthday. Yay! I have been reading the reviews and great additional comments from Dr. T and others since Christmas. This machine is exactly what I expected and even better. I had a galaxy tab 2 7" for a few months last year, but discovered I'm not a fan of large touch screens. The keyboard on this device is very comfortable to use, speakers sound really good, and I am pleased with the display. I am impressed with the quality for the price.
computer|After a couple hours with this bad boy, I figured I had the justice to write the review. So here we go.The Good:+ Loving the matte screen. It's very anti-glare, and has a VERY crisp image+ Google Chrome is not as bad as I thought it would be as an OS...+ The keyboard is something I was able to get used to decently fast+ It's very compact, and lightweight+ It's perfect for students, or office work!+ Love the multi-touch mouse pad!+ It has a webcam, but if you use Skype to video chat, read #1 in "The Bad"The bad:- It's locked down, meaning you cannot install anything except what Google Chrome has to offer. Therefore, no things like Skype until Google decides they want to add it, if ever.- The power button is right above the backspace, and right were delete usually is, so dont miss! ;)- The mouse pad, and clicker are one thing, therefore, if you are using 1 finger to navigate, and the other to click, you may end up moving the mouse in two different directionsThe ugly:Nothing yet... it's pretty sleek lookin!Verdict (TL/DR) - It's a great laptop. The size and weight make it insanely portable, but also make it feel like it is not very tough, so you are likely to have to take good care of it in your travels. The Google OS doesnt fail as hard as I was assuming it would have, but it does severely limit the point of having a laptop. For those of you who want a laptop, and plan to use it a lot for Skype, dont get a Chromebook. However, if you are more of a Google Hangouts person, it should be fine for you. Otherwise, I would really give this my suggestion for students like myself. It's something simple to take to class for notes and such, and will get the job done. Just wish Google would allow us more freedom with it.
computer|Samsung Chromebook (Wi-Fi, 11.6-Inch)More affordable than Apple's iPod Touch(!), the Samsung XE303C12-A01US Chromebook will likely become the game-changer in the MacBook Air/Wintel Ultrabook category of personal computing. This Chromebook has achieved a remarkable market position when one considers the combination of its competitive price-point, seamless cloud-based performance and battery life, and appealing hardware design that makes even the $999 low-end MacBook Air look like a massive rip-off.Yes, Samsung's XE303C12 does not (yet- see Gmail Offline) run well-known applications from its local storage, and privacy may be a concern with its cloud-based storage of user data. But this gain in convenience usually comes at some reduction in security, especially in the new paradigm of cloud computing. The convenience gain: data backup and operating system maintenance procedures are now automatic and free-of-charge, and damage or theft to your computer will not result in major data loss. Just change your Google password and buy another reasonably-priced $249 Chromebook and your worries are minimized. Of course, more secure computing alternatives will always have its adherents, but for general users (students, digital immigrant family members, tech-savvy children), this Chromebook will provide a welcome relief to the premium hardware "tax" that comes with most of Apple's popular computing products.Microsoft Office fans will be delighted to know that limited web-based versions of Word, Excel, and Powerpoint programs can be used free-of-charge through the Chrome browser using the free (for the first 7GB) SkyDrive storage service. Ah, the free benefits of the cloud computing era! Will this emerging low-cost personal computing paradigm spell the end of the Apple/Microsoft business model dominance? It remains to be seen, but I, for one, am grateful in beginning my investigation and eventual investment in Google's open-source, low-cost, innovative ecosystem that facilitates the development of 21st century digital skills for the overall empowerment of the masses...and yes, I am writing this review on my new Samsung Chromebook!
computer|I thought I did my research on this Samsung Chromebook but somehow I missed the part where it doesn't run Skype. Google wants you to run Google+. While that is to be expected, it smacks of Apple in the way they limit certain apps and programs to suit Apple. None of my contacts use Google+ so I hate to think I have to buy another device just to web chat. Otherwise I'd give this little device 5 stars. It is perfect for me in every other way though, very portable, kind of like a hybrid between a tablet and laptop. I'm very happy with the purchase and Amazon was amazing as usual with the fast delivery and smooth transaction.UPDATE: March 5,2013. I still love this Chromebook but I did end up getting a clearance Acer Aspire One D270-1824 for the functions that only a hard drive can perform. I keep it at home and now I have the best of both worlds for just over $400.00. While I'm downloading songs on my Acer I use the Chromebook to surf the web and email in blazing speed without the hang-ups of a hard drive. I use McAfee to keep viruses at bay on my Acer but that's not an issue with my Chromebook. I should mention that the Chromebook updates in literally seconds after you shut the unit down. Because of the hard drive my Acer takes what seems forever to update Windows, McAfee, Adobe, etc. But, I can use Skype on my Acer, not Chromebook. The trade-offs aren't an issue since I bought both devices. It really makes the point that there isn't a single perfect device for everyone because of all the competing programs and platforms.To sum it all up for anyone considering the Google Chromebook the main point of getting a Chromebook for me was simply surfing the web and receiving/sending email. Think of it as a portable web browser without any storage and you'll come to appreciate it for what it truly is, limitations and all. I bring it to work and browse my bookmarked websites and send/read email during lunch. Flip open the top, connect to free wifi and you're online in seconds. No more waiting for the hard drive to boot up and start up programs to load. That's the beauty of a Chromebook.
computer|Simple lightweight fast beautiful loud strong battery..need I say more? Google products rock. Easy to pick up and learn and the support grows more and more everyday . go Google!.
computer|When my daughter said "daddy I downloaded a lot of games and my laptop is still not slow". I didn't need to hear anything else.
computer|I really do like this computer, but of course it is not without its shortcomings. For starters, getting my hands on one of these proved to be pretty difficult. I didn't want to pay the inflated Amazon prices, so I had to scour every Bestbuy within the area until I hit one that had just gotten in a shipment (I actually ended up getting two).For the price, the Chromebook really is a pretty great machine. The battery life is wonderful, usually allowing around 6.5-7 hours of use. On this to note, however, the machine doesn't sleep in the same way that, say, a Macbook would. Closing the lid doesn't really do much in the way of saving power. If you are going to leave this thing unused over night, be sure to power it down, or you'll wake up to a dead battery.The keyboard really is great. The keys do tend to rattle a tad when typing, but hey, $250 bucks.The screen could be better, colors do seem a little washed out, but hey, $250 bucks.Really light, very portable. The main reason I purchased the Chromebook was for school, mostly for taking notes, and it does that really well. Easy to carry around campus, barely even notice that it's in my backpack.I had initially hoped that this machine would replace my old Macbook Pro, but realistically, after having used it for over a month, that seems unlikely.For one, Google Doc's is pretty inferior to a full fledged word processing program like Microsoft Word.Two, the Chrome OS seems a lot less stable than Windows or Mac OS. There have been a few times that notes/documents haven't saved, or saved twice and then both been deleted after trying to get rid of the duplicate copy. Apps will occasionally not open properly, sometimes the machine will start up and I'll find my settings to have been changed mysteriously, apps sometimes remove themselves from the launch bar. A bit frustrating, and one of the reason's that I haven't fully given up using my old Macbook Pro.Another troublesome issue that affected only one of the Chromebooks I purchased: after shutting the lid, the machine refused to wake from sleep mode. I looked up the issue and it seemed to be a fairly common problem among other users. Annoying, but fixable problem (switch the machine to run in developer [unstable] mode).Really is a great machine for the price. If you have a heavy computer that you don't want to lug around between work/school/library/etc., I would say grab this one instead.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------UPDATE:3 months in, forced to lower rating. Notepad has on NUMEROUS occasions erased my entire catalog of entires. I had made sure to make them available both online AND synced to Google Docs. Were they in either of those places? No.Glitchy, unreliable, frequently fails to turn on, will occasionally shutdown for no apparent reason, or display a "Woops! Something went wrong!" message and then shut down.In hindsight I should have just bought another Mac, or, hey, even a PC. This machine really is limited by the fact that it does not have a hard drive. Keeping things organized is SUCH a pain. The interface is way too glitchy/unpolished to allow for an enjoyable experience. Really doesn't feel like a computer, more like a skittish tablet. Bottom line, if all you are going to use this for is browsing the web, go for it, but if you plan on actually getting work done, look elsewhere.
computer|I already have a notebook that is 2 years old and after using my tablets the notebook seems like it weighs a ton. I love that I can slip a tablet in my purse when I travel but sometimes I need more than a tablet. The Chromebook is perfect for me! It is lightweight and the keyboard is just as good as the one on my notebook and I think the touch pad is better. I did have to increase the font a little for my aging eyes but that was simple to do. I have been using Chrome browser since it first came out so this was simple for me. I've been very happy with this purchase but I am a fan of Google products, also have a Nexus 7 tablet so I might be prejudiced. If you just want a little more than a tablet and still want to take it along with you, give this a look. Read the tech reviews. This is the model you want, not the lower priced model from a different manufacturer or the higher priced one from the same manufacturer.
computer|I love my laptops (a beautiful Asus for personal use and a reliable Lenovo for work), and I've been a heavy iPad user since standing in line for the first generation model several years ago. Between laptop and iPad, I wasn't sure there was much space in the middle for a Chromebook. But, when I started reading the rave reviews of the next gen Samsung Chromebook, and when the price fell under two hundred and fifty bucks, I decided to give it a try.And I love it! A huge percentage of my laptop/tablet use is for web browsing and emailing. The Chromebook is purpose-built for both. The Chrome browser works just like it does on my laptop, and being able to have multiple browser windows open is a very nice advantage over my iPad. As you'd expect, the Chromebook works beautifully with gmail, Google Voice, and Google Docs. I wish it ran Skype, but since I've been using Skype and Google video chat and Hangouts pretty interchangeably over the past year, so I don't really miss having Skpe on the Chromebook.For emails longer than a short paragraph, the Chromebook is hugely more convenient than my iPad. I've always loved the convenience of the iPad, but responding to emails that required more than a sentence or two was a pain. In the week I've had the Chromebook, I'd bet my iPad use has dropped by 75%, mostly because I now use the Chromebook as my default email device.I didn't expect to do much if any document creation on the Chromebook, but Google docs works so well that I've found myself using it for short documents (the equivalent of Word docs) and spreadsheets when it's not worth booting up my laptop. I hadn't used Google Docs before, and was very pleasantly surprised by how easy they are to use.Printing: I have two HP printers at home. One is a bit over two years old, and the other is about a year old. Both are new enough to be ePrint compatible. Configuring the Chromebook to print to these printers took only a minute or two -- less time and work than configuring printers on a laptop. Printing to either printer from the Chromebook is just like printing from a laptop -- same dialogues and everything. Slick and simple.Although the Samsung Chromebook will work for anybody, it really comes into its own if you're already embedded in the Google ecosystem. Gmail, Google docs, Google Voice, Google video chat, etc. are ridiculously easy to use on this Chromebook, as you'd expect.In terms of specs, the Chromebook is noticeably lighter than my "thin and light" laptop. The screen is a bit smaller than I'd like -- comparable to the screen on my Lenovo X200 series business laptop, whereas I prefer a minimum 13" screen. But it's a reasonable tradeoff to get a small size, light weight, and great battery life.The battery life has been a real surprise. I used the Chromebook Thursday night, all day Friday, and Saturday morning on a single battery charge before it shut down. The shut down was a bit startling (no warning), but because the Chromebook stores settings, and because the docs I was working on are all in the cloud, everything came back exactly as it was once I plugged in and restarted.The Chromebook starts up very quickly, even when doing a complete reboot. I typically leave it running, and it goes to sleep after a while or when I close the lid. When I open the lid or swipe the touchpad, it comes back to life in about two seconds. This is close enough to instant that I never feel like I'm waiting for the computer to start up. The experience is much closer to using an iPad than a laptop in this regard.And the price is a bargain. A tablet with a keyboard would cost significantly more. (Speaking of price, the cost of this product on Amazon goes up and down dramatically because the device is still in very short supply as of Feb 2013 and stocks out regularly. If you see a price over two fifty, and you're not in a big hurry, wait a week or two and it's likely to fall back to that level.)Bottom line: I couldn't really see why I'd want a Chromebook in addition to my laptop and tablet, but this device actually fits very nicely into a gap between those products. My laptop is bigger, bulkier, and power hungry; and my iPad is great, but is limited without an external keyboard (at which point it's clunkier than the Chromebook) and too expensive to upgrade regularly. The Chromebook has the efficiency, portability, and battery life of an iPad, but with a very nice keyboard at a fraction of the cost.By the way ... a few years ago, I bought a "netbook" for many of the same reasons that attracted me to the Chromebook. But the netbook turned out to be slow (it was Windows based) with a bad keyboard and terrible battery life. The Samsung isn't like the old netbooks, which were basically ultra-cheap laptops. Instead, it's a very sleek machine optimized for web browsing, emailing, and Google apps (Google docs, Google video, Google voice, etc.). In a world that's going to the cloud, I have a feeling that laptops are quickly going to become horse-drawn wagons.
computer|easy to use, stays on long time with battery, small and thin, light and stays cool. finally found one could get on network. Samsung and my phone company very helpful when I need to ask a ?. thank you.
computer|the computer exceeds the price by far. it is easy to use and does all the functions i need for class
computer|Nice laptop, love the fact that its instant on - no long start up sequence like a Windows machine. Its not for heavy gaming or business, but for social sites and surfing, its perfect. Can't beat the price either.
computer|This is what I was waiting from Google to deliver ,an affordable and portable way toweb browsing . this is a full package considering the price tagthe battery life is good, The overall browsing experience isn't as smooth as I'd like,but that is not a major factor for meI love my chromebook
computer|For the money this is awesome. It does all that we need to do. I think I might even buy another one so husband has his own. We mostly do email and read papers, but we also do some documents. Just the ticket we were looking for instead a a big computer.
computer|Honestly speaking i don't think I can add anything to the reviews that hasn't already been said. I recieved my book a couple of day's later it stopped working,it failed to detect the internet. Spent a couple of days trying to troubleshoot the problem with no luck contacted samsung who pretty much told me to send it back.Printed up the return label yesterday and my new chromebook arrived today, while i was out dropping the old one off at the ups store. The Book is simplicity at its best, nothing more than what you need. I suspect that this could be sold a lot cheaper, but doing so might turn people away? The only reason i was reluctant to buy this device was because the reviews all said netflix didn't work,but they must have solved this because once i down loaded the app I was up and running. I don't have anything else to add just go buy one.
computer|this Chromebook easy carry out with lightly weight , easy get Wi-Fi to Google Website ,simple touch the keyboard .......for i use very profit , I like it ~ &#60;3
computer|So far so good. A little hard to use and still not able to figure out how to transfer info from my old computer over since word is not the same. Some features I love and some, ehh. Keyboard is good, which is important to me.
computer|After getting use to using this product, it pretty much does everything I like 2 do. In the beginning, it kept crashing...maybe attributable to human error. The keyboard, cloud printing & saving etc was nerve-wracking until I found apps that worked normal for classic printing. Having the ability to print to Fed Ex & wirelessly is great too! The Samsung Chromebook costs le$$ than my Nexus 4(w/horrible T-mobile service).
computer|I am extremely pleased with my Chromebook . I wanted something that was easy to use for everyday web browsing and this really fit the bill .
computer|I finally got one of these and LOVE it! Light, fast start up and shut down. Only draw back would be the size of the screen, but that is because the whole thing is smaller and that is what I wanted. Excellent purchase.
computer|When it arrived it was packaged well. I liked the chrome finish and the size. The portability is good, fits into a large purse.
computer|Surprised how light and functional the device is. Much better design than Apple or other laptops, love the extra large track pad.I would use the supplied Chrome OS for a while, but could look to install a real distro (SuSE, Fedora, or Scientific GNU/Linux) sometime in near future. Extremely quite, seems to have NO FANS or other moving parts (other than the hinge to open it) whatsoever.I would like a little more storage, but 16 gig should be enough, as long I keep track of what I need and can get web access to dropbox.
computer|I did my research and had my expectations set high for this laptop and i was not disappointed. It's got everything i need in a computer and besides an occasional iffy wi-fi connection i've got nothing but compliments. Well done google.
computer|Screen and keyboard are good. The battery lasts long and the chromebook doesnt get hot or loud. Blew all my expectations out of the water really nice web browsing machine.Chrome os doesnt have a very good file manager though. Hard to see file sizes, available space on discs and it offered to format my usb drive and failed doing it. But thats about my only problem Ive run into. It's still a new os and they are making it better slowly. Also there's no good apps to manage audio files (google music asked for a credit card) splice video clips together or torrent stuff. But the machines not really meant to be good at that but it has just enough power that I think there should be some barebone apps letting us do that.
computer|...lots of potential. There is still a lot of work that needs to be done (converting files, etc) and the keyboard is still something I need to get used to (no delete button, but an external keyboard solves that issue). One more thing, if I connect this computer to an external monitor, I would like to completely close it so that it can be used but hey...it's a new thing. I'm still learning a lot and the SSD drive is phenomenal.
computer|It is the perfect size. Starts up SO fast. I am SOOO happy with the laptop and the price was super.
computer|I use this at home for surfing the net and such. It is exactly as billed-boots in less than 10 seconds, very long battery life, does not get hot, lightweight yet sturdy and well built. Not a single complaint or problem to report. My wife uses an Ipad which she loves but I prefer this due to the keyboard which I find much easier to use than the Ipad. I thought I would use a mouse with it, since I am accustomed to that, but I find it to be unnecessary with the well designed and easy to use finger pad. Recently took it on a ski trip and was amazed at how much lighter it is than my work-issued Lenovo, and it is just as functional. I love it.
computer|I still have my iPad. I use it for listening to music at work and podcasts in the car. That's it. This Chromebook as replaced it in every other way. I love being able to use a keyboard and mouse to create posts on various social sites. I also love being able to use full-fledged web pages, instead of mobile ones. I get all the stuff I love about Chrome in a form factor that allows for great productivity.The portability of the computer is very helpful to me. I have two small children and I'm constantly having to stand up/sit down/stand up...etc. I can easily sit in my chair using this device and then stand up, carrying it in one hand.The battery life is on par with the specs, about 6 hours. It always has enough charge to use it without having to plug it in.I deducted one star for a few minor hiccups. I've had it for about 6 weeks and 2 or 3 times, when I boot it, the mouse cursor is gone. I have to reboot it, sometimes one than once to get it back. But rebooting takes about 15 seconds, so it's no big deal. Also, ironically, it has trouble scrolling on Google+. It's very slow to respond on that page. I don't know why.I would recommend this machine for anyone who wants to leave their full-fledged computer behind and be untethered by power cords and network cables, while still being able to write and email with the comfort and precision of a keyboard an mouse. I love it.
computer|Skype didn't work for me in IMO but I got gtalk to work within gmail by joining google+.The battery is replaceable which isn't true for ipads, etc.bluetooth I have read will not work with headphones or speakers. It says it's for a mouse. Maybe a mouse that is used for a cellphone with swiping?!! Not sure.I had some lag when i opened more than 7 tabs but other than that, it was fine.I tested it in every way to see if I wanted to keep it. It passed.Printing from staples stores from gdrive worked for me. I had some problems with the keyboard in that I had more typos than I usually have. The touchpad requires me to tap hard but I think that can be adjusted.I say get this. It's so cheap and it's the way to go, but I'd keep a laptop or desktop for heavy work as they want you to work online. When I design websites, I could do it online at photoshop.com, etc but I think it's important to have a high-powered machine if you are doing anything with images.
computer|I LOVE my Chromebook!! Its very thin & Cute. I like it because I can just toss it in my backpack and head to class. Its very light weight not heavy at all. Slim and Portable. Its small but not too small. I'm a college student, & I Love it. Great Quality & Even Great Price.
computer|I got this time within one day. The delivery is far more than I can imagine. The starting speed is as fast as the delivery. Someone might doubt if 16G flash memory is enough. I have to say it's for web using and common office work. Besides, 100G Google Drive for 2 years use. As a college student, I dont need to carry my heavy Mac with me all day long. Its lighter than my textbook and up to 6 hour battery usage.
computer|Portable. A light investment. Useful Battery life. Hooked up easily to other wifi (much easier than with our laptops which have so much more cumbersom security protocols).THE START SPEED IS FABULOUS. But i do keep wondering why i am so impatient with the standard minute or two of start speeds for traditional p.c.s.
computer|Very lite weight convenient can go anywhere where their's Wi-Fi and be connected to the internet super fast !!! the best 249.00 dollar's i'v ever spent in my life !!! samsung chromebook has my 5 star rating..........
computer|This laptop is great, especially if you are a heavy user in all things Google. It really forces you to live in the &#34;cloud&#34;, and once you do you don't want to go back. I now have all my documents, pictures, and music in the included 100 GB of cloud storage and I love it. Everything syncs on all my devices automatically. I don't have to think about what pictures are on each device or having to upload new music to my phone, my tablet, my computers, all separately. Plus you don't have to worry about losing everything to fire or theft. If you get another Chromebook everything is already setup.As for the laptop itself, it's become the device I use the most. The screen won't impress anyone or the plastic body, but it's got a great keyboard, battery life and about as light as my iPad. I actually see this more as a tablet replacement than a desktop one. There are some downside: it's not terribly fast which can be noticeable, of course you're limited to what you can do through a web browser and you mostly need to be online, and for some reason locally saved videos tend to stutter but play fine online. But at this price I have no problem recommending it to anyone especially people who have found their tablets to be very limiting.
computer|i like it i didnt know when i bought it was a wireless only computer but other then that i like it very much
computer|Wife love it can get her off from the ChromeBook very light and handy easy for travel we are planning to use it went we travel
computer|I am tech-challenged, and so I took the advice of a savvy friend to buy the Samsung Chromebook.I don't do any games or fancy stuff...mostly email, some surfing, and I need basic word processing for some writing I do. This little machine is perfect. And little it is! so convenient to travel; but once I open it up, it seems plenty roomy.I was a little concerned about the cloud-based system, but so far no problems. Also, it's easy to compose and edit documents off-line, so I don't have to be in range of a wi-fi source.Nice clear display. Easy to learn functions. What's not to like?And at $249, what a great price!
computer|Great as a secondary device, since it's internet based, it's a little bit limited, but there are enough offline apps available that I haven't felt crippled away from the internet (rarely am I without internet access for long, however). The trackpad is a tiny bit slow (as compared with a Macbook Pro, no slower than my partner's PC's trackpad- still highly functional).I've gotten tons of compliments on the appearance, and everyone I've let play with it thinks it's great. I'm very happy with it, having gone into the purchase knowing it's NOT a &#34;computer&#34; in the traditional sense.Google Chrome allows me to do everything I want with it, which includes internet browsing, video watching, some document sharing/ group organization, LOTS of emailing- I was already an avid Google user before this purchase, so it wasn't a big change. The speakers are good for the size, they're a little tinny sounding sometimes. The battery life is really surprisingly good as well. (I've streamed video for several hours on it all on battery without draining the battery)
computer|This little gem has it all. It has a super clear screen, it's very fast, and it's really thin and lightweight. Perfect for carrying almost anywhere.
computer|Does what it is supposed to do. That's all I asked. Takes some familiarization but I'm getting there. Light. Seems well-built. Noi complaints.
computer|Tablet on Steroids is basically what the chrome book is with a hint on mac like design.Pros; very light, very fast start up. no issue with WIFI. no virus protection needed, super convenient, Price is awesomeCons:speakers could be a bit louder. if u are not a google user you may be turned away.
computer|Very fast start up and moving between screens. Far fewer keystrokes and menus to get to where you want to go.
computer|Got this for extremely specific use cases. Needed a portable machine for the occasional travel and day trips with which I could check email and , if required, access main computer at home via Chrome Remote desktop.Works great in those aspects. The Remote Desktop experience isn't the best given the resolution between the two machines but is most certainly functional. Glad I don't need to carry the main laptop around any more.The unit feels a little small at first but that could be because I've never used anything less than 15 inches. Unibody seems well built and durable. The trackpad takes a little getting used to and isn't as responsive as I would like and a little 'quirky' with the cursor disappearing randomly. Still haven't figured out how to do the 'right click'. The keyboard is extremely comfortable.Boots up quick either from sleep or from a cold boot. Speakers are sufficient for streaming services but would recommend headphones if possible. No issue with Amazon Instant / Xfinity / Hulu.Battery life seems to be a little lower than advertised with a full charge lasting about 4.5 hours but I haven't put that through more formal testing.One of the issues I came across was with network connectivity. Having problems connecting to Android phone hotspot (other devices connect fine). Haven't been able to figure that out yet. Most networks work fine. \Being one of the Google ecosystem constituents, loved the ease of setup, account retrieval and the consistency of syncing across devices. I can search from my main laptop, pick it up from my phone and complete it from the Chrombook. Drive / calendar and other google services work right out of the box. A lot more offline apps coming up and that's an added advantage.Overall, a great machine for what i need it for. Recommend that all prospective buyers closely evaluate what their requirements are before but if they are Google friendly, need a 'cheap' machine to use with primarily online applications this makes a very strong case.
computer|This product was exactly what I was looking for - small, extremely portable, long battery life, exclusively for browsing the web. It totally fulfills all my expectations and it's a darn good price. Once I figured out how to work offline with Docs, it made it even more awesome. Would totally recommend this to anyone who just needs web browsing and simple document editing.
computer|I had this chromebook for several weeks, but had to return it. The port for the power cord is flimsy and poorly made, and after a few weeks of use, the machine wouldn't charge when plugged in. Amazon made the return really easy, and I replaced it with an Acer chromebook which is far more sturdy.
computer|I have owned this chromebook for probably more than a month now. At first it was a huge pain in the ass. It certainly does take some getting use to but once you know how to use this device it is amazing. My biggest complaint, after acknowledging all of the major drawbacks of having a chromebook, was that this device couldn't play certain video formats at first. The workaround was to rename the videos to mp4, was pretty easy but very annoying when your watching a Supernatural marathon and that means over 75+ renames. You certainly can not get by with having this chromebook as your main computer unless all you do is Google Chrome because that is ALL it is. It does not have it's own apps. If you add an "app" from the Chrome Webstore it downloads a link which will open up your "app" in a tab. Clicking on settings will also take you to another tab in chrome. It is ALL chrome, but that isn't necessarily a bad thing. Once you understand that this is not a Windows or Mac or Linux computer you will start to see how easy it is to use, since it is only a web browser and nothing more. For this reason it would be perfect for kids or old people that don't know much about computers. It boots up in under 10 seconds, including time to input password. It goes from sleep to fully on in under 2 seconds. I don't know about the rest of you but that is ridiculously fast! Thousand dollar computers can't even do that, well none that I know of. The speakers are VERY LOUD! I am not an audiophile but the speakers are much more than I was expecting. The only con about them is you can cover them easily if you put them on your lap but it is still more than usable. The screen doesn't wow me but I wasn't expecting much. I like the matte display as it greatly reduces reflection. The keyboard feels pretty good. The trackpad feels decent, not premium but much better than some other ones. My only complaint with the trackpad is if you lift it up and click on things there is a possibility that it may get stuck but can easily be fixed by putting it down and clicking it again. I do a lot of homework on this. I completely forgo Microsoft Word and the other Office programs and I use Google Docs for everything. I love Google Drive. Not only does it have everything you need for work but when I have group projects, which is all the time, it is a LOT more convenient and very helpful being able to collaborate together in real time. Cloud storage is amazing too, especially with videos and how Google Drive has a YouTube player, doesn't actually upload videos to YouTube, that streams videos you upload. Incredibly cool when I am at school or at a friend's house and don't want to the movie but I can stream it. The 100GB is insane too, it doesn't even count the Google apps like Docs or Presentation! The battery life on this machine is amazing as well. I never need to use it more than several hours at a time and when i'm not using it I charge it. Regardless the battery life is easily 6hrs+. This is also INCREDIBLY light and thin as well. I would say that this feels lighter than the MacBook Air. Despite being plastic I feel like this is a premium device when I use it. It is SOOOOO worth the $250 price point! Despite my rocky start I would definitely recommend this product to everyone.tdlrPROS:-CHEAP-EASY TO USE-KEYBOARD FEELS GOOD-100GB CLOUD STORAGE-GREAT BATTERY LIFE-INSANE BOOT AND WAKE UP TIMES(UNDER 10 SECOND BOOT AND UNDER 2 SECONDS WAKE UP)-LOUD SPEAKERS-VERY THIN AND LIGHT-USB 3.0-HDMI-GOOGLE DOCS DOES EVERYTHING FOR WORK(LIKE WORD AND PRESENTATION BUT BETTER IN WAYS)-OVERALL FEELS PRETTY GOOD AND FASTCONS:-NOT TO BE USED AS ONLY COMPUTER DUE TO LIMITATIONS-ONLY CHROME, NO APPS-PAPERWEIGHT WITHOUT INTERNET-FILE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM VERY BASIC-LIMITED VIDEO FORMATS(CAN FIX BY RENAMING TO MP4)-CANNOT MAKE ME BREAKFAST IN BED!!!!!!
computer|These are my thoughts after one week of use: Incredibly nice form factor and I seem to be getting consistently 6 hours on a charge (mainly web application use). Build quality is reasonable; it feels cheap, but not $250 cheap. The screen was brighter and better looking than I expected. Performance is pretty decent, I can manage 8+ tabs with no difficulty at all and without it feeling sluggish. Loading of web pages is slower than my desktop pc, but only by a few seconds it seems.From a hardware standpoint, the device is amazing, especially at its price point. Of course, the limiting factor is what you can and cannot do working from its browser:WORKS:HuluFlash video and gamesMicrosoft web apps (Skydrive)NetflixRemote Desktop (goes along really well with your desktop pc)DOES NOT WORK:Citrix reciever (yes, there is a chrome app, but it does not work unless the IT at your business/institution have things set up specifically to work with chrome os, which probably isn't the case)Amazon prime videoSome native client games (eg Bastion)All in all, I highly recommend it.
computer|If you lead a cloud-based existence and aren't married to Apple, the Chromebook may be exactly the device for you. Very slim, very light, with respectable battery life, this 11.1 inch notebook lives or dies with wifi connections to your Google account. Some apps have offline capabilities, but I don't find that much of a problem, even in my smaller southern Colorado hometown. It just works, really well, without the annoyance of Windows updates or the relatively high maintenance a hobby Linux system requires. Plus, it's the only OS that seems, so far, to be hack-proof. I'm very pleased with it.One big downside: the Bluetooth does not yet support audio devices.
computer|I just received my Samsung Chromebook and I am really enjoying it. After my old computer crashed this laptop is so easy to use and has all the same properties as I had on my old computer. It's just like my old computer with Google applications and so easy to look things up.
computer|Since the Chromebook arrived in the mail I have been using it continuously. It's small, thin and light weight, user friendly and with a price tag you can't beat. It rivals my new MacBook Air which is sitting here unused now, along with two older laptops. Way to go!
computer|I bought this product using amazon.com (US) and Comgateway in order to obtain it. Living in Brussels (Belgium), this particular chromebook is not officially available in the European mainland as far as I know. This is the first drawback, it costs me additional fees to get it here via an intermediary company.Before I start with the critics I want to state that I serieously recommend this product to every everyday user of the internet. It is way better and efficient than using a much more expensive tablet. I think that most of the positive critics are already widely known due to Googles campaign and other news media writing about this product. So I will predominantly focus on the not so great experiences I sometimes had with this product the first few weeks after I received it.Startup, screen, speakersOn the functioning of the Chromebook: It works great! Seriously fast startup time as well as opening files etc. (due to the 16gb SSD) the screen is very clear and the speakers work fine. Keep in mind that I say this with the price category in mind. it is not a full-HD screen and the speakers are small and of mediocre quality compared to any high-end stereo system. Still equal or better than most notebooks I used.Bodythe plastic body is again of low cost quality but suffices when treated when care you'd expect from a notebook user. the four pads on the bottom that are used for support are working well, when on a hard surface it does not slip. A serious drawback is the thickness of the rubber supporters. just a small grain of hard material can cause loads of scratches on the bottom side. Like most notebooks the battery gets quite warm when using the charger or watching a long video like a movie. The absence of a hard drive (no fan) helps not getting overheated though.keyboard and touchpadthe keyboard is GREAT. I really like that Google kept the standard size despite of having a relatively small screen. It works great. not flaws whatsoever. Instead of the Caps-lock key there is a search key. Example of added application value: having a lot of bookmarks, it is much more efficient to just hit the search button and type the first 2-3 letters of the webpage, enter, of you gothe touchpad is another story; it works very precise, the clicking and tapping as well. But when the chromebook is charging, half of the time the touchpad is not precise at all. up and down, left and right movements are far from precise and diagonal movement is just impossible. One will see a zig-zag snake movement.Functioning Chrome OSChrome OS is working smooth most of the time. It is told that although it is a very stripped down operating system it works perfectly for its main goal: Getting the user the best internet experience. In my opinion this works great most of the time but there were several instances, especially when streaming videos and using the full screen mode, that the screen just goes black and one had to use the escape button to get it back working again. other more serious problems occurred also when in the same situation as mentioned before but then the whole system would all of a sudden shut down, for no reason. the last system failure I have experienced also for several times was that it just got stuck when playing a video in full screen mode. In the manual there is no solution for such a situation mentioned but i just pressed the on/off button for several seconds and the system would restart like nothing went down. So the stability of the system is seriously debatable in my opinion. fingers crossed that the automatic updates will solve these problems...Last point I want to critisize, is that loads of programs are not compatible (yet) with Chrome OS. Applications like Skype and Silverlight do not work on Chrome OS. Maybe because the group of users is still relatively small or maybe for other reasons. I hope google or the simple increase of Chrome OS user would change the minds of the companies that do not have made there applications Chrome OS compatible.Looking back at the above mentioned criticism, I do not want to create an image of this chromebook to be not good. I like it very much and use it every day. I love the product I got for the money I spend. It is just that one has to keep in mind that it is 'just' $250,- and Chrome OS has just started its rise to power in the market!
computer|The Samsung Chromebook is a great machine and does well filling the gray area between smart phones and traditional computers. I did quite a bit of research before purchasing this and I will say that I had not yet leaped into the cloud-mentality. The Chromebook changed that.There are many naysayers out there for this device, but the technology behind the Chromebook is both impressive and effective. You will also see reviews pushing the notion that a Chromebook is an expensive web browser. There is a quarter-ounce of truth to this, but should not be a slogan by any means.The Chromebook is perfect for portability. There are zero moving parts in its internal components. You never have to update software. Classic access to Google Drive/Docs is the same. Google's office-software acquisitions as of late should indicate more robust features are coming. Standard keyboard with some new (and worthwhile) tricks you'll have to learn. Stretch out those puffy, Vienna sausage fingers if you've spent any time on a netbook. Also, you will not get a virus or accumulate piston-ceasing malware that has once again seeped through your McAfee.When many take a hard look at what they do, a majority of the time everything is web-based anyway. Not for everyone, though, so completely understandable. Think about what you need and what you do. This is not a graphics, design, or media editing powerhouse. It is a light device for getting to job done on the go. Are you a blogger, coder, editor, emailer, surfer, reader, or Pandora-er? You are covered. Yes, its common model is wifi only and there are complaints about that. However, almost anyone with a smartphone these days can create a secure hotspot, and bam, Bob's your uncle. Your free 2400-baud Starbucks wifi node is now your backup plan.Wait, who mentioned Netflix?! Netflix works on Chromebooks as of March 12, 2013. If you did not know that, then buy a Chromebook and sign up for Twitter too. See you in cloudspace...
computer|I read so many reviews before I purchased a Chromebook, and many of them were quite helpful, but there were those that went right over my head....so I thought I would just relate my experience for any other Granny out there.When my laptop started showing it's age I wanted to replace it with something just a bit more portable. So much of what I need to do online (email, blog, message boards, and read) are not things I necessarily need to store on my own computer, but are places I just need access. I know techies call it &#34;the cloud&#34;.....I just call it....&#34;out there somewhere&#34;. I knew I didn't necessarily need a huge processor or large amounts of storage &#34;space&#34;, and I also love to take the laptop to a local coffee shop to people watch and write....so a good battery and something that doesn't make my shoulder ache were my goals.For the most part I'm happy with the Chromebook. I was online and going within 5 minutes of opening the box. The size is perfect for slipping into a large purse or small bag. The battery lives up to it's 6 hour promise. The keyboard doesn't feel as small as I feared it would, and is fairly comfortable to use.Now for the things that I didn't expect:There is no cap lock. Hmmmm.....after 40+ years of typing I'm finding it hard to remember that fact AND it does make the transition from typing all day at work to computing at home a bit confusing.The &#34;two finger&#34; touchpad just doesn't work for me, I'm scoured the forums looking for some mystical magical trick that I'm missing to no avail. There is no right click/ left click function, so things that used to be so simple like clicking on a word to use the spell check function or right clicking to open things in a new tab don't work. I didn't realize just how much I used the right click function on the touchpad of my laptop.There is no delete key in upper right corner however, the power key is up there so I have MORE THAN ONCE turned the thing off in the middle of what I am doing. I miss my delete key. I miss highlighting unwanted text and quickly using the right click to edit, so I am finding that some of the usual chores I do online are taking me longer or I'm procrastinating them until I am home on the desktop.The last negative for me is that the keyboard is very sensitive. If I stop typing (to ponder the meaning of life and everything) and allow my hand to relax then the cursor jumps all over the place and I end up erasing what I've written.So to wrap it up, for my use, the Chromebook is not comfortable for extending writing or blogging, but is great for checking email, surfing, reading and most other general things that I use a laptop for while on the go. Great for travel, but when I am really feeling inspired and want to sit down and hash out some creative writing, the omission of often used keys, and placement of others leaves me feeling frustrated instead of motivated.
computer|Performance is mostly fine, but can get sluggish on heavy web pages. One noticeable spot for lagginess is the boot-up. The Series 5 550 (link below) booted up in five seconds and awoke from sleep in less than two. This Chromebook takes about 15 seconds to boot to the login screen and about three seconds to wake up from sleep mode.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B007Y8DJ22/ref=as_li_ss_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=390957&creativeASIN=B007Y8DJ22&linkCode=as2&tag=stupisms-20Over several months of use, I consistently got about six and a half hours of battery life out of it before needing a charge, which is a bit more than previous Chromebooks from Samsung and Acer. Watching video nonstop will drain the battery more quickly, in about four hours or so.If you want the fastest Chromebook out there, this isn't it. But, Samsung's little machine is still very capable, and it meets the same needs as its more powerful and higher-priced predecessor, albeit with less horsepower and speed.
computer|To keep this review short and succinct, for the money, I don't see how this computer can be beat. It came to me as advertised, easy to get started, quick loading, and small and light. It is all that. None of the clunkiness of a windows machine, none of the updates, patches, loading this or that. Just sign in to google and bam...you're in and online.I have no issues. If you want a small, light, portable machine with good battery life for small change, this would be a good choice.************Edit*************After one week with this machine, I am still wonderfully happy with it for what it is. I am thrilled that it only takes me 30 seconds max from a dead shutdown to surfing the web; nice on time compressed mornings. It's been a wonderful machined that does (nearly)everything you could ask. FIVE STARS
computer|Love my &#34;chromebook&#34;! It is so easy to use and is fast! Just open it up and it is loaded! Good instruction and hints for more efficient use! This little computer has a great, easy to use key board! If you are not real familiar with computers---this is for YOU!
computer|I only have been using this Chromebook for several weeks, so my review is based on that. So Far So Love!! Right out of the box setup, fast and portable cuteness! No Virus worries. Bright and Clear screen, first time use i obtained 10 hrs of battery life!!Recommend you read completely what this little chromebook offers before purchasing, it is perfect for my needs.,The keyboard is large along with a nice size touchpad, similar to a regular laptop. It takes a Logitech Mouse with no problem. Hopefully more downloads will be available in the future. It comes with many apps which i have not reviewed yet.. Alas, no Delete button but you get use to the backspacing...All in All Fun and Fast!!
computer|First I must tell you I love Apple products I love the way they're made it and I love everything about that. I never heard of a chrome book I read some things and articles from Engadget but never really had a chance to see how one looked and worked.I must say I'm very impressed with the build quality first and foremost it's an amazing laptop and very long battery life.I use my iPad 99% of the time however that 1% I ended up needing a laptop something that I could check on my credit reports that I can't do with my iPad.This really fits the bill I was very impressed with the build quality and the lightness and thiness of this laptop I'm really starting to get into chrome and how the apps work this is perfect for me and it might be perfect for you.
computer|I wasn't expecting a whole lot and I got way more than I bargained for. I still can't believe this laptop is only $250. I have been an Apple user since 1989 and this is the first non-Apple computer I've ever purchased. I got this as a second (or third) computer as I have an iMac as my main system and an ailing MBP circa 2007 that is still chugging along. I was looking at replacing the MBP with a Macbook Air, but was balking at the pricetag. I really didn't need it to do any heavy lifting in terms of video, photo or web work, but mainly to catch up on email, keep up with scheduling, do some research and use office documents. I've since found a lot more uses for it...For me the killer app on this system is the Remote Desktop app which means that you can access your main system remotely and use any app on that system, save to Google Drive or Drop Box and you're good to go while away from your office. It is small, light and very quick. I've had zero issues in the three weeks I've had it. I'm happy to be free of Apple's spinning beachball (curiously never happens when I'm buying something from their store...), the weight of my old MBP and am super happy that this cost me a sixth of the cost of a Macbook Air!!!Cloud computing is easy to get used to. Google makes it ridiculously easy. They will need to beef up their app store to make this viable in the long term and I believe they will do it.A quick note for Canadian customers. You're going to have to purchase this in the US and bring it back with you. A lot of Google's products like Google Play for music and movies don't work in Canada which really sucks. You only need the wifi version as the 3G is pointless here. There are plenty of great apps to do what you normally do in those bloated, overly expensive Mac apps (can't speak for Windows), it's just a question of finding the appropriate equivalent. To be honest, my MBP is sitting on my desk with the lid shut collecting dust. I don't have to think twice to take the Chromebook with me as it is so small and light. The build quality is really impressive, maybe not as sexy as a MBA, but definitely well built. Samsung and Google have really done an incredible job! Well done!!! I can't recommend this little laptop and Chrome OS highly enough. If you're on the fence, get off and pull the trigger.Now please get those great apps working in Canada. If it is about local authorities and licensing, then let us know exactly where we as citizens of this country can put pressure to get our monumentally stupid politicians to relax the rules so we can all play - happy to do it, just need a target for the arrow.
computer|It doesn't replace all the functionality of my iPad, or all the functionality of my laptop (HP Win7), but it definitely compliments them. I've also got an iPhone - and I get good use out of each of these four devices (iPad, chromebook, iPhone, and laptop) in different ways.Pros of the chromebook vs iPad:- Real web browsing (so easy to have multiple tabs open and switch between them)- Typing any kind of document is so much better - especially google docs.- Screen size is a bit larger.- Hulu and other flash only web-sites work.Pros of the iPad vs chromebook:- Better games on the iPad- Better selection of "apps"- Very functional offline- NetflixPros of the chromebook vs Laptop- lightweight - way more portable- startup/shutdown/sleep is way faster- touchpad is better for scrolling web-sites- quiet, no heat- battery life is betterPros of laptop vs chromebook- a "real" computer, can do it all- can remote control my work machine using RDC (chrome remote control is a no-no at my work)I think I'd rather have a Macbook Air than a chromebook. But at 1/4 the cost - it was easy to justify buying this guy and it has been well worth it.I've enjoyed having it and am glad that I bought it. I've owned it for a couple of months now and haven't had any issues so far.
computer|No hard disk, updates automatically, has the basic features you use a laptop for, and at a good price. I like it.
computer|I'm going to preface this by saying that I have a 17&#34; MacBook Pro that is my workhorse computer, but I needed something smaller that I could carry around, take into classrooms, and use on-the-go as well as in my home. I bought this tablet for several reasons: 1) I wanted to try the Chrome OS; 2) I needed a versatile laptop that I could carry with me everywhere; 3) I needed something I could travel easily with; 4) I needed a laptop that would allow me to work on my dissertation wherever I went.The good:1) The size is nearly perfect. It's not too big, nor too small, to handle my larger hands. The keyboard is laid out well and provides comfort.2) The screen is matted (which I prefer) and provides an easy viewing.3) The weight is amazing. This feels like it weighs less than most of my tablets (Asus Transformer Prime, iPad2) and packs just as easily as any of them.4) The speed in which it connects is fast -- no matter where I go.5) I received 100Gb of additional space on Google DriveThe bad:1) There is a slight noise in the trackpad area where my wrist rests. It sounds like it pops up and down -- but this is intermittent and hasn't even happened in a week.2) I have had some trouble finding a few networks when I've traveled -- networks that I can find on my phone and/or tablets. In one case I gave up and just used the TPrime with the attached keyboard.Overall, I would highly recommend this computer if you use Google products extensively, if you use the internet extensively, and/or if you do not need proprietary software installed on your laptop. Since I am writing my dissertation in Google Drive, this fits my needs.
computer|It took a while but I was fortunate that someone returned one of these to Amazon and I was able to pick it up for less than the advertised retail cost. I have been sitting in front of computers for near on four decades now. Spent plenty of time using Windows machines at work and even had some early windows 'ultraportables' such as the Sharp Muramasa. For home use, I went with AAPL at the launch of OSX more than a decade ago and have a house full of those machines, both desktop and laptop. This Chromebook just amazes me with that history.This thing is1. amazingly affordable. 2. amazingly light 3. amazingly energy efficient 4. amazingly high performing. What you need to understand about this machine is that performance is fully a function of your internet connection speed. Below 10Mb/s it gets a little laggy. With a wifi signal above 10Mb/S it works like a champ. My other laptop is a 15" MPB with a processor rated at about double the speed of this machine and more RAM but can you tell a difference at internet speeds above 10Mb/s? No. Would I rather take this machine with me when traveling and have full access to every web site that I normally access via laptops and desktops in my home? Yes absolutely. Should you get one of these? Yes. Sure, if you spend a significant amount of time on the machine you now have using some local software program, this is not the machine for you. If you, on the other hand spend the majority of your time in a web browser. You want one of these. Just don't be an a$$ and pay more than what GOOG or AMZN is selling them for new from some scalper. Get one when you can get one for 250 or less.
computer|I needed a compact notebook with a long battery life for travelling. I went into the store intending to purchase a MacBook air, and left with this little gem. For someone who uses his computer almost exclusively for browsing and email, this is perfect. It is light, simple to use, and has a great keyboard. The Chrome OS is completely intuitive, fast, and starts up in seconds.Like many others, I've been waiting a long time for a netbook that doesn't run Windows, and there was no way I was going to learn Windows 8 just to browse the web. I haven't tried watching movies on it yet, which is another thing I use computers for, but I have my iPad for that if it doesn't go well.Overall, an outstanding value and one of a series of products which will likely drive Windows out of the netbook market within a year or two. Be very very afraid, Steve Ballmer.
computer|it is just as good as it advertised, light wt. fast, good price and battery life, I use it everyday! will recommand to everlyone.
computer|Great!!!!!!! No complaintsEasy to use and the best customer service you could wish for. I recommend this notebook to the people who enjoy the simple things in life.
computer|This product was a great buy!! The quality was remarkable and the product was awsome. My daughter loved this gift!
computer|I bought this for the simplicity and great price. Use it primarily for surfing and email and works just fine so far. Much faster than my desktop, instant on. Don't have to buy virus protection and haven't missed Windows, can open and send Word and Excel if needed. Can print through regular printer on your network as well as wireless printers. Handy size to carry around but would like a larger version as well. I have a tablet but hated not having a real keyboard and this is much easier to use than a touch screen.
computer|I needed a new laptop and am extremely satisfied with my decision to buy this one. It is very light, the screen is easy to read, and the keyboard is very close to full size. I also love that I can type a document here and then access it on any computer with internet access.
computer|great product, worth the wait and the very inexpensive price all thumbs up on this one go out and purchase!
computer|I love my new Chromebook. It is a great internet reading device and great for light email (not heavy on MS attached files). I already used Chrome as my preferred internet browser and gmail as my email service so it was a breeze to begin using this device. I like it better than a tablet because of the keyboard. It is light and easy to carry around the house or on a trip. It holds a charge for a long time and it is very low maintenance. Set up was simple and I am delighted with the purchase.
computer|I love this computer. For the price, there is nothing that compares. It is very light, has good battery life, and boots up in seconds. With Chrome Remote, I can control my computer at home from anywhere, and use all of the Windows programs as if I was at home. It's not an Apple, but it's also not $1500. This is definitely the future of computing.
computer|I just changed jobs and had to give up my company provided iPad. I wanted something tosurf the web while surfing the sofa at home. My first impressions of this device are fantastic. It feels very well built but it is very light. As many people have commented, the keyboard is very nice. I do like having the physical keyboard over the tablet touch screen. I love the quick "boot up". It's fast. Not as fast as an iPad obviously, but fast enough. I have quickly picked up on how to use Google services that I never used. The Google drive for storage (with 100GB for free) works like a champ. I had my printer set up to print from the Google cloud in about 10 minutes (not that I'll use it much). The screen is not as crisp as an iPad but does the job nicely. You simply can't beat this as an extra device for email and web use. I'll be traveling with it next week and will post an update.UPDATE - Five days later, I still love it. Worked on a document while offline and on a flight with no issues. Battery life is great. Performance is smooth. No complaints at all.
computer|I will start this review off by saying I am a Mac person. I was drawn to the design of the Chromebook. It is very similar in design to the Macbook Air 11&#34; However it is certainly not a Macbook Air. It feels heavier, although I didn't actually compare the weight. It is definately thicker than an Air, and not as solid since it is plastic. This brings me to my main issue, and why I only give it 4 starts instead of 5. The trackpad is a great size, and has some swipe capability, although for some reason it basically limited to scrolling. The issue, at least with mine, is that when you use this on your lap on the couch the body flexes enough while you type to create nuisance clicks with the touch pad. I can literally flex the palm rests and the mouse will click. The touch pad on mine is not quite even, so perhaps it is simply a defect. The battery life is pretty good, I was so frustrated by the touchpad that I honestly haven't determined the run time of the battery. I will say though, that it does kill the battery over time in sleep mode. I closed the lid with about 50% battery left, and when I picked it up again to use it three days later the battery was dead. I love the fact that it has a USB port and an HDMI port. It think in time the OS will be even more functional, and if my touch pad is defective my main issue with the Chromebook would be no issue for most people. If this is how the touchpad actually works, well then I give it ZERO stars. It is so frustrating to use with the touchpad like this, that I could not possibly suggest it to anyone. I have not tried the 3G, I returned it without ever testing that.
computer|Great for working as advertised. Better than the iPad for web browsing. Gaming is a little behind as most new or fun games are designed for a touch screen. Start up is blindingly fast.
computer|This device is a tweener, and when evaluated as such, I love it. I'm using it even more often than I thought I would. I have a high end desktop with a linux OS, a Dell laptop with Win7, a Nexus 7 and this Chromebook. So far, the Chromebook is getting the most use. The form factor, long battery life, full-fledged browser, and instant on make this device more compelling than the others. I had considered buying a MacBook Air to use as a "couch computer" but this one does the job for a quarter of the price. Note that I didn't say it does everything the Air does, because it doesn't, but it does all the things I was going to do with the Air.I think it's better to compare this Chromebook to mobile devices rather than to a full-fledged laptop, even though I'm using it more like a laptop. That opinion may change over time as more HTML5 capabilities are utilized on the net, but even as a mobile device, this beats every tablet out there. It has a nice keyboard, a very nice trackpad, full-fledged applications (I'm so sick of truncated browsers and email apps on Android and IOS), and a large screen that's much better than I expected, given some of the feedback I've read.One other plus - the 100GB of space on Google Drive for two years is worth almost half the asking price of this little machine.The only downside I see to this is the limited capability of web apps. Like I said before, that may change, but until then, I don't think I could live with this being my only computer. I need vector and bitmap drawing programs, sound editing, desktop publishing, etc. These are robust apps and while they do have web based counterparts, that functionality is limited by bandwidth and feature sets.Over all, I'm VERY happy with my new Chromebook, and I'm looking forward to the changes that will be coming for Chrome OS in the future.
computer|This laptop is lightweight, heat-less, noiseless and battery lasts for ever...what else do you want from a portable computer. I have mac-book pro and this beats the stuff out-off it when it comes to daily tasks. I personally spend 95% of my time in chrome on my mac-book and this does job for 1/4 of the price. Guys what else do you want?? Google has answered all your prayers go get one.
computer|I've only been using the newly delivered chromebook for a couple days, but it's exactly what I wanted. Simple, web-based, communication and word processing machine. Chrome OS is easy, and from the moment you sign in it looks and feels like the way you have chrome configured already. We print using google cloud print so that worked out of the box too.One tip, if you get the 3G version, you can only activate verizon a day after you start using the chromebook. We have two for our family and it was the same both times. The 3G speeds are passable if you need to do some simple browsing in a pinch. Again, exactly what I wanted.
computer|I've been a Google Chrome user since the day the beta was announced and released. I've appreciated the simplicity, the fast javascript performance and synchronization features. When Chrome OS was announced I scoffed at Google's "vision" for mobile computing, but over time I warmed up to it. This is my very first Chromebook, sadly I was never able to get a free CR48 when Chrome OS was in beta. I was interest in the new ARM Enyox processing architecture which allowed a cool quiet way to access the web.Cons:Chromebook arrived, booted it up. Took awhile to update but once that was done the first thing I noticed was choppiness and lag. It just wasn't smooth. Screen was washed out and a bit grainy but honestly I wasn't expecting anything more for the price. But the speed and snappiness that is synonymous with Chrome just wasn't there. Flash stutters on some websites, heavy html5 websites stutter, angry birds stutters (hey doesn't that game run great on like a 2nd gen iPod touch?). I actually suspect this might just be an optimization issue as the arm architecture underneath powers some pretty advanced devices today without a hitch. But I honestly couldn't recommend this Chromebook for dedicated flash gamers or heavy video watchers or someone who likes a lot of tabs open. I understand Chrome is a compromise in features but they should try harder not to compromise the performance either, even at $250 I'm still holding Google accountable for not fully delivering an authentic Chrome experience. I did install Adblock Plus and Flashblock to cut down on webpage bloat and it seems to have helped.Pros:With simplicity comes serious security. This is probably the premiere banking terminal you could buy. Linux underpinnings, sand boxing and integrity monitoring, zero viruses. Though I will say this wont protect you from phishing scams so always been on the lookout for those.The keyboard and touchpad integration with the OS is very good. Touch gestures, dedicated keys for back, forward, refresh. Chromebook has an Apple-like hardware/software integration that allows for a pure experience that what you see is what Google intended for you to see, unlike Windows PCs and the bloatware that accompanies them. This perfect union of Google and Samsung is still made painful by the fact the Chromebook could use a little power boost underneath the hood.100gb of Google Drive with native support on ChromeOS built right into the file manager itself. This renders most complaints about a 16gb flash drive moot. You just got $100+ in high end cloud storage for free! That alone sets this device into a "buy it" category despite performance hiccups.If someone steals it, you'll only cry for around ten minutes versus the entire day if it were a Macbook AIR. This is a cheap piece of tech. Though if you're like me $250 is still a lot of money you're still gonna be pretty upset if it's taken. But hey, what would you rather take to a cafe and peruse the net while drinking some coffee? A Macbook or a Chromebook? And that's the beauty of this machine. It's a great portable buddy with low risk.Summary:This device is like if someone thought "Hey the Macbook Air in concept does a lot of things right, except the part where most people use 5% of the features and pay 7x more than they should". It's got the thin, sleek design and the Chrome logo is a little bit of a fashion statement in its own right. However Google in it's quest to mainstream their excellent piece of software took a little bit of the nitro out of that powerful engine in order to keep prices low. What happens is that you're getting a browser that more often than not sputters at any website with complexity. Part of me thinks the hardware in this device is more than adequate and Chrome OS 24, 25 will be further optimized to bring back some of that bang.If you're looking for the pinnacle of Chrome or Google's fast HTML5 vision for the future you're not going to find it here, but if you're looking that sweet piece of "good enough" computing without the bloated price tag and maintenance of the big boys, you've found your nirvana.
computer|I love using the Chrome OS and the Chrome browser on all of my devices(i phone,windows PC and android tables and more)it's the best.I used the Chromebox for about 3 months to see if I wanted to take the next step,The Chromebook. The first Chromebooxs for me were way over priced. This time Samsung and Google got it right with the price,and just enough power for what this device is.This is not ment to be a high power laptop that runs all kind of programs like a Windows or Mac OS devices.Please people know this before you buy.Now that's not to say you can't do most of what these other devices do.This is all about using the web browser and the cloud. But with the offline save I use my Chromebox and Chromebook just like any of my other PC. I use a 64g sc card and usb stick for music, movies and docs. I am good to go as much as with any laptop or tablet.I can't say enough about the remote desktop app. I use it to access my pc to use almost all of my Windows programs. Most work great but there is a little lag, but not much.The app is still in beta but it a good beta,love it love it.For me Chrome OS has still got a little ways to go before it's a Windows or Mac OS. But this device is a good way to learn grow with what I think may be the future of how we use the web.What it does need is more support for Netflix,Skype and Slingbox and others.Amazon movies work great on this devices as well as their mp3's. With the HDMI out port You Tube and other movies and video have never looked better on my TV.I say do your homework,research this devices on other sites,Read as much as you can before you buy.This devices is not for everybody but it has been just right for me.Fast and lite and at a low price,LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT
computer|Awesome machine..............light weight and performs great!!Have recommended to friends and family.Love Google's Chromebook................please keep up the good work.
computer|I used to have many laptops in my life, I tried many brands of these machines. I am a businessman so this is a tool for my work. I am on a business trip minimum 20 times per a year in the light of these facts a laptop computer is indispensable fellow traveler for me. In connection with a laptop is it important me to be small, has a discreet and elegant design and has enough hardware to do my works. This Samsung Chromebook fulfill all of my needs. Not incidentally I think it has an amazing design, this chrome coating is breathtaking. It is one of my best if not the best laptop I have ever owned. My mark is 5 stars! I recommend it for everybody who likes the good computers.
computer|If you are a PC gamer, this laptop is definitely not for you. However, I've found that I can use the computer for most things that I need to do, despite frequently using Word programs, Spotify, and other downloadable programs in the past. Google Drive gets the job done for documents, presentations, and spreadsheets, and more and more programs are choosing the online route (Spotify recently launched it's online beta, for example), allowing Chromebook users to access previously inaccessible programs. On top of it all, every update that Google Chromebook comes up with for its OS goes straight to your computer, so I'm sure improvements are coming, as there are a few shortcomings with the device. A solid purchase for most standard laptop users, and very cheap.**It is also worth noting that I have been using the Chtromebook in China, a country that blocks many websites that I frequent. VPNs solve this problem for most computers, but past versions of the Chromebook did not adequately address the issue. I am new to VPNs, and with this Chromebook, it took me a while to figure it out - but, the Chromebook has been designed to allow for VPNs, and mine has been working flawlessly since I got it to start working. So, even up against the Great Firewall of China, an internet-based device like the Chromebook can thrive.
computer|I'm writing this review on the Chromebook wi-fi version and still can't believe how nice the keyboard feels. It's a very similar experience from my MacBook Air -- chiclet style keys with a good "pop." The only downside is that the shortcut keys on the top row are arranged different from my MBA. I find myself accidentally hitting the 'back' and 'forward' button on the Chromebook while trying to dim the screen and so on.My Favorites:Music/Cloud SyncDuring my undergrad years I was a huge music snob (oh university radios) and had accumulated tons of music. It was a nightmare trying to transfer them whenever I would upgrade laptops. I tried lugging around a external HDD large enough, but found myself defeating the whole point of having a laptop. I was really glad when Google Music offered 20,000 songs (I was at about 19,000, I hope they'll allow more in the future) as I can have access to my music collection wherever I go. The Google Music App with my iPhone works well with my unlimited Data plan from StraightTalk.. I really don't know the last time I actually synced music files onto it! I do notice that the music player plug in will crash on the Chromebook if I pause and resume too quickly.Apple's iDrive or iCloud or ... iWhatever was always so confusing to me. 'Oh it's called iDrive now? Wait now I have 10gb allotted for pictures? Huh?' whereas Google it just synced everything on its own. I was fortunate enough to have a Legacy Plan so I'm not worried on running out of space any time soon. Also the additional 100GB/2years included was a pleasant surprise. The best part was that the Google Drive space is independent of my music collection! I'm a hobby photographer so it's nice to know that my pictures are safe floating around in the cloud space.I dug around and found that my Legacy plan will stay intact after the 2 years, and if I have accessed the free 100GB, those files will still be available with the caveat that I won't be able to add more files to my Gdrive. Unless I pay for additional space of course.I have an iPhone that I changed to use Chrome by default via Cydia. I love that it syncs all my bookmarks and surfing history across my gear. I briefly had a Nexus 4, but had to stick with the iPhone because most of my medical software are on iOS only. It wasn't a preference of brands, I just want convenience as my backpack gets more full with each new gadget out on the market!Documents/Office ProductivityI also find myself no longer dependent on thumb drives. I work as a researcher for a hospital so I'm constantly hopping back and forth free computers to enter in data or make corrections. We recently made the jump to Google Docs so that we can all edit documents simultaneously. Before this, if someone had left a certain document open on the network, others would not be able to edit it. A huge hassle as a witch hunt would ensue to find which "n00b" left the document open. Oh lab grunts.Cons:Netflix/AVI playbackLike others have mentioned, Netflix is still not available on this certain model. I hope it gets fixed soon!AVI playback seems hit or miss for meConclusion:So I had bought this on a whim, the price tag was really appealing and I bought it as a toy. Little did I know it would become part of my professional life.I wish I had waited for the 3G model, 100mb/month doesn't seem much but I could see it being extremely handy in a cinch. I was waiting for a flight back home at LaGuardia where the only option was to pay for Boingo. I believe that in the long run the savings could be substantial
computer|I've had mine for about 2 weeks now and can heartily endorse the Samsung Chromebook (SC). I make my living off the Internet and was working within 5 minutes of taking my SC out of the box. I can't add anything more than all the previous posters have so I'll leave a few tips & tricks:ALT + backspace is the delete keyIf Hulu is jerky set Hulu to HIGH, not HD or AUTO. Netflix is on the way. YouTube works fine.The screen is fine - gets better with use. If you stand to either side of the SC or hang from your chandelier you can't see the image but I don't stand to the side and I hate chandeliers so I sit in front of all my devices and in that position the screen on the SC is fine. It would be nice if Sammy or Google would add a contrast slider as that would bring out the image.I never liked standalone progs so have been in the cloud before it was named the cloud. I put everything up on Google Drive and it all seems to work fine - films stream okay on the SC, music sounds good, images look cool, docs appear as they should. Put Google Drive on all your devices and you'll have global access to all your stuff. I haven't used SD cards, thumb drives, etc on the SC as I'll either temporarily copy something over (like a film I want to watch on a trip somewhere) or leave it on the Drive.Sound is good - I think the SC has a spatializer because it gives a surround sound effect out of 2 small speakers. Sound is really good with headphones or through a speaker systemA light touch on the touch pad works for me - real gentle. Once you get used to using 2 fingers for certain options you'll be zipping around.Connection to WiFi was instant for me - I know some have had problems. I set up my printer connected to my Windows desktop on Google Cloud Print a few months ago during an idle moment so was pleasantly surprised when I was able to print immediately from my SC.It's cute but it's plastic so keep that in mind if you're going out & about and don't leave it anywhere it can be sat on. My Sammy netbook could probably take being sat on, my Sammy Chromebook - well, I think not, so be warned.That's all I can think of. The SC is a fabulous new way of computing for those of us that live online and don't need exe progs. I can't recommend it highly enough. Enjoy yours.Merry Xmas & a Happy 2013.
computer|Everything works on the Chromebook. I have tested every site on the web that I use. They all work very well. I thought that Dropbox might not work. I was wrong. Dropbox works perfectly. Email works perfectly. The Wall Street Journal Online and The Economist online both work perfectly. So far I have not encountered anything that does not work. HBO GO also works. Amazon Instant video and my Amazon Video library work. On Netflix you can only view and edit your list. Netflix says you will soon be able to view movies on the Chromebook.I like the fact that I do not have to subscribe to an Antivirus service. I can buy things on the web and access financial accounts with much less concern about safety.Chromebook works faster than my other computers when I am on the web. I purchased the 3G model. It also works on Wifi and I can switch to Verizon 3G at any time. Chromebook 3G comes with 2 years of 100MB per month of Verizon Mobile. After that you can purchase a plan or you can turn on 3G for one month at a time, or not at all. Chromebook 3G works equally well on Wifi and on 3G. It's very easy to switch from one to the other. On both the 3G and the WiFi model, the first time you board an airline flight that has Gogo inflight internet, you will have 12 free sessions.Google also includes 100 GB of space on your Google Drive for 2 years on both models of the Chromebook.If you use Chrome browser on more than one computer, once the Chrome versions are the same on each computer, you will see in "Settings" that you have "105 GB." That includes the 5 GB from the Chrome browser and 100 GB for the Google promotion on the Chromebook.I store my files in the Google Drive. I have been using Google Docs for a long time. Uploading and storing Word and Excel files is easy and efficient. You have a choice of how to store the documents and spreadsheets. My longest Word document at present is about 200 pages. My largest Excel spreadsheet has 11 worksheets. I have not had any problems. I can view and edit my files in the Google Drive. You can download your files to your computer at any time, and you have the option to download them in Word or Excel formats or in other formats including PDF.Cloud computing makes it possible to access your data from ANY computer. You NEVER have to purchase a larger hard drive (or an extra one) for your computer. How many times have you purchased a computer only to learn in a short time that it did not have enough hard drive space to store all your files? The same holds true for RAM. In cloud computing the programs are in the "cloud". You use the program in the cloud and when you turn off your computer the program is still in the cloud. Computer viruses? They will become a thing of the past and hopefully so will antivirus programs that slow down your computer, interfere with proper functioning, and cost lots of money.Chromebook also works offline, if you wish. You can do email and documents offline. Everything syncs when you go back online.Chromebook has one other very nice feature: the price. You are getting lots of value for your money. Chromebook is perfect for school, unless you want to spend a few thousand dollars on a notebook that some other person may wish to steal.Consider what might happen if you write an important paper, and when you are finished, your computer crashes? What do you do? Well, if you stored your work in the cloud, you can go to any other computer and get it back instantly.Chromebook is well made. The screen is perfect. Chromebook weighs less than 2 pounds. The keyboard is also perfect. Chromebook is beautiful.Chromebook updates automatically. You never have to wait and restart.Computers are changing rapidly.I wrote this review in Google Docs in Google Drive.Cloud computing is here to stay.Chromebook will only get better.
computer|I bought this after reading several reports and product reviews, not to mention that a collaboration between Samsung and Google couldn't be a bad thing. Pros: The Chromebook is lightweight, and made fairly well, although I do have a couple of minor complaints that I will describe in the Cons section. I like how quickly it boots up and how the OS self updates. I am on and off the laptop throughout the day but only need to recharge it once per day, usually. It is simple to use and seems to be fairly intuitive. I like the auto backup feature when working on docs and emails.Cons: I think that the casing could be sealed a little better at the corners of the monitor lid. It could be just my laptop but the case seems like it could be manufactured to be a little more durable, considering it's manufactured by Samsung.All in all, I think this was a great purchase for me at it's price. I cannot use it for work due too a few limitations, but this review is not intended to focus on that. This is strictly a review of how well I like it for a home, personal laptop where the user doesn't need a lot of horsepower.Thumbs up...
computer|Being a hard and heavy computing IT guy, I had high expectations about this device, and some concerns as well. Nonetheless, the actual capabilities of this machiine outweight the limitations. I picked it up, powered on, logged in and that was it. I was on the web. The Google Docs (drive) suite is pretty neat and gets the job done very well.Unless you run specialized applications, this does anything you can do with any other windows based laptop.
computer|This product is fantastic. It does everything it says it will, in a small, light package. If you have not used Google docs before, it takes some time to get used to the workflows, but this effort is worth the price. I bought three of these for my kids so they could do their homework and free up the family computer, and it has worked like a charm!
computer|I have had my Chromebook for about 2 weeks. So far it has definitely been worth the shipping wait (it was backordered for 1.5-2 weeks)...halving the weight and doubling the battery life of my old laptop for $250 has been worthwhile.An important point to recognize is that this computer will not run programs (.exe) like iTunes, so analyze your computer usage. I used my previous laptop ~70% for web browsing, ~15% for document editing (text & spreadsheets - mainly through Google docs), and ~5% for iTunes syncing/music management. Google does offer Chrome Remote Desktop, an application to interface with another computer. If you have iTunes or other programs you would like to run installed on another computer, you can set up remote desktop to allow you to play with those programs on that other computer.Battery life is impressive, averaging about 6 hours a charge. My battery is currently at 36%, and the Chromebook estimates I have 2 hours 17 minutes left. It also does not get very warm and stays comfortable sitting on the lap. It is very quiet (no fan, so no fan noise).All in all, I would recommend this product for people who are looking for a web browsing-only laptop.
computer|This device is great! I have to admit my expectations where not super high. Boy was i wrong. Product is fast, very light and the battery lasts forever. Love the fact that multiple people can set up their accounts on it and share this device without effecting the other users of it!I'll admit it does feel a little..... flimsy, I guess is the word to describe it. But it's not horrible and I WOULD NOT trade a less flimsy feel for more weight. Love the svelteness of it!Like the could storage and completely &#34;seamless&#34; experience this provides with all of my devices using google web products. Everything, is available to me everywhere, all the time, securely!No complaints! I would highly recommend this to others not needing ALL the computing power of a traditional Laptop and able to see the benefits of the could. But do not be fooled, it will provide more than you expect.Well Done Google!
computer|Bought this for my daughter for her to do her high school homework. She wanted something slim and light but still allowed her to access the web and do word processingand presentations. This works for just that but you have to rethink the whole concept of home/office productivity software that you are normally use to with a regular laptop where you have MS Office on your hard drive and then save things to your computer. With Chromebook, you create a gmail account and use software and hard drive storage on the internet in the Cloud. Once you get this concept and don't get hung up on having MS Word and Powerpoint as installed programs on your computer, this can really work. Downside is you have to be connected to the net to access and edit your documents. Excellent for most everything you would use a tablet for but with a real keyboard that's super light weight. Love the matte screen as well which means no glare, which is awesome outdoors.
computer|Is it going to run Quickbooks or Grand Theft Auto IV? No, but it's a great surfing device, and a pretty good computer. It pretty much needs to be online all the time to be useful, so as long as you have a fast and stable internet connection at home, you'll be fine. Chrome OS works great, the browser is solid and works well. Occasionally it feels a tiny bit slow when you have a bunch of tabs open, but it's not intolerable. It plays Youtube videos fine, but not Netflix videos. Apple Quicktime videos won't play in browser, but they will play fine when downloaded. I'm really happy with this purchase.
computer|The Chrombook is great, installs are easy, updates are automatic no worries there.....Love it. I am recommending it friends. Would buy.
computer|I love the keyboard on this Chromebook, it is so much easier to type on than the Dell Laptop I use to have; however, I do find myself resting my left thumb on the cursor plate and typing in places I was not aware I was typing. I also miss having a &#34;home & end&#34; keys and a &#34;page up & page down&#34; key. I also have a problem with my memory, so it is not easy for me to &#34;learn&#34; all the shortcut combinations listed and I have no way to print them out. I also haven't figured out how to take pictures from my email to use as a background. I'm sure it will get easier the more I use it but right now it is a little frustrating. I love the size and weight of the Chromebook and with Wi-Fi and camera built in it would be hard not to like it. I also like the fact that is doesn't require a fan so there is no noise when it is running; I can watch TV and type at the same time. I do find that once it is open (I like the screen tilted back because I wear progressive glasses) it has a tendency to want to fall backward, so I end up resting my hands on the bottom, causing myself more problems with the left thumb moving the cursor around. :) All in all I'm happy with it and feel I got a good deal for the price. May God Bless.
computer|We purchased this for our son for son for Christmas. This model was only available online and this was the best price. He loves it.
computer|This computer is awesome at what it does and if you are honest with your computer usage it may be perfect for you. No it won't encode your video or play the new awesome FPS. But you can surf facebook, create work documents, and watch &#34;cat videos&#34; until your heart is content.Pro:CheapPortableKeyboard and track pad feel niceConnected to GoogleCon:Underpowered for heavy usageScreen isn't prettySad:The chrome sticker doesn't look like it will hold up very long and has thus been banned from my car.
computer|I was surprised to find this laptop for as cheap as I did ($250) so I decided to jump on it. I really wanted the Samsung over the Acer & Asus units, but I hear good things from them too.Setup would have taken MINUTES had I not spaced on my network password. Simple. Clear-cut. FAST. Limited apps are a concern, but I was able to do EVERYTHING that I normally do at night on my MUCH MORE PRICEY Mac, and didnt run into a problem. The unit is fast enough, and feels well built. I am very surprised with the quality of the design & build to be honest.I see THREE things being an issue here. Just three(3).1) I love music, my kid loves music, and I need my classical music to concentrate when I write. Having to learn ANOTHER way (iTunes, Amazon, not Google Music) to upload & play my fav tunes is annoying.2) Having to surf thru MORE apps to find things - at a price! - that will suit my minimal needs irks me, for a few more bux, the thing could have come with a few more (just a few!) practical applications.3) Using the camera is not as easy as I hoped, so it will take getting used to.THATS IT! For someone (me) who plops in front of Google Chrome for hours on end & surfs to my hearts content, this little thing DEFINITELY fits the $250 bill!!!Thanks & God Bless!!!
computer|honestly very impressed with this computer works perfect for everywhere i go. if you're looking for something simple and easy to use.. this is the route to go.
computer|I&#8217;m digging into my new Samsung. Don&#8217;t throw away your desktop and Microsoft Word if you do much writing. Chrome Docs does not have an outline view. This is reason enough to stick with Word. Word has it all. I thought Docs would have at least the basics. No outline view is a crippling shortcoming for me.
computer|It is pretty much all the average person needs in a computer. If you don't have a lot of graphic work, you only need this kind of Tablet for reading email and typing docs.
computer|it great its really just for browsing the internet, you pretty much save all your documents in google drive and documents. I think they should really preinstall apps in stead of making links. It not bad spending the 249 on the computer i think its worth it.
computer|This isn't a laptop, and if you buy it to replace one you are going to be disappointed.If you have researched the chrome OS and decided it works for your uses, then this is the chromebook to buy.I got it for my girlfriend since she is on call all the time for work and everything she does is through a browser. This thing boots insanely fast, has great battery life, and has full access to googles online armory. It's pure win for convenience.
computer|Great notebook. It boots in 10 seconds or instantly if in hibernation. My pc takes longer to come out of hibernation than it does to boot so the chromebook gets the most use. My computing requirements are e-mail, word processor, spread sheet, books , music and web browsing. The chromebook does all this and much more. 16GB of user memory allows local storage of files used when there is no wi-fi. The rest of my stuff is in the cloud.
computer|Great for simple things. Not meant for anything more advanced. But for a pricetag of $250, you cant go wrong for something to surf the internet with!
computer|I really like this little laptop. Its perfect for what it is, basic computing. The browser is really fast. No problems so far.I use it for school and work. Bare in mind, it is not a standard, buy a piece of software and load it on machine. I love it for surfing, composing docs, some spreadsheet work, and email. I like the fact it does not get hot in my lap, batter last a long time, and almost instant on when you open the lid.Overall for what it is designed for, it is a lot of fun. Great job Google!
computer|This thing was sold out everywhere and I needed to get something for my husband for Christmas. I purchased it from this user and he was honest: the only thing that was broken was the seal. I would purchase something from him again. Chromebook works like a charm, serves its purpose and helps my hubby surf the internet like the sports junkie he is
computer|I got this as a Birthday gift for my Wife. She had been using a G tablet (connected to a USB keyboard) to keep in touch with her relatives across the World via Facebook and Skype. This is in spite of the fact we have a full-size Desktop Computer, she liked being in the Sun on the other side of the house. The G tablet was fine at first but required lots of updating and tinkering on my part due to the Android OS. I read about the Chromebook and decided it would be perfect for her needs of surfing and chatting. She LOVES her Chromebook. It's light, it boots up super-fast, and it was easy to setup. The keyboard is really nice and the screen is good. The speakers while a bit tinny are decent and she streams Pandora all the time now. It's light enough that she'll take it wherever she needs. AS LONG AS YOU HAVE ACCESS TO WI-FI AND UNDERSTAND IT'S LIMITATIONS YOU WON'T BE DISAPPOINTED. Also understand that updates are coming, such as Netflix compatibility (Youtube and Hulu work fine) and greater gaming choices. You'll need to have a Gmail account, which is free. For the causal Internet Surfer and Chatter and simple game player, the Samsung Chromebook is a KILLER deal.
computer|The Chromebook is awesome ! it's blazing fast, easy to use, and for just $250 it's a steal!! While I wouldn't say it's going to completely replace my Apple Desktop I have at home, I will say it's a great affordable option for those looking for a device for web browsing on the go ( I happen to get the majority of my online courses done on the Chromebook ) and light file editing. It's suppeeeer light weight with a very slick design that at times makes me feel like a P.I.M.P as I walk around in school with it. Worth every penny!
computer|Does what I need it to. I am very pleased to have my life sync'd between my desktop, chrome book, and android phone.
computer|Easy to use .......all I need most of the time. It is so light and easy to take out of town.
computer|Reviews said this was good for a new laptop user, who mostly surfed the web, e-mailed, etc. That's me and I like it.The keyboard takes some getting used to, especially no Delete key. Also the Search key is weird, great once I learned to change it back to CAPS LOCK like on regular keyboards.I like the size and price was good. I would recommend it, depending on user's needs
computer|I needed a new computer but am on a limited budget. I didn't need some over-the-top, high powered fancy computer, just something to serve my basic needs - word processing, spreadsheets, emails, games, videos. I saw the Chromebook advertised on TV and asked my son (much more of a computer geek than I am) to look into it. Everything he had to say was good, so I saved up my gift cards for my birthday and Christmas and bought one and I couldn't be happier. With the exception of a tempermental Flash player and some streaming video (from Netflix in particular which I am told will be coming soon) not available, this little baby is terrific!!! Just what I needed!
computer|This is a huge upgrade from my last one. the chrome os is fast and easy to use. If you looking for a small notebook I would highly recommend this one
computer|I absolutely LOVE my chromebook! It is exactly what I needed in a laptop. It is super fast, its small and lightweight! It's perfect, and you can't beat all of that for $249.
computer|This Chromebook is a lite alternative to carrying around a laptop when all I need is basic internet and email access.
computer|This is a great way to get an ultrabook for very little money. Does everything we need and is very light. I like the OS better than Windows too. It is silent and battery lasts very long time. I will buy another for kids.
computer|There is still a ways to go on development, but works as intended as a cloud device, as it develops into a more complex operating system, we will see more features that are seen on any mainstream OS that we are all accustomed too. Chrome OS and this laptop are simply one step ahead of the future (cloud computing).
computer|I've been looking at websites since November trying to find this in stock. I ordered it as soon as I saw it was back in stock at normal price on Amazon. Almost everything I do is connected in some way to the Google cloud. We use Google Apps at my church (I'm the Online Pastor). I already have a Galaxy tab 10.1, which I love, but also wanted a laptop that was light-weight, very portable, but had a physical keyboard/mousepad for some of my tasks. I have a full-size laptop, but that gets heavy carrying places. I just opened my new Chromebook today, and was instantly connected to all my websites and tools. I've had it on most of the day (over 6 hours) and have watched hulu plus for an hour & a half, and there is still 24% battery left. Amazing! If you mainly use a computer for web browsing, I definitely recommend the Samsung Chromebook.
computer|I'll keep this short as there are already 800 reviews.Pros:Great for web browsingextremely extremely portablerenders google maps wellgreat battery lifesuper light weightgreat typing pad (as good as macbook air, if not better IMO)good HDMI output to hdtvCons:underpowered. if you can wait 6-8 months, I assume google will come out with something more powerful. i couldn't wait. The power is just about adequate but any bit less would be too little for me.viewing angle sucks, but if its just you looking no problem!Trackpad sucks. scrolling with it is sluggish so i must use a usb mousevideo playing will slow down other tabs a lot. so if you plan on watching videos, don't expect to be able to multitask.intensive websites like facebook take noticeable longer to render.
computer|It's exactly a netbook, but with a proprietary Google OS. However, it's very light, and the 6.5 hours of battery life is very easy to attain. 2/3 screen brightness and average web browsing will easily get you there (this does not include youtube videos or flash games, which eat battery for breakfast lunch and dinner). If you're very careful, offline, etc, you should hit 9 hours or a bit more. But, really, who types for 9 hours?If you're looking for a desktop replacement, this IS NOT it. If you're looking for a secondary computer for general web use while out and about, this beats the ipad (and tables in general) hands down (in my opinion) because it's much, much more capable. An iPad with a keyboard (my last mobile solution, and it was a nice keyboard) was no match for this Chromebook.Looking for a downside? The screen, while nice enough, uses a very matte surface to reduce glare, which causes it to look a bit dull, and slightly dirty. Otherwise, the obvious downside of it being essentially a browser is apparent. However, for typing, Google Docs now works offline (obviously syncing when you're back online).Overall, I love this device, and at $249, it's a bargain.
computer|This is well thought out and I love how it works!Pros:Best rendition yet of this environment.Great battery time...I find it last days in sleep mode and being used every few hours for email or web browsingCharges fast 2 hoursGreat wifi sensitivityGreat keyboardCons:I don't like the screen but cannot really say why...it just does not have any pop and images seem a little washed out.The touch-pad is much too large so it extends under the right palm and tends to get activated while typing.Screen seems to touch keyboard edge when closed and leaves a mark when opened...so far it wipes clean but feat it will wear.I will add more as I live with it longer.UPDATE: 2/15/13 Dropped a star....I have used this exclusively while in Russia. It had no problem with operating from reset in Russian. Just in case others wonder about other language support...The touch pad mouse had become a real deal killer...I cannot type without having to go edit the text at least once a minute. I have tried taping a cover over the end but it does not work much better. I cannot find a way to turn off the touch pad and use just a mouse.Some real problems with Chrome-book OS on Samsung becoming evident...you cannot import contact file from one user to another even though it seems to support the feature in the procedure...possibly Chrome issue.Bad support for Bluetooth devices...if any.I have not found a way to open two windows at a time..trying just opens a new tab.Google+ interface never fully on screen and still do not understand this application...really off the wall.It is great to have something you can use with a keyboard but I find that all I need most of the time is my iPhone unless I want to type a lot and then I am faced with the touch-pad curse!!!!Does not support many android apps and most online apps out of store do not recognize the device for automatic version selection.
computer|Overall I am really happy with this purchase. The price is great, and the dual core A15 processor provides performance and battery life. The keyboard is great, the mouse pad is great, the screen is more than sufficient for daily use (brightness and resolution). My only disappointment here is that the video card cannot send an analog signal through the HDMI port, this would be helpful for projection, as many projectors in use still have only a VGA input, and is a feature that some tablets, and ultrabooks have - not a huge deal, I would have preferred to know this before trying to run it through the same HDMI to VGA cord that works with my other devices.Again, this is a great product. I highly recommend it.
computer|Warning: Holistic, long review incoming.UPDATE: This is a review that describes much of the *potential* usage of this device. Getting the *most* from this "thin-client" requires a certain level of knowledge about Linux, or a certain tenacity for learning. However, because the web is becoming so powerful, you may not need to know anything more than your Google password to get your money's worth from this device. If, however, you want to "kick it up a notch", or just learn a little about what the web really is and where it's headed, read on!-----------------Short vocabulary primer:"native software" : Traditional software (like Microsoft Office) that runs on a specific platform (like MS Windows or Mac OS) and provides high-level functionality to users, usually available offline."webapp" : Web Application. A website using modern programming technologies to provide high-quality software to the end-user, usually intended to replace a native software equivalent. Examples include Gmail, Google Docs (to replace MS Office), Google Calendar (to replace MS Outlook), Angry Birds, and countless others in the Chrome Web Store."X11" : A Linux program responsible for the display and basic management of windows on your screen in just about any Linux computer, including this Chromebook. Also ships by default with Mac OS X!"ssh" : "Secure SHell". A fast, secure way of accessing the command-line of another computer (a "server") through the computer you're sitting at (a "client"). Provides lots of powerful tools for client-server communication and data transfer."X11-forwarding" : A way of telling X11 to send data through SSH. This allows you to run windowed (not just terminal) applications on a remote computer while displaying the resulting windows, buttons, text, etc. on the computer you're sitting in front of - i.e. this Chromebook."chroot" : "CHange ROOT". This is an advanced feature. A way of hot-swapping Unix-based operating systems WITHOUT rebooting your computer. This provides a way to run a traditional operating system and native software alongside Chrome OS, greatly enhancing its offline capabilities. Easy to set up thanks to project "crouton" by dnschneid, available on GitHub (can't link it in a review, sorry!), which provides a simple hotkey for changing operating systems on-the-fly!-----------------TL;DR: Contrary to what other reviewers would lead you to believe, Chrome OS offers thin-client capabilities beyond that of simple web browsing due to the advanced state of modern web and networking technologies. Use this device as a gateway to your other machines using remote protocols like SSH and FTP, and you'll get much more use out of it -- and a little Linux knowledge will go a long way!Many other reviewers have talked about the hardware, the software, the ups-and-downs of the Samsung $250 Chromebook. I'm not going to talk about that -- much. Instead, this review will be half discussion, half "how-to". As far as the hardware goes: suffice to say the device has a decent screen, good touchpad, GREAT keyboard, and is silent, efficient, and affordable. This design philosophy of efficiency and minimalism extends into the software of this machine. With modern computers and even portable devices getting ever-larger, more powerful, and more power-hungry, this choice of design can be a little off-putting. Here's why the Chromebook, and the underlying Chrome OS, has a vital place among your other devices because of this unusual design choice.(NB: The jaw-dropping Chromebook Pixel was released recently, which flies in the face of the minimalist design of the software shared by these two devices. In my opinion, it's a giant step in the wrong direction, and this $250 device is superior in design in almost every way. Here's why.)I couldn't find any reviews that discussed what this device is really capable of, so I thought I'd post my own thoughts. People tend to emphasize how little a Chromebook can do - what you lose when you make the switch. That's not at all what I see when I look at a Chromebook. But first, some background: I consider myself a "power user", and I'm writing to people who want to get the most from this device like I do. I'm experienced with Linux, I subscribe to basically every Google service, and I love getting a little command-line action (to taste). I've installed and used Arch Linux several times on various computers, and I've developed a taste for the brand of minimalism presented by lightweight Linux like Arch and Chrome OS. That said, I was initially underwhelmed when I got my Chromebook; it really seems like "just a browser" at first glance, just as most other reviewers would have you believe. Believe me, it has much more to offer. In truth, there's a whole Linux system under Chrome OS that's capable of much more, and it doesn't take much effort to bring it out.Please note that my usage of this device is by no means typical, but it exposes areas of Chrome OS's potential that are left untapped by the average user. My work as a student involves lots of web searches, document composition using Google Docs, computer program development and compiling using an editor and gcc, data processing and graphing using Google Sheets and GNUPlot, document processing using LaTeX, and VPN access to my university's network. The Chromebook handles even my most advanced use-cases beautifully, thanks in large part to web applications and technologies outside the Chrome OS itself -- and here's how.The ultimate power-user option is to simply dual-boot with a "real" Linux distro - for example, Ubuntu ARM. I've shied away from this option because of hardware compatibility concerns, battery life issues, and space limitations; the same argument can be made against a "chroot" environment, which is another solid power-user option. I do, generally, want to use this device for the web, so sticking with Chrome OS is a logical choice - besides, performance in Chrome OS is second-to-none, as this device truly does boot in the advertised 7 seconds. What's more, I really do enjoy the clean, minimalistic feel of Chrome OS: no desktop icons, no (visible) complex folder structures, no micromanaging files or bookmarks between devices, no bloatware, no fuss. It's great!UPDATE: chroot'ing into a traditional OS works beautifully and is very easy to set up using a project called "crouton" by dnschneid on GitHub. Well worth a look!But within the first ten minutes of using the device, I found that I wanted it to be more than "just a browser," and that's when something clicked. Instead of thinking about this device as a browser, I now call it a "thin client". It's a gateway to the internet and to your other machines. This is by no means a primary computer for someone like me, but it can be used as an interface to a primary computer. This crucial concept can be implemented in many ways, but my primary use-case has been with SSH, or "secure shell". With a little creative port-forwarding, I set up an SSH server to run on both my home server (running Debian) and my desktop (running Ubuntu), each accessible from the internet on its own port. While opening a port to the internet is generally inadvisable, securing the SSH connection with a password or (preferably) a private key provides a sufficient barrier to the outside world, in my opinion. Forwarding another port allowed me to wake or even boot my desktop over the internet using Wake-on-LAN technology, so I don't have to worry about leaving it on all the time and the amount of electricity being sucked down by its mammoth 750W PSU.With an SSH server running on my desktop and server, it was then a simple matter of pressing CTRL+ALT+T on the Chromebook, typing "shell" at the prompt, and using a simple bash alias to initiate the SSH session. Once I'm connected, I have full access to my desktop's considerable horsepower or my server's vast storage from anywhere in the world using my new Chromebook - a light, power-efficient, sleek, and easy-to-replace interface to my other devices. While most of my work technically happens on my desktop, it no longer has to happen at my desktop. I've found that I can get serious work done on my desktop using my Chromebook from the living room, on campus, or anywhere with WiFi. Remote-accessing my primary computer has afforded me a new degree of freedom with where I work without changing how I work.There are limitations to this approach, namely the difficulty of using graphical applications over the network; X11 forwarding over SSH has issues with the redrawing mechanism of Chrome OS's Aura window manager, resulting in orphaned remote windows that are only visible when they are being redrawn. Despite this, I've found that terminal access to my machines is more than enough for writing programs using vim, compiling using gcc (with my desktop's full horsepower), copying files to/from my server or desktop using scp ("secure copy"), and running/debugging my programs remotely. Familiarity and comfort at the command-line allows me to perform these tasks smoothly over a nearly lag-free SSH connection instead of resorting to slower, more graphically-intense, and ultimately less-elegant options like VNC, RDP, or Chrome Remote Desktop.Of course, the thin-client concept extends to more than just a server-client relationship with your own hardware. Web apps are becoming more advanced as web technologies continue to develop rapidly. For me, a shining example of this evolution is a small website called ShareLaTeX. ShareLaTeX is a free or subscription-based service that allows you to compose in the document-programming language LaTeX using only a modern browser, complete with syntax-highlighting, error-checking, and code completion. You can store all of your document's assets on their servers, access them from anywhere, and compile your document into a PDF or DVI using the server-side compiler. You can even view your source code and the output PDF side-by-side in their well-designed web interface. Additionally, ShareLaTeX provides a "Google Docs"-style collaboration feature that allows you to compose documents with several other users. (But, this isn't a ShareLaTeX review, so let's move on.)Even if you don't use or care about LaTeX, it's important to take stock of what this means for the web as a whole. It comes down to this: processor-heavy tasks like compiling programs are being offloaded to a server, while the (lightweight) interface can be presented on something much less beefy. It's this brand of duality that tech companies like Google, Apple, Microsoft, Sony, and countless smaller companies like ShareLaTeX are pushing as the future of the web. As a prospective Chromebook user, this should put a big smile on your face, and here's why:Web-based software, and the software to which you can interface on your own devices, will just keep getting better and better. The web simply will not go "out of date" for the foreseeable future, meaning that it's nigh-impossible for your Chromebook to go out-of-date, no matter how processor-intensive the software of the future becomes. Bolstering this is the fact that Google regularly releases updates for Chrome OS every six weeks, and to date even the venerable Cr-48 (the very first Chromebook) runs the latest version, meaning our considerably more powerful Samsung Chromebook will be supported on the software side for a very, very long time.In conclusion, the Samsung Chromebook and its unique Chrome OS embodies a paradigm shift in mobile computing that can be difficult to grasp for the average user. I urge you to think of this computer as a "thin client", an interface to the web and to your own devices. Web and network technologies like SSH, FTP, and HTML5 allow you to access resources far surpassing those on-board this device -- whether those resources are your own, or those offered by one of an increasing number of web services. Chrome OS serves as a gateway to those resources and services, therefore its relevance as a platform must be evaluated in terms of the quality of said resources and services. Knowledge, then, becomes critical: knowledge of the command line, desktop software that can run via command line (like GNU Octave and GNUPlot), and web services relevant to your own work will allow you to use the web and your Chromebook in exciting, productive new ways. Thanks for reading, and I hope you've learned something from this review!
computer|Lightweight, fast, looks like a Macbook Air (lol). I bought this for school purposes but I ended up replacing my original laptop with this all together. Its SO convenient.Now just for laughs and giggles I'm gonna say what would make this machine absolutely unreplaceable.64gb storage.1080p Screen.Back-lit keyboard.Speakers on top of the device, not on the bottom edge. (Probably better speakers too)That tegra 4 chip everyone is talking about.Maybe a few accessories like keyboard covers/skins and hard shell clip on cases.Basically everything the macbook air has that this doesn't lol (except the tegra 4 chip).But for a lightweight and very very portable computing machine, this beats the macbook air easily because of the price point.$250 > $1000 anyday of the week. Especially for web browsing and especially using this in public places. If this were to get stolen I wouldn't be as bummed out since everything is backed up all the time and since it was only $250.If you're looking for a computer just for basic computing such as web browsing, netflix, youtube, word processing, then this is the computer you should get. If you want to spend an extra $750 for the macbook air then go ahead im sure its better but I am extremely content and very happy with my purchase.
computer|I ordered this computer for a young girl who is in college.She is very happy with it. I hope she will graduate in three years.
computer|The pros are that the keyboard, as mentioned in other reviews, is super easy to type on, nice and big and easy to use, unlike my Acer netbook which was almost impossible to type on.Obviously the price is a huge pro and the the free apps available such as picture editing and word processing are fantastic.The battery life is also excellent and it seems to charge within an hour and will last about 8 hours after that off the charger.The touch pad is awesome, too. This very much reminds me of my sisters MacBook Pro, it has features that aren't on a traditional windows based laptop (at least not the 2 cheap ones I've had previously) and I appreciate this because it makes browsing online and scrolling up and down pages much easier and faster.The only con is that this really truly is strictly web based. That means NO programs are on your desktop. That means NO iTunes! There is a way around that using Google Play and there are very helpful Youtube videos to help figure out ways to get what you want even though you can't download programs.Overall this is an excellent value. I bought mine for school work online and I believe this is an excellent tool for that. Definitely recommend it for computer savvy folks who aren't obsessed with having it all.
computer|things I missed in Chrome OS:- ability to import raw photos- skype- music player is inconvenientfull featured on hardware level:+ I liked hdmi out,+ noticed no performance issues, everything is fast and smooth- display might be better, but considering it's price...
computer|i love it - light weight, wi fi or not -takes a little to get used to it -but well worth the $$$
computer|You can do so much online nowadays and Google Chromebook makes it fast and accessible!When you want a fuller experience than a phone can provide, but you don't want to wait for the Windows system that only seems to get slower every month, open the lid on your chromebook and you will be on the web in about 7 seconds from &#34;off&#34;, and literally a second or two from &#34;Sleep&#34;.It amazes me! So happy that I got it!
computer|it was just what i needed, a device i could use as a journal without all the distracting games and applications. its possible to use google docs offline which is a huge bonus, and most of the other apps you need to be online for. so probably not a good buy if you are rarely around wifi.i got the 3g version because i was hoping that at class i could use that (they dont allow us to use their wifi on our personal computers) and despite the verizon wireless website saying the location had excellent (the highest) reception for 3g, the reception is actually horrendous. if you can get connected its for half a minute then you get kicked off.but thats not the chromebooks fault, that's verizons im sure. but if you live in an area that normally gets poor phone reception, and don't have available wifi, this might not be the product for you, since you absolutely need one or the other.
computer|Love the pricing and the freebies that come along with the purchase such as the free gogo passes. I plan on purchasing another one for my mother.
computer|My wife loves it for surfing the web and playing games on FB. Very fast and well worth the cost
computer|I love it! I spent most of my time on the internet and this product is perfect for it, also when im not on the web im working, and this product have the option to work with google docs, an alternative to office, so good!this is a tablet with a keybord with a very good price! and its an alternative to microsoft or apple
computer|If you want a web WiFi connection with a keyboard for cheap then this is the product for you. Pro: very fast boot, light and easy to carry. Con: silly laptop style charger (should have mini-usb like all the cool kids, so I would not have to carry an extra charger)
computer|I like this product although it is a little small for my 72 year old eyes. Also it is not compatible with Netflix a.though Netflix say they are working with Google Chrome. Other than that, this small laptop does everything my PC does.
computer|I have owned this computer now for a bit over two weeks. I bought it strictly for bed side web use, and it excels at this task. I prefer to use this in bed over my tablet because the keyboard base holds the display nicely for me while I am being lazy and laying on my side. The computer boots up extremely quickly. I never bother using the sleep functionality...when I'm not using I just shut it down since it boots in the matter of seconds anyways. Also, I was pleasantly surprised with the keyboard. There is a fair amount of travel in the keys which makes typing a breeze. In my normal use, I only notice VERY slight checkerboarding when I attempt to two finger scroll extremely quickly. Under normal use, I never see it. Speaking of scrolling, I love that Samsung has integrated two finger scroll gestures into the very large touch pad. This is one of the best touchpad and keyboard combos I have used on any laptop, regardless of price. Granted, it is not as good as a thinkpad, but the feel is at least equal to that of my old macbook air (2012). The ARM processor in this thing is more than adequate for running a web browser. In my experience, I have been getting 7 hours or so of battery life during normal usage. Of special note is that this puppy is completely silent (fanless) and stays remarkably cool. One thing I do miss wholeheartedly is the backlit keys. The only other complaint is screen quality/brightness, but for the money, it is acceptable. This is not an IPS display, but what it does offer is a matte screen with even backlighting (albeit dimmer than most)...and I think that is all you should expect at this price point. Overall build quality is pretty good (7/10). The case is made of plastic and it does seem scratch prone, but the pieces are put together well and the keyboard and touchpad and worthy of a machine costing 4 times as much.
computer|Out of the box had difficulty getting signed on with the touch pad. Just would not function properly, I plugged in a mouse and was then able to get it golng. Once signed on, every thing functioned as advertised. Now the touch pad works fine. The screen is the perfect size compared say to a Kindle. Very happy with this thing.
computer|On my second day and feel like this purchase was a great choice. All I am using it for is youtube/web-surfing while watching tv and e-mails.My only wish is that it had a backlit keyboard and ability to run itunes/something else so I can add music to my iphone
computer|Got this computer yesterday and already love it, looks great and performs better than i thought it would. the keyboard is great and yes the screen isnt the best but you are not going to get a better computer for the money. there are a ton of apps yoou can get to make this computer very usefull. I dont understand the negative reviews for this, not sure what people expect but for 249 dollars its a steal and will be my second laptop from here on out.
computer|A $250 laptop is not going to be awesome and outperform expensive laptops. I understand that what I bought is basically a tiny internet machine and I have no complaints about that. I was happy with something that I could travel with, use to mess around on the internet and that's about it. For me, though, it's been buggy, buggy, buggy from the start, and I can't imagine ever traveling with it because it's been so undependable.Pros: Size. Keyboard. It's a great IDEA.Only con I care about: For a machine that basically only does one thing - the internet - it does that very inconsistently.In the first few days I've had it, these things happened:- It set up easily. Yay. 3G all fine, everything fine, easy.- I shut down the computer, ate dinner, went to log back in and couldn't. I got a "corrupt" error when I tried to log in. I couldn't log in as me; I couldn't even log in as a guest (I got the same error) and thus I could not get into the computer, period. It was basically bricked because of an authentication issue or something similar (according to the help files I found about this error).- For hours I could not get in. I shut down several times. I restarted my router. Next I got an error that the OS was "broken" and the whole OS needed to be reinstalled, factory fresh, which would wipe all my setup.- I was told to do this on a flash drive - download the OS file on another computer and bring it over. I tried and then I couldn't, because my brand new flash drive could not work with a Chromebook. Chromebooks do not run ANY - I repeat, ANY - exe files. None. The flash drive needed to run one to set up the software.- Then before boxing it to return it since the OS can't be reinstalled I try it one more time, for optimism. Yay, everything is back! No OS warnings! I connect to my wireless. It sort of works, but the wireless drops every few seconds, off and back, off and back, never staying connected for more than about 15 seconds, then disconnecting, then connecting again, over and over and over no matter how many times I restart it (both the computer and the router).-My phone, my ipod touch, my Macbook, and two very old backup laptops all connect to this wireless network without this problem. It's just the chromebook that can't do it consistently. It's been suggested I change router settings. Since this laptop is meant to travel, how can I rely on it if I have to mess with routers just to make it work as adequately as normal devices do? Is it really that buggy and finicky that you have to bend other technology around it so it will work for its one purpose, using the internet? I can't mess with routers on a plane, I can't do that at Starbucks, I'm not going to do it at someone else's house. It makes me think the laptop is just unreliable and buggy with different routers, which makes it kind of useless for travel.- My 9-year-old dinosaur of a Dell laptop loads pages at about the same speed. I know because I tried them next to each other. Only the Dell didn't keep dropping the wireless.- The latest error is that I can't search in Google as the app is not currently working. Suddenly. Randomly. It wasn't a problem 10 minutes ago; nothing happened; now it is. It tells me to get an extension then goes blank. And again, for a machine that only features the internet, not being able to search is an issue.- I restart and restart and restart and it's fine for a few minutes and then something goes haywire.I think the dream of a great, non-buggy $250 laptop was probably too good to be true. I knew it would be limited but I thought it would do really well at the one thing. I know some people had a different experience but I've only had the one and that's all I can speak to. I'm still giving it some stars because maybe mine's a lemon, and the size and idea are good, and I like the keyboard. It's just not a computer I would ever count on.
computer|I was not impressed by the initial Chromebooks. I simply couldn't justify to myself paying that much for what amounted to a seriously crippled laptop only marginally less expensive than a low-end real thing. Now this Chromebook came and it changed everything because of its significantly lower price and a the clear improvement in quality, features and performance.I've only used mine for a few days now but I can tell already that it's a keeper.THE BIG PLUSES- It's affordable. Big time. You simply can't beat the price for anything decent 'laptop-like'. Yes, you could get a Nexus 7 for about the same price, or a Kindle but...- Screen size. Related to the above. There's a lot more square inches of screen on the Chromebook. Yes, much lower pixel density when compared to current tablets but...- Keyboard. Try to write a few dozen emails or THIS review (I'm writing it now) on a tablet. Not a pleasant undertaking. Sure, keyboards come with most laptops but...- Light as a feather. Well, 2 pounds is not exactly feather-weight but you'd be spending a lot more for a decent laptop.- No fans, no moving parts, not much heat.- Safe. As in "it doesn't matter if your Chromebook gets stolen, shatters into a thousand little pieces or melts" for as long as your data goes to the cloud. All you need is a new one - hopefully it was under warranty when the accident happened - or you can get to your data from a friend's Chromebook or access it through whatever it takes to get to your storage area in the 'cloud'.- Quality stuff. It really is. The Keyboard compares favorably to the the ones you'd normally pair with a tablet and even to MacBook's.- Ports. Not all laptops and tablets come with HDMI ports and even fewer have USB 3.0.- 100GB of free storage on Google's cloud forever. Well... sort of. Whatever you place there for the first 2 years stays there forever but you'll have to pay for additional storage after 2 years.I've been using computers and related gadgets since... I can remember and not many triggered a 'wow' reaction from me but this is one of them. For background, we have probably 3 dozen 'things' on our home Wi-Fi network at this time: a desktop, media servers, a few laptops, more tablets than I can count, smart phones, game consoles (both large and portable), Internet radios, receivers... you name it, all eager to serve our many work and entertainment needs (large family) but I can see how I won't be this Chromebook's only user for more than one reason.- Larger screen than a tablet's makes for a better video watching experience.- Attached keyboard makes in the preferred choice when emailing or text-chatting.- Quick boot time (5 seconds?) makes it always available when needed, unlike laptops, desktops.- Connectivity and 'ports' allow for easy expansion. My favorite is pairing with some decent Bluetooth speakers when watching a movie.THE MAJOR MINUSESOf course, not everything is perfect. Nothing ever is.There are some reasons to be concerned, mainly having to do with the availability of your data and its safety. It really comes down to 'do you trust Google with your data?' and to 'do you trust Google to always be there to provide you access to your data?'. My take on this is: do NOT store anything on anyone's cloud that you wouldn't share with a stranger and you wouldn't care much if you lost it. I always keep my personal and confidential data backed up more than once and on devices that can't be easily accessed by 'everyone'. My experience with Gmail is that Google's cloud is quite reliable for keeping casual information and I have no intention of storing anything other than casual content on Google's cloud in the future unless I find some perfect encryption scheme.The other issue is the availability of 'apps'. Google is in full control of what you can run on your Chromebook. If Google decides that you may not run Netflix tomorrow, Netflix is gone. And it's unlikely that you'll ever see Microsoft Office at Google's store. So, it all comes down to how happy you are with what Google offers you today and how confident you are that you are going to be happy with Google one year from now. But, to me, at this price, this is not big deal.I LOVE ITWhich explains my 5 star rating. I know, love needs not be explained or justified but, since I have a pretty good idea why I love this Chromebook, here it is. The price makes up for most of it, then it's the near-instant availability, the near-worry free availability of the apps expect to use most with it: entertainment, emails, text and video chats and the reasonably well engineered body that's light, comes with a decent display, good keyboard, most essential expansion ports.-->> Brush your teeth, it's the law! &lt;&lt;
computer|I purchased this Chromebook/laptop to give to my 13-year-old.He loved it, so did I. We take turns using it. (I promised to get him another one)Pros:It boots up very fast - 15 seconds and I am ready to use it.Extremely easy to set up - just type in your gmail username and password. That's it!!!!!Easy to use in the family - set up as many users as you want, all private.Printing is very easy.Everything we need in a small portable house computer.(we have 2 desktops and a large laptop - large family)Cons:At this price I do not see any.
computer|I recently bought this laptop for school and I love it. It's fast and lightweight, it comes with basically everything that a student would need. I'm normally an Apple person but I have to say I'm really impressed with this laptop. My only cons are the laptop NEEDS wifi to work to it's full capacity and you cannot save your documents to the "desktop".Also, it doesn't allow me to sync my iPhone to the laptop, at all and Netflix does not work.But aside from those small cons, the laptop is great and such a good price.I would recommend this to any student who needs something to use for school.Great apps - mySchoolNotebook, 90's games, Zoho documents and slide rocket from the google chrome store.
computer|Great machine. Easy to use. Lite weight, Great Video Display,It's slow and skips when you try to watch streamed media like a news channel. Could use more RAM.
computer|I got this computer last week, and although I haven't had it for long, I already love it. I bought this product from amazon even though they said out of stock, but too days later, I got an email saying that it was shipped, and a couple days after that it was on my doorstep. I'm very impressed with the design, and it is quicker then I expected. I was also thrilled when I plugged in my old DELL mouse, and it hooked up right away. I would recommend this to anyone who like to travel, or is just looking for a alternative to windows. I love how it is absolutely quiet, and their is very little heat. I cannot express how thin it is, a friend of mine saw it, and almost didn't believe the price, and he used it for a awhile, and was very impressed. It's faster then my dual core 4gb ram windows laptop. The sound is also way better then I thought. I would encourage anyone looking for a cheap laptop to buy this product.
computer|My 9 year old Toshiba laptop died recently. The hard drive crashed, it was in need of a new battery and fan (both for the third time) and the screen hinge had broken. I was not interested in either a Windows machine or a Mac. I bought a Samsung Chromebook and I'm very happy I did. I had already moved most of my music and documents to the cloud so the change was easy. In two weeks with the Chromebook I haven't missed the local apps that used to clutter up my machines (word processing, video editing, anti-virus, etc.). I open the screen on this thing and in a few seconds I'm on the web for email, Google apps (calendar, documents), games, Facebook, you name it. I have enough local storage on it to save various things but I haven't found the need to. I get about 6 hours of battery life, it runs cool all day, connects to all WiFi networks without incident. and the keyboard is a pleasure. Around two pounds to carry, it slips into my work bag and I hardly know it's there. The other day it did a system update in about 10 seconds. The fact that it is always up to date and virus free only adds to the advantages. Thanks Google and Samsung! As far as I'm concerned, you hit it out of the park!
computer|It is light, very fast, cheap and highly functional. I was going to buy a new desktop, but opted for the Chromebook instead. Check out the reviews such as the one in liliputing.com. It is able to run an excellent office suite comparable to most of Microsoft Office either online or offline. I found, and it think most users will find, that the Chromebook will support more than 90% of one's computing needs. The only missing app I need is iTunes, and that is only to convert CDs. But once converted, songs can be stored and played on the Chromebook or loaded to an iPod or other device from the Chromebook.
computer|The Bad:Without wifi, the only thing that works on this is the calculator.Since there is no place to load programs onto, this is not going to be able to run Java.Lastly, every now and then, it locks up for no reason at all. The only cure is to close and leave it for over an hour.The Good:It is a great size for travelIt holds its charge really wellDon't buy this as a replacement for a laptop, but for something cheap and good for travel, it is worth the $$
computer|best. computer. everrrrrrrrrr :) I was never happier than when I received this gift from my husband! it's a practical, strong, lightweight laptop! love it!
computer|Last year I bought my Mom a Chromebook for Christmas. She, has loved using it, so this year I did a little research, and decided to order the arm based Samsung Chromebook for myself. It has been a joy to use, and must be one of the best values of 2012. Completely silent, cool running, and fast enough to do the job. For $250 it can&#8217;t be beat. Some have written that it is just a browser, and not useful, but they are flat out wrong. I use it everyday for all kinds of tasks, and find it very useful. It is not perfect, but it is very good, and will only get better with the automatic updates. As a bonus It also comes with 12 gogo passes to use on airlines that offer this service. I used it last week on a flight from Atlanta to Buffalo, and it worked great the whole way. I really like it a lot. As I said, though, it is not perfect. Here are a few of the things I like and dislike so far:Pros...-Silent (No spinning hard drive, no cooling fan)-10 second boot from off, 2 second resume from sleep-No anti-virus needed- Automatic OS updates-Plays Amazon instant video ( but not in HD)-Able to edit word documents offline-Read and create email offline (If you set it up)Cons...-File management still needs to be more flexible (no way to create folders in the sidebar)-No Netflix support for the arm version-Finish scratches easily-Right wrist-rest creaks at times.-Cannot edit spreadsheets offline (as of 1/17/2013)I'm sure I haven't explored all the features yet, but so far so good.
computer|I bought this as a light weight reader for school to be able to read pdf, powerpoint and word files without lugging a heavier laptop around... these are the file types my professors use.... it is only marginal in this, and hit or miss whether the chrome reader will properly display the file... if you have specific needs other than basic web surfing, you may be disappointed, even at this price.
computer|Small and can fit anywhere. Enough power to do what I need to do. I like the Apps store lots of neat stuff.
computer|I wanted to share my experience with this little device with Amazon user. First I checked the device in Best Buy and it seemed very much like a apple macbook air without the $1000+ price tag. It is web based device and if you do off line computing spreadsheets etc, this is not a device for you. Anyways I decided to buy one and give try. The first unit I bought was keep crashing or screening getting frozen and all kinds of issues. I was very disappointed and keep sending google a report indicating that Chrome OS sucks. But shortly after I decided to give a try to second device and see how that goes. Well I got the second unit and so far zero problems. It works perfectly and I am very happy with it. If you are experiencing issues with the device such as sw crashes or screen locking up on you, don't waste your time because the issue is the hardware and replace the unit ASAP.
computer|......with this Chromebook and have never been unhappy. I love the fact that I don't always have to be updating it, worrying about spending $$ on security software and Malware protection. If you can live on the Internet and use &#34;cloud&#34; based software, this is a great way to go at a very inexpensive price.
computer|At first I was afraid to buy the netbook but now I am truely glad I did. I read alot of the reviews on here good an bad and must say I don't understand the bad ones at all. It is a great size, very lightweight, great cam/mic, and the full size keyboard is a real plus. The fact that you don't need an antivirus program and you don't need to worry about running out of power (it has a six and a half hour battery life) is another big plus in my book. I like the google chrome software and honestly have no complaints about it. I have a tablet but it's limited since you need a keyboard to really do alot of things on the internet. This netbook fits the bill. So if you are thinking about getting a netbook but not sure if you'll like this one........you will.....don't worry.
computer|I have my desktop for heavy lifting still but I haven't touched my laptop since I got my chromebook. And the 100gb of drive storage is awesome
computer|For my work I write a lot. About a year ago I switched over to Google docs as my main word processor.The Chromebook just made sense. I use gmail and Google docs everyday for extended amounts of time.If you are similar, then buy this laptop. The value is amazing. My brother uses a Macbook air. Serious, side by side, this thing isn't over $1000 off, which is what you'd pay! Nuts! In fact, the keyboard feels very similar.Know what you are getting. It is its own operating system (Not windows, Mac, or linux). It works in the Google ecosystem, and if you play in that system, this is an amazing deal. Buy it.
computer|Fast, lightweight, perfect size. I was afraid the screen & keyboard would be too small, but it's just right. The keyboard feels full size - much easier use than my daughter's Acer netbook. Almost no lag time when going from site to site. Very easy to work with Google Drive (& Skydrive which I have for my phone).
computer|The Samsung Chromebook by Google are for those who just want to use a simple device for everyday needs. Email, facebook, that term paper, calendar, powerpoint, project, web browsing, etc. Done. I suggest you have another computer at home to use so that after you're done finishing whatever you need to finish with this chromebook, you can access it at home and complete your work on an actual PC. For example, when I'm at Starbucks or in the library, I use this chromebook (yes you can use it offline as well) to type a paper; however, I don't have Microsoft Word, instead I use Google Docs. So when I get home, I access it on my Google Drive then I can save it to Microsoft Word and make the changes I need. By then I can print and do whatever. So it's really like an &#34;On the Go&#34; kind of laptop. It really shouldn't be an ALL IN ONE/STORE EVERYTHING laptop. I love it. Please know your facts and what your investing in before you buy because it's actually a steal for just $250.
computer|Granted, the class of Chromebooks have been underachievers ... until now. For Google Apps-based tasks, this is excellent, and it's a light (2.5 lbs?) travel companion. Battery power great. Keyboard great. For a Mac OS user it takes a little getting used to, but not a lot. Great, great value.
computer|I am by no means a computer expert, but after reading the other reviews I decided to give the new Chromebook a chance. I was seriously thinking about purchasing a &#34;tablet&#34;, but tablets seem to be nothing more than large smart phones. The chrome operating system had me confused at first, but ultimately set up was very easy. I went out immediately and purchased a wireless mouse which works fine. I was also able to easily figure out how to get documents to print to the wireless printer in the house. For the money I consider this a great buy.
computer|This is not normally the kind of device that I would use, except for fun but actually it has turned out to be incredibly reliable, fast and useful. Particularly ideal for anyone who has to travel or needs a very light-weight device with an excellent battery life for low cost. Although I actually find Chrome OS a surprisingly effective operating system (once you get used to the idea that it is different from other OSs), it is now very easy to load another OS onto Chromebook so that you can dual-boot Chrome OS and, say, Ubuntu - allowing you access to the full range of standard office software and do more things offline too (using an SD card). Go to [...] to find out more.
computer|Bought the Samsung Chromebook as a gift for my mom. I think it's perfect for her because it's very simple to use, starts up and shuts down fast. Keyboard and touchpad is very much like a macbook -simplistic design, scroll with two fingers, I believe...right click holding &#34;alt.&#34; It's a chrome browser plus apps in case you want games on the device for when no wifi is available. Very much like a tablet with a full size keyboard -without touch screen. Like I said...good if all you want is something simple to use for leisure.Here's my personal opinion and why I gave it just 3 stars.Essentially, I need more. Chromebook didn't quite hit the spot even though I had high hopes for it. Honestly, if you have a good smart phone - I wouldn't recommend getting this product.Cosmetically - the Chromebook (CB) seems/feels cheap.1. The screen was smaller than expected.2. speakers are @ bottom of CB corners -so sound is muffled when placed on the lap/sofa/bed. Hard surfaces are ok.3. With lid closed, there's the hinge bar thing that runs on top of the notebook (I'm referring to the part that connects the top half to bottom half -and the photos dont reeeally show it). So basically, when you run your hands over the top of the CB there's a long horizontal bump - just not aesthtically pleasing.4. NOT BALANCED. w/ lid opened, it is BACK HEAVY. no joke, I almost dropped/flipped this device several times while shifting my legs about. When you want to show someone something on the screen, you have to hold or support the back part.I hope 3 & 4 made sense. If not, I HIGHLY SUGGEST going to a store and testing it out yourself.Other cons:1. DOES NOT STREAM NETFLIX!!!! ...yet -it's in the works.2. It gets warm. Some reviews said it the CB stayed cool. I streamed HULU and Youtube for about 30 mins, and it felt like the machine was working for hours. It got to a pretty warm temperature.3. Touchpad is not as good - there's more drag.4. The CB starts up in super bright setting, regardless of what previous setting was (until login screen). So BEWARE when you're in a dark space.5. SETTINGS - takes you to the Chrome site to adjust - feels limiting.That's all for now, hope this is helpful.
computer|The chromebook is excellent for internet, is light, fast boot, and you don't have to turn it off, have a good battery life and is extremely easy to use.
computer|This product is excellent for me. It is a web book and I was disappointed in my Kindle Fire with regard to its web application. So my Chromebook is exactly what I wanted it to be.
computer|Before purchasing this laptop, I did extensive research on it. I needed a new laptop for my old one has lost it's battery life. It work perfectly fine other than that. This lead me to want a computer that was light, portable, fast, and good battery life. This computer contains all of those features, along with many more. My favorite thing is the remote desktop. I can hook up my chromebook to my other computer that has to stay plugged in and control it. It is perfect for when I go away and need to update a document or get a photo. I would say it would not be a good choice to get if you are looking for a computer that would totally replace a pc or mac. The battery life is about 6-7 hours. I do have to say some bad things. First of all I have noticed that when ever I open the lid sometimes it needs an extra 3 seconds for it to connect to the wifi. It is not a huge problem but is something I would like to mention. Also when streaming videos it can skip a little/ buffer. I do not know if that is the exact term but that's how I would describe it. Overall I really like this computer and love how fast and portable it is.Pros:~Portable~Easy to use~Fast~good battery life~good amount of apps~boots up fast~Cheap~3G version you can get 2 years of 100mb of free data.Cons:~buffering some~can have issues with wifi (sometimes)
computer|I rate this product with five stars because they made christmas day just in the nick of time. I had ordered a samsung chromebook for my son for christmas at the beginning of December, and it was back ordered. I kept checking back everyday to see if it had been sent. I wasn't sure if I should cancel my order or ride it out. I decided to stay with it and keep my fingers crossed. Finally to my surprise, my chromebook was delivered Christmas Eve. I thank amazon and all the truckers out there to make this happen!! My son loves his chromebook.
computer|I bought this for my 14-year old daughter and she has been using it continuously since Christmas.. So far, no particular complaints; which is rare for any 14-year old. I think we are both most impressed with Google's nearly automatic connectivity and functionality.
computer|At this price, the Chromebook finally makes sense! Here is what I like about it:- Beautiful design!- Responsive and fast boot-up!- Full keyboard makes for an excellent typing experience. How many tech items exist at this price point allow for a good typing experience?- It performs all claimed functions very well. It is difficult for me to recall the last time I purchased a tech item that truly did everything it claimed to do well.- Very lightweight!- Reliable!- Good battery life.I feel the Chromebook satisfies the computing needs for 80% of the population. More computing power would only be needed for hardcore media editing, hardcore gaming, or software development. Not everyone needs to do those things.I cannot wait until a Chromebook like this comes out with a larger screen and similar price point. It will be the perfect candidate for my grandparents!It is awesome to have an alternative to Windows and Apple for personal computing.
computer|It does everything it says it will, so just make sure you read what it says it will and won't do. Great keyboard (although it lacks HOME & END keys), It might be smaller than you expect--it was for me, but I'm okay with it. Get out a ruler and measure out 11.6 inches. Definitely a tablet-sized computer as opposed to larger laptop. Once they get Netflix to work on it, it won't have any limitations for me.
computer|We bought this for our daughter, who is currently in grade school. They are allowed to bring their own laptop or tablet, so this seemed ideal.For this purpose, Google provides enough tools and apps that she doesn't need a full-fledged PC or Mac.The design and quality is awesome and very cool. Good build quality, though not as good as a Macbook Air, but those are 4x the price. The plastic body doesn't flex a whole lot when picked up one-handed. It's super slim and light and has great battery life.The screen is very good. I don't notice too big a difference in contrast, brightness or color when viewing at various angles.Keyboard is good and responsive. The trackpad is large, and you can either tap it to click, or physically click it. Works just like the Macbook's. It also has gestures (2-finger swipe to scroll, etc).While it's speedy enough for most tasks, some games and other flash applications can get the jitters, but overall, it's not usually a problem.
computer|I bought this unit as a gift. It is a great laptop to use for internet surfing and email. Amazingly simple to start up and fast. Can't believe getting this kind of quality for such a low price. The person I gave it to just loves it.
computer|So I got this because I couldn't bring myself to waste $600 on an iPad. This is a lot cheaper and I liked that it had USB ports and HDMI. The only issues I've had so far: Netflix doesn't work (hulu and other streaming devices work but not netflix instant yet). Also I took this on a plane with me and tried to open some games I had downloaded the apps for, etc, and nothing would open without internet connection. Yes you can download apps but you really need wi-fi to open them, unlike the ipad or other tablets. That was a little frustrating. The camera also isn't the best, but I didn't expect it to be really. I am let down by those aspects but overall I am still pleased with my purchase. Very lightweight and durable. I recommend it if you need a cheap laptop and are okay not being to access all your apps on the go.
computer|I got this as a gift for a child, and he uses it all the time; he chose this over an iPad (not sure why, except it has a keyboard); it does everything that Google says it will, and more. I find the keyboard a bit small for my tastes, but the owner finds it better than a standard size (he's a child).
computer|Love it, need to learn how to use it. Have app't with Google technician. Super Quick. Harder to learn after having windows laptop.
computer|Just got this little laptop and haven't yet learned all it's capabilities. But so far I'm really enjoying it. I'm not a gamer, mainly use it for surfing the web & email. Very simple to set up out of the box. Lightweight & compactness make it a pleasure to use vs. conventional laptop. Google chrome is simple and intuitive. I think this is a great buy vs. many of the tablets which cost as much or more. Haven't tried it yet for movies, ebooks, other visual apps, For my needs, this is a perfect device.
computer|The keyboard is AMAZING, the battery life is AMAZING, and of course the fact it runs on an ARM processor means it has no fan so ZERO moving parts and it still stays cool! It is not going to do everything that a Windows computer can but for the price you shouldn't expect it to. If you need a good second computer for work or, like me, for a school computer you can't do much better. I would highly recommend this product!UPDATE:After using this lovely device since October I get more and more impressed with it. First off I love the fact that the updates are quick, painless, and come right from Google. Second, it handles a drop pretty well! I, of course, don't recommend you trying this at home, but it took a fall from waist height and landed right on the lid. It got scuffed up pretty good but the darn thing keeps ticking! No rattles or anything. Lastly now that it supports Netflix it makes a great addition to an HD TV.
computer|The ultimate in simplicity. Open the cover and anything web based is there. While the Chromebook requires reliable WIFI to be truly useful, this system is ready to go to access web based email, browse for recipes, and check up on facebook. For all the years I have tried to help my relatives in FL with computers, this is the perfect answer to why computers don't have to be difficult.Technical support now becomes reseting the router!Open the cover, and it's ready...
computer|My middle school daughter loves this net book. She is familiar with MS office only but immediately adapted to google drive. She made a power point (Or google presentation) the first few days and has written several homework projects already. She watches you tube and listens to music. It is a great lap top for middle school as they don't need much else. It frees up our home desk top for the others in our family and allows her to do her work at her desk with all of her school supplies. It allowed us to give her a computer without breaking the bank and with less worry about it breaking. She loves the small size and the fact that it is so light weight.
computer|I really feel like this is one of the best bargains I've ever gotten. I wanted something that was cheap enough for me not to worry about it being stolen but of a good enough quality for it to be enjoyable to use when travelling. When I'm at home I use it for email and web surfing in front of the television. A relative of mine got a new Macbook Air, which I was surprised to find was heavier than my new Chromebook. The keyboard is full sized and like the one I'm used to working on on my Mac. It's great. I bought the first Asus EEE netbook when it came onto the market years ago and it's almost laughable how much better my Chromebook is. And it was cheaper! I think it's also a great candidate for someone who is not tech-savvy who just wants to surf and check email, since all security updates are automatically downloaded and installed when you power it on. It boots up so quickly from being completely powered off I don't even bother putting it to sleep. I couldn't be happier with my purchase.
computer|It far exceeded my expectations. I love the sleekness of the product when it's closed and absolutely was astounded at it's quick response and resilience to viruses because of the way the OS works.Couldn't be happier with the purchase.
computer|This is the perfect way to go online, and at a perfect price. I like not needing to worry about viruses or getting PC updates. I can do almost everything I did with my PC, except Netflix and Photoshop. But I am sure I will soon be able to get netflix on this chromebook also. And there are tons of apps , some even similar to photoshop. I would recommend this Chromebook to anyone who needs an inexpensive way to do most anything you do online.
computer|I got this for my daughter to take to school, its small and lite and can be carried with ease. It does everything she needs and more! we did see some reviews that gave a lower score because of the resolution but we found it to be just fine. We wont watch movies on it and if we did I still think it would be ok. Battery life is also very good. All in all, I think you would be hard pressed to find a machine that does what this one does for the money! you wont go wrong here!
computer|I bought this for my daughter for Christmas this year. She opened it and after a few minutes of set up, she was browsing apps and customizing it to her styles. So far she really likes it. It was a quick set up, it booted up fast and didn't need too much &#34;thinking&#34; time.
computer|Bought this as a Christmas gift for my boyfriend and he absolutely loved it. Will be buying me lots of jewelry in the future as a token of his gratitude ...
computer|This is the most useful computer you can own for the price. In process of getting into the cloud storage. Hope to phase out the standard desktop computers in the office and make this the primary computer for myself and my office staff.
computer|Solid machine: fast, light, useful. Great value: no other machine I know of provides simplicity, reliability and utility in such a package for this low price. Verizon 3G works well. Impressive speed; better than my iPhone 4G for speed of surfing. I've already recommended the Chromebook to friends and colleagues.
computer|I don't need a full blown laptop with the functionality of Windows. It does everything I need it to do and it's speedy too.****Update****I ended up finding that this is the perfect computer for the dining room/living room. I have a tablet, but when I don't want to mess with a touch screen and actually get work done, so I fire the Chromebook up. I do have a laptop that I have in my computer room that I use for things that I have to use the Windows OS. Other than that. I use this daily and probably charge it once a week, if that. Highly recommend a Chromebook of any kind.
computer|Immediate start, simple to set up, will help my 14 y/o work wirelessly doing homework using Google docs. This powerful slim chromebook is the solution we were looking for and she absolutely loves it!
computer|so far, I love the Chromebook. All the features you could ever want are there. My only qualm is with the touchpad. The button towards the bottom for the "click" gets stuck quite often. The frame is so thin that I can press the button back up from the bottom. It can be frustrating when trying to perform tasks, but I guess you could just click from the mousepad.
computer|This little machine is very well designed. Incredibly speedy. It is a great complimentary device to a tablet, as it is far better at doing anything productive on the web.... ie, composing emails. working on cloud spreadsheets, booking travel, online banking. Great product for $249
computer|I tried AVI files and they work, at first, then hang up and play for 20 seconds, pause for a minute, play for 20 seconds. Really irritating. Otherwise, though, works fine. Great for surfing and writing. Keyboard rocks.
computer|Small, well built. I like the feel of it. Has a "Mac feel", kind of like a Mac Air but at a much more comfy price...But again, know what you are buying. Its not a true laptop.... but in some ways its better.I do miss the side numerical keyboard pad of my previous laptops, but that would make this larger. 11.6" is tiny...perfect travel companion.If it had a backlit keyboard it would be near perfect.For those who really just want an online machine and dont mind using the cloud for storage, this is an amazing value. Cetainly a netbook killer in my opinion. Doesnt need all the memory or processor power of a true laptop because of what it is. Do some research and see if you can really need anything more than what this is. It does plenty for my purposes, but it wont replace my "main" PC.VERY HAPPY.I actually paid more than the LOW retail price because it sold out everywhere during the holidays....even so it was still a great deal.
computer|This product is superb for a user that does not need desktop applications. Folks invested into the Google ecosystem will find it quite natural. The operating system (Chrome) is very light weight and out of the user's way. The keyboard is comfortable and functional. Battery life has satisfied (~6.5hrs actual use). Multiple account support is very clean and easy.The screen is a matte finish and you will definitely notice it's quality isn't the highest (although to be fair I am comparing this to my desktop's ultra sharp).Recommended overall.
computer|After a slight learning curve for &#34;cloud&#34; based data and program access, my father found the Chromebook to be a great fit. Quick power up. Quality keyboard. Responsive processor.
computer|I purchased this for my 12 year old granddaughter for Christmas and she loves it. It is a perfect size for her and it is fast and lightweight. She is very pleased with it.
computer|I love my new chromebook. It's the perfect size for school and work. I had already been starting to use a lot of the Google apps for work and personal. I love being able to quickly switch between accounts. Quick at restart. And it's so fast! I love that it will never get slow. (I've even heard Apple people say that they like the chromebook.)
computer|I could not be happier with this device. The screen is pretty high-res, the keyboard is comfortable to type with, and it's incredibly light. I have plenty of cloud services and apps I use, so I can actually use this device much of the time, without having to fall back to my Mac or PC.As long as you have a full PC or Mac, this device is epic. If you don't have another computer, and don't use many cloud apps, this probably isn't the device for you - but for my purposes, I'm thrilled with it.
computer|I was eager to leave greedy Microsoft and Apple behind, so when the price of Chromebooks got reasonable I bought one. So far, so good, and with the continuing development it should get better, unlike the others that clog up and expect you to constantly pay to upgrade.
computer|Would be 5 stars but for one software glitch with saving documents that Google has been working on. Google techs have been very responsive and have showed me a workaround. Otherwise, product has been outstanding..... fast, good screen, great battery life.
computer|This is my first Chromebook and I'm head over heels in love. I researched these for about three months and decided that it fit my needs perfectly. I use it daily and I'm even writing my review on it now. The battery life is great and charges in what seems like no time at all. I'm a Google geek so I had insight using Google Chrome browser, Google Drive, Google+, Google Calendar, and Gmail. Regardless, I highly recommend this for absolutely everyone, This is just too sweet a deal to pass up!UPDATE: 3/21/13Still the best purchase I have made in a long time. Don't miss this amazing Samsung product!
computer|It is fun to participate in the computing migration from power at the PC to light clients that get their horsepower remotely. This product demonstrates how the Google suite of products if fully capable of replacing the PC. It is a joy to use. On top of that, I am extremely satisfied with Amazon's quick shipping that landed the Chromebook on our doorstep on Christmas Eve. This product had been back-ordered through December and getting in time for Christmas was a family treat.
computer|I just got the Chromebook a week ago- waited for about 3 weeks for Amazon to get them in stock and ship. So far, I am VERY pleased with this computer. It loads so quickly! It is nice that you can create different user pages and never have to worry about others logging into your account/settings. It is very easy to download apps and browse the internet. One thing to note- when you buy the Square Trade warranty, the plan will go into effect right away. If the computer is on back order you will have to call them to postpone the contract start date. Kind of a silly set up as you would think there would be a communication with Amazon and Square Trade. Oh well. Otherwise, I am very happy with the picture quality, sound, a overall look of this computer. And you can't beat the price!!
computer|This item is perfect if all you want to do is surf the web and don't want to use a tablet. Excellent laptop for $250
computer|I love the Google Chromebook because it gives you the full computer lap top experience without you having to wait three minutes to reboot. It takes less than 10 seconds to reboot plus you can connect a printer to it but I have not tried that yet. Another good thing about the Chromebook is that it never needs anti-virus software because it has that protection built in. With Chromebook you get Apple quality without the punishing high price. I recommend this product for everyone such as businesses, schools, and just for personal use.
computer|This is an awesome unit and the price can not be beat. The only thing someone needs to understand is this is not a netbook or notebook - it's a cloud book and Google centric . That said, it's more of a standard OS than something like Android. On that note though, Android is creeping into a space where those lines are getting blurred. We have a &#34;Transformer&#34; that using Android and, other than the price for the pad feature, the two are very similar (Android also has a lot more apps obviously).Where Chrome shines is it seems to require fewer resources and be a bit more responsive. From my limited upstanding, the apps are done at a lower level. Chrome is just a windows manager on top of X. This is more of a Googlized Linux distro than Android which has an &#34;App&#34; framework that chews up extra resources to process.Chrome is a real winner. I can see where this will start replacing desktops in the businesses. Having fewer apps is actually a plus in a business environment and this might be how Google sees this playing out.
computer|I was a little worried it might appear to look cheap and would be slow but I was totally surprised. It looks great, is fast and works awesome!
computer|Great computer for a really great price. No wonder these sell out so quickly. It's like a highbrid computer though, similar to a mac book. My grandaughter loves it and lightweight~ WOW
computer|I gave this notebook as a gift this Xmas. The initial feel of the OS is quite different to a user who is used to PC/windows. However, after a few uses this is easily overcome. The notebook is very light weight and has excellent speed. Web pages cannot be opened to view in full screen so that makes viewing a little more difficult but You Tube will display as Full screen. We are android phone users and a re used to using the google store app but the app for the Chromebook is different and doesn't seem to have the full host of apps available. Overall we are very satisfied with this item and the functionality based upon the pricing.
computer|If you are looking for the best web browser, look no further. The Chromebook is very user-friendly with apps that link you right to the web page you wish to use. It is a very fast computer too, with current updates to keep the computer in top speed. This is a great backup computer or even a computer you just wish to use for browsing the web. The battery life is great with a very short charge time. The screen is rather small but easily solved by moving the screen a little bit closer to your face.
computer|The Samsung Chromebook is an excellent budget laptop....that is, if you are immersed in the Google culture. The laptop features a keyboard that measures very close to a full size one. In fact, the keyboard width is only a fraction of an inch narrower than the keyboard on my 14-inch laptop. The ARM processor is fast, battery life lives up to the advertised six hours (for most uses), and size and weight are great for maximum portability. It's got a great screen on it, the wireless card works very well, and the sound is at least as good as that on a good tablet. Of course, this isn't a full powered, full featured laptop, so if you're looking for that, look elsewhere. But, if you're a Google fan, have the need to create documents on the road, but still prefer a small, light device, you can't beat this.
computer|Simplicity of operation - my wife is the owner/user and the computer to her is a word processor and a e-mail device nd the chrome satisfies this need.
computer|I love this computer. It is everything I hoped it would be. I broke my leg last week and I have surgery on it tomorrow. This makes sitting at my desktop a very difficult task. Hello Chromebook. It does everything I need it to do. I live in Google drive for work and school anyway, so this is just icing on the cake. Beware: it is nothing but a browser so if you are offline, you can do nothing but simple word processing.This computer just works. I'm not a facebook junkie. I don't watch much tv on a computer (I move to my large screen and comfy leather coach for that). I generate content as much as I consume content on my computer. So for that reason the tablets, nice as they are, just don't work for me. I had a netbook that I run Jolli OS that I really liked, but the hardrive burnt out. You can't replace that one anymore (it was $250). This was the next cheapest thing. What I love the most is the battery life, the incredibly fast boot time (instant if just asleep), and the portability. The build is a little cheap, but not too bad. If you are similar to me, then this computer could work well for you. If you want it for watching movies and facebook then you best look at the tablet offerings.
computer|I recommend this laptop with reservations. For me and anybody who shares my use-case, this is just great; it is cheap, but it is laid-out perfectly. All I need is something to browse the web, stream the occasional video, play/save the occasional mp3, read some ebooks on, and most importantly to type documents. The Samsung Chromebook allows me to do those things beautifully, plus it doesn't generate a lot of heat, doesn't need to be plugged in to frequently, and it is as light as laptops get.That said, this will not suffice for many people; some services, such as Skype or Netflix, are unavailable. The app ecosystem manages to look crowded, but it is functionally pretty bare. I don't expect that to improve much with time since Google looks to be folding ChromeOS into Android in the coming years. Google is pretty lousy about supporting products and services that they no longer see as representing "the future." Oh, and your online activity is all Google's to harvest for their vague marketing purposes so long as you use their bargain-basement devices, so just know that privacy is virtually non-existent on a Chromebook.But none of that bothers me, because as a basic web box with a great keyboard and a decent word processor, this thing is impressive, and cheap. I'm a tiny bit nervous about the build quality, but if you stake out Square Trade you can get a pretty heavily-discounted 2 or 3 year protection plan. Mine is covered for two years against defects or my own clumsiness for under $40. Consider it if you believe in that sort of thing.Until I become independently wealthy and can afford a Macbook Air, I'll happily use this as my primary laptop.
computer|First off, the laptop is great. It starts up in less than 5 seconds and it connects my google and youtube accounts automatically. But if you do not have wifi, you are limited. This computer does not allow you to download itunes and i cannot edit documents or use excel while offline. Other than that, great product.
computer|Had a laptop for long time then there was a lot of talk about the Chromebook so I went and purchased it saying if I didn't like it they could buy it from me. After receiving it then spent next couple days cruising the internet and testing all the apps. I love it! It's much faster, lighter and not so bulky. Never really used the cd drive or allot the gadgets on the laptop but basically just internet so this is perfect to my needs. Brought it to work to show all the other guys and told them to go and buy their own!
computer|After much research, and debating over which MacBook I wanted, the 11.5 inch or 13 inch Air, or the 13-inch Pro or maybe the 13-inch Retina Pro, I never could decide to spend the money, not because I can't afford it so much as the over-$1000 (and much more with a few tweaks and AppleCare!) is just more of my money than I want to spend for something I'll take to work and on trips and around town.The Chromebook has come to the rescue. This is the light, take-it-along companion that I need. I only got it this afternoon. Already I have loaded pictures and music. I have watched videos and looked at email. All very quickly and easily.I look forward to using Google Docs for note-taking at work meetings. What I like about Google apps is that they are straightforward and intuitive. Honestly, I've never been able to stand Pages for word processing. It's an example of something that's so intuitive it's somehow become painfully cumbersome to use. I assume I'm not the only person who feels this way. Suffice it to say--this is a great gadget. And Amazon delivered very quickly--thanks!
computer|I only use this chromebook for surfing and it's perfect for it. It's a great alternative to ipads ( I love my keyboards)
computer|take it out of the box, open it up, and your using the internet, email, video chat, google drive, etc. Boots up in seconds, very light, battery life of 4 to 6 hours, depending on what you're doing with it. All the google software (which replaces conventional programs) works well, is free, and updates automatically.
computer|Read the reviews before buying. This device does one thing, and it does it well. Make sure you know what that is before you buy it.I needed a dirt cheap, silent, ice cool, weightless computer to make a portable typewriter for writing fiction. This thing is all of those and more. The problem is that it doesn't do much else. Sure, it browses the internet. And that's about it. No custom programs, some filetypes just won't work. The music player offline sort of sucks, and it was a pain to get my MP3s on here anyways.All that said, it's a writer's dream come true. It boots down and up in under 5 seconds. It goes into and out of sleep mode in about a second flat. The keyboard feels and responds nicely. Writing is comfortable. It lasts me all day without a charge, and charges quickly.I suggest getting one if you need a good cheap internet browser. I wouldn't suggest it if you want an actual laptop. But hey, it's under $300 and no Windows bloatware.
computer|It's an amazing device for the price. When on the road I use mostly email and browsing at hot spots with my own VPN wifi connection. I find the Chromebook to fit my needs perfectly as a second laptop for this. Now, I find myself using it around the house. I've become more and more Google-centric. I've been in IT/R&D for years, but I really wanted a simple device that was self-maintaining. Especially on the road, so this is perfect. I also wanted to keep my budget low ... can't get much cheaper than this. Again, I need to state the quality of this Samsung Chromebook is amazing.
computer|I bought this with high hopes and the interface and form factors were quite good. Problem was that immediately out of the box I had a problem where the laptop, once closed in &#34;sleep&#34; mode, would not wake up once the lid was opened. The power light was on but no amount of keyboard activation or button pushing wakes it up. I had to do a hard shutdown which resulted in an error in Chrome saying it had shut down unexpectedly. While searching the web for a solution (many others had this problem) the machine began to shut down and restart spontaneously every 5-10 minutes.Long story short, I reset to factory setting twice, made sure I'd updated the OS, and when both problems persisted... I sent it back.Too bad. I really wanted to love it. But, these problems combined with a hilariously unhelpful Samsung.com support site made me realize I'm too busy to deal with this.
computer|When I received my Chromebook, I expected it to be good, but it is just what I needed. It performs everything it says it does and does it exceptionally well.
computer|I bought a dozen of these to give away as Xmas gifts so I can't really give it a through review, but everyone who I gave one to loves it and uses it everyday and hasn't had any issues whatsoever with it. most of them said that they are still learning things about it and still trying to get used to it since its totally different from what their used to, but for the most part said its been really fast and hasn't slowed down at all. So far, all of them have been reliable and easy but s little confusing to use. Battery life was said to be good as well. I think this is a great deal though and would be great for any teenager. Especially if they are the type that needs a new one every year due to them either getting it wet or breaking it. Its really cheap to keep replacing this vs a MacBook Pro which my son keeps going through.
computer|This computer has so much to offer for such a small price! No, you can't run Microsoft Office products, but why do you need MS Office when you have Google Docs? I've discovered that everything I do can be done on the Internet and therefore, I can use my Chromebook for everything. The computer is super lightweight and I can easily take it anywhere. I use it for class, take it on trips, and use it nearly everywhere I go. The biggest plus about this computer is the battery life. I can use it for 8 hours or more without charging the battery. Props to Google and Samsung!
computer|I purchased two of these, one for my 12yo daughter and my 19yo son. They love the simplicity of Chrome OS and the convenience of the always ready Chromebook and I love the bang for the buck!
computer|got this for my daughter and she loves it she uses it to look stuff up and its not to big
computer|I love this Laptop. Even though it may be small, but it can do a lot. For 250, it is worth it
computer|There are dozens of in-depth reviews here, so I'll just leave my two cents on my personal experience:My lifestyle has changed. I don't do much more than web-based work when I'm on the go. My phone meets most of my needs on the go, but when I need to sit down and do a bit more work, I wanted a laptop rather than a tablet. I flip-flopped about this for weeks, debating Chromebook vs. Nexus 7. I settled on the larger screen with a quality keyboard for the same price.If your lifestyle is like mine, where you can do most of your work on your home or work computer and maybe you have a high-end phone that fills in another big part of your technological needs, a Chromebook may be a good solution for you.99% of what I do syncs to the cloud, so it's nice to have the same files available at work, on my phone, or on my Chromebook. It's a snappy experience to use the Chromebook and the 3G connectivity is a good backup when you're on the go.For those of you that are interested, check out ChrUbuntu for running Ubuntu on this ARM-based Chromebook. It's still in alpha as of this post, but may be worth checking out. Frankly, for $250 I am very happy to have a decent screen, a top-notch keyboard, USB 3.0 and an SD Card Reader. With wi-fi and 3G connectivity, I'm confident in knowing I can get work done just about anywhere.
computer|Whether or not you are an Android person, as long as the majority of your use is the web and e-mail, this is the machine for you. Just can't beat the value for this price. Loads quickly and is very smooth once connected to a Wi-Fi connection
computer|Great buy. I couldn't have asked for a better produce. Samsung and Google got this one right on the head,
computer|As there was a long wait, it took about a month to receive from the time of order. I provide tech training services and wanted to add Chrome OS to my repertoire of services offered.Received the Chromebook and setup was a breeze. Imported my bookmarks, made configurations. The display was exceptional -- bright, glare free and easy to read. Build quality was very good for the price. Keyboard and trackpad were nearly Apple quality. I used and enjoyed the Chromebook for 3 days and then there was an auto update and everything went to hell. Wifi would connect and drop within a few seconds, then the process would repeat continually. Contacted support which took 3 days for a response (too long). Response was that they were aware of the issue and there was no timeframe for resolution, so back it goes for refund.The unit itself was very good, and the cloud computing system of Chrome OS offered good functionality. However, the update wifi issue, and time it took Google support to respond, lead me to believe it is not ready for wide use and I could not, in good conscience, recommend this system to my clients.I will try a Chromebook again in 6-12 months to see if the system has developed to solid reliability.
computer|The Chromebook is an excellent choice and great for taking on trips. At $249, it has unbeatable value. There are special features that make it very convenient such as automatic synchronization of bookmarks and documents on Google Drive. Books on Kindle and iTunes songs are a snap to synchronize. Google docs allows working with MS Office documents. However, it does not have the full features. The screen is glare free. It is lighter than an iPad, with a bigger screen. The Chromebook still lacks certain features like being able to install third party software from disks. The apps are limited. But at $249, you can't go wrong. I've read where there is a $199 Chromebook from Acer. If it duplicates the Samsung, that's an even better deal!
computer|Does all it said it would at a terrific price. Most of what we do is internet and it's so easy compared to our windows 7 laptop.
computer|I almost returned this item because for some strange reason, it does not pick up the network in my apartment. I took it to my class and it had no problems connecting. This is not a bad buy if you want to do quick online browsing. I use it a lot to register my classes and look up information while in class. For $250.00 (plus shipping) its not bad. Don't even try to compare this to a macbook or other more expensive laptop as those are more powerful and built a bit more solid. However the Chromebook is small and light and fits my need for on the go web accessibility!
computer|Product is a great computer for light webbing and document writing. As a graduate student, this product was very beneficial in research and writing paper. If you re looking for an affordable computer, this is it.
computer|If you are irritated by the constant updating of Windows, virus or other programs that make your computer slow or unavailable while they update, start and restart, this computer if for you. It is quick to start (about 8 seconds vs. nearly 2 minutes for my existing desktop and netbook when they are NOT updating some software). The keyboard has excellent touch right out of the box and is adjustable too. The tile key arrangement makes typing easy....never could get the hang of it with my Acer netbook. I'm one happy cat now with this cloud based O/S that is always updated. If I were Microsoft or Apple, I'd worry about the future of computer installed O/S systems.
computer|Does as expected, cute, lightweight, functions fast and good quality. Looks and acts like a normal laptop. I'm happy with it so far.
computer|I love it so much! Fast and easy to use. It's also thin and light. The battery life is outstanding. I am amazed at the priceComparing with Apple's Macbook Air, Chromebook is really a cheap laptop, but Docs isn't as in-depth/extensive as Microsoft Office and additional USB ports. All in all, I am extremely happy with my purchase and highly recommend it.
computer|this is a great inexpensive means of having a web connection, typing into your documents, a light device, and it will not over heat your lap.
computer|Pros:- Very solid and sleek. I got to day this sub-notebook actually looks better and feels better than lots of the ultra portable laptops out there.- Very large touch pad (like macbook air)- Very responsive keyboard- Cheap! even for the 3G modelCons:- ChromeOS. I am a experienced PC user for years and i got to say for an end user this OS is very limited. So far have been using the chromebook for around an hour and got to say, there isn't much more than a web-browser...- Haven't gotten the Verizon 3G to work yet, but should get connected soon.Hoping to install Ubuntu soon but so far gave 4 stars cause of the lacking OS on the machine.
computer|I have had my chromebook for about a week now and love it. The only cons I have experienced so far is first day I had it i did have the issue others had with it disconnecting from the internet and then the screen going blank but I just restarted it and it has been fine since so hopefully it will be okay now, also on the front right corner if I barley press down on it makes a plastic creaking sounds which is quite annoying. but other than that this thing is amazing and you should give it a try.
computer|Fantastic little machine for the price. Amazing video clarity, ease of use....and for its size...the audio is quite good. The 6-plus hour battery life allows for portability without the hassle of recharging during extended use.
computer|Very happy with this purchase to replace my Sony Vaio laptop. No more updating, restarting, waiting for start-up, looking for a plug to charge (great battery life on the Chromebook). Lightweight and responsive, easy to use with good help sections for those who want to delve deeper. Highly recommended!
computer|If you understand that the Chrome OS is a web only OS and there is limited functionality offline, as well as the &#34;limitations&#34; of not being able to install &#34;software programs&#34;, but a plethora of free apps, then you will be pleased with the Chromebook. The SSD drive boots very fast. The processes are quick and the touch pad is very responsive. I played with one next to a Macbook air at nearly $1200. For $250, the Chromebook appeared just as fast and responsive. I bought it for a family member for home use, as a second computer. For that, it met all it's requirements. I was pleased with the build and feel. There are such a variety of free apps that I was able to duplicate all my Windows programs to about 90% satisfaction, with the exception of &#34;Dragon&#34; dictation and a DVD cloner. (The Chromebook has no DVD drive anyway). The Chromebook is more than adequate for 90% of what get behind a keyboard to do.
computer|I got my Chromebook several days ago. I've worked with it for a few hours and am keeping it.Pros- Great value for the price- Super light- Easy to import favorites- From what little I've done with Google app.s, they seem to be reasonable- It does save and apply the passwords I'd like to save, e.g., my email passwords and a few other who-cares-if-I-lose them sites- Starts up in just a few seconds- Decent speaker for the price- A decent amount of background options- Works with a mouseCons- Wi-Fi is really, really slow. I've run several speed tests at speakeasy.net against my Windows laptop and the Chromebook is woefully slower, so any video at all stops and starts a lot Update: When I place the Chromebook next to my router, it runs great. 15' and 1 wall away, it's bad. It must be the Wi-Fi antenna.- The base documentation is negligible. I had to use help a lot to figure how to change settings. For example, how to reset the clock to Central time isn't at all easy to find- Since there's no offline app.s, I had to buy a cloud password manager for my financial web passwords at $1 a month. I know, not a lot but it's more than free- The keyboard isn't very tactile. It feels cheap- Despite having a cursor speed control for a mouse, it doesn't seem to affect the speed so it takes a lot of mouse movement to get the cursor across a screen- Printing may be a hassle, but I don't see myself ever needing to print anything from it anywayLike I say, I haven't used it a lot yet but it's a keeper so far. This Chromebook will never be a workhorse laptop, but is fine for surfing.
computer|If you know what you are buying then you will love this computer. No audio Bluetooth support or Netflix yet. Both of these are rumored to be coming soon. Otherwise this is a great device for all your web based needs. Added a 32gb SD so I could stock it up with movies for watching offline. Battery life is as advertised. Overall, I love this &#34;computer.&#34;
computer|This little laptop is great. I use google for pretty much everything. Its battery lasts longer than advertised (around 8hrs on a full charge). The free 10mb 3g connection was a little tricky to set up but after a little searching we got that set up too.Super light little computer.If you aren't aware, its not a standard computer. It pretty much runs on the cloud - no programs like Photoshop etc can be installed on it. But its great for my purposes.
computer|Oh man. I love this little guy. I take him everywhere with me. Great for quickly accessing the internet and easy to carry around. There are so many apps to explore!!! The one downfall is the lack of memory. I'll just have to get myself an external to keep at home. no big whoop.
computer|It replaces a laptop for convience and has access to the same things I use. It could have a longer battery life and some of the features are not intuitive. Over all I would recommend it for web searches, email and less technical stuff.
computer|Samsung and Google have a good thing going here. It's a smart bunch of compromises, resulting in great utility at a really fair price. If you just want an easy and safe device for web browsing and writing, this is it. If you want to geek out and hack around with the underlying linux, you can do that too. It's a nice size for typing, sits in your lap well, and is light enough to carry around. I like it much better than a tablet.Pro: Inexpensive, easy to setup and use with a gmail account and Google Apps, light, good lookingCon: Screen is a bit fussy to get a good viewing angle, and the case scratches easily. Some will not be satisfied with this as their only device, although it can be great for work on the go.Would recommend for: gmail and Google Apps users, students, anyone who finds a tablet is not quite enough.
computer|Exactly what I want out of a netbook. Much more productive than a tablet. You can actually get things done with a keyboard and *real* web browser!The free 100Mb/month of mobile 3G broadband for two years is a lifesaver when you find yourself in an odd spot while travelling. I recommend splurging for that model. You won't regret it.
computer|I wanted a light portable computer with a good keyboard and instant on, and the Chromebook does that well. A few minuses...1) The screen tilts back only 130 degrees, which isn't quite enough when holding the computer on my lap or standing at a counter looking down. As others have noted the screen is dim when viewed at an angle, and not being able to open it beyond 130 degrees forces a viewing angle that is dim.2) I've used it now for a total of about 4 hours and the browser has "crashed" at least a dozen times (once while typing this). The error states "Google Chrome didn't shut down correctly". I click "restore" and it comes back quickly, but sometimes not exactly where I left off.3) I use MS Outlook web app, which works great in my Chrome browser on a MicroSoft PC. But the Chromebook browser does not seem to handle email preview pane or multiple views of the calendar (only one day, no week or month view). I expected the Chromebook browser be as feature rich as the Chrome browser for a MS PC.UPDATE: The browser crashed frequently, so I updated to the development level for the operating system. This got rid of the crashes for one day, but the next day the Chromebook would not turn on (screen was black). I like the concept, but I am returning the unit and will wait another 6 months or year until the bugs are worked out.
computer|Great for what it is; a tablet to get on the web. If you are expecting a full blown laptop you'll be disappointed. If you accept this is a good to great tablet at half the price of an ipad you'll be happy.For email, web, light office apps, you tube in a travel friendly package (6+ hour battery life) it's a good product at a fair price.
computer|I laughed when this was introduced. As i typed on my new Thinkpad I thought "what dummy would ever use this?". Well, that dummy is me. I love the simplicity and ease of use. As others have already written, I live in Chrome for most of my computing time anyway so all this does it make it easier and faster to access the content I typically would on my laptop. For the items that absolutely need Windows, like some of my customized work programs, i can use Remote Desktop and get it accomplished. It's thin, light, has a nice keyboard and trackpad (although I like more travel in the keys), boots in 7 seconds, comes awake instantly with no Windows 7 type issues and the battery lasts a long time. And it costs less than my smartphone. I've already sold my Nexus 7 tablet as I just didn't see the point anymore.
computer|At first, I thought I had made a huge mistake. The Chromebook has a smaller screen and sometimes much smaller print than the laptop it replaced. And, I am older and more visually challenged than I used to be. After a few days, I just love it. It is lighter, has a much longer battery life and most of all - NO microsoft. The keyboard is great - just the right amount of stiffness so I don't make keyboard mistakes. I can have multiple applications open at the same time, toggling between them easily. The only thing I don't like is having to log in as I am the only user. It would be good if there was some way to stay logged in. If you had to work in documents in google this might not be the computer for you but for my use it is wonderful. Sound is good - I listen to music on it too. And the price is to die for of course! $249
computer|I bought this computer partly out of curiosity (Chrome OS being an unknown) and partly out of the desire to have a cheap, portable computer to take with me while traveling. This computer has exceeded all expectations. It's incredibly fast, has a wonderful keyboard, and has been able to fill every one of my computer needs. For those of you who are less tech-savvy, it is fairly straightforward to use, although there are some tips and tricks that are worth learning.Samsung does themselves a disservice with their claim of the battery life. I have gotten well over *fourteen hours* of battery life on my computer on many occasions.Google updates their software frequently, and many of the issues that were present just a month ago when I purchased it (such as the lack of Netflix streaming) have been fixed. So even if there's a minor software thing that you might be worried about - I wouldn't be surprised if it was fixed in the next few months.This is a wonderful computer at the right price. I wouldn't want it to be my only computer - it is certainly nice having the full capacity of a primary computer. But for all other intents and purposes, this is a terrific computer that I would highly recommend buying.
computer|The Chromebook fits a small niche of the market, and I'm in that niche.I've been increasingly frustrated with my iPad and its poor web surfing ability (mobile versions of pages, formatting pages wrong, zoom resetting randomly, and the lack of Flash and proper Java still an issue with the many sites I frequent) and I found that I don't need a tablet in my life -- all of my computing and game playing is done on my beasty desktop gaming PC.What I really needed in my life is a small, very light laptop for surfing the net on my couch or in bed, with a few misc extras. Netbooks are notoriously slow and bogged down due to their &#34;light but not light&#34; versions of Windows, which is overpowered compared to their hardware. The Chromebook boots quickly and returns from sleep mode and picks up my home WiFi in less than 4 seconds consistently; it runs Chrome the web browser at normal speed and I have yet to run into any issues surfing the net. It has perfectly filled my need here. I haven't touched my iPad in the several weeks it's been since I got the Chromebook.I also installed Ubuntu onto an SD card via chrUbuntu, so I can boot into a full Linux OS whenever I'd like. Ubuntu runs at a decent speed, with minor issues.The bonus 2 years of 100Gb of Google Drive space is generous and a good deal as well. =)
computer|I fell in love with this product! I was in between a tablet and buying a new laptop when my old computer finally died and after a good month of research I came across the Chromebook. (I will admit I bought a tablet first and returned it because I hated it and not having a keyboard not to mention the tablet was slow compared to this little Samsung.) This Chromebook is so amazing! It has a super quick startup, the keyboard is perfect- even my fiance uses it with no problem and he loves it too! I can use the &#34;cloud&#34; to get word processing documents and spreadsheets. It also plays youtube videos perfectly, searches the internet, has great ways to personalize it and completely fits in my purse! I don't usually write reviews but this product totally deserved a 5 Start Review!
computer|tl;dr: Nice with ChromeOS, but I recommend the 3G version if you use it not just at home; /very/ nice with Linux. Both opinions take the price into consideration.Arrived from Amazon Warehouse deals in mint condition.Boot time and general usability for web browsing is amazing, considered the price: you don't get a MacBook Air, but then you also don't have to pay the price of the latter. The keyboard is one of the best I've seen in laptops of this size, although you might miss the F11 and F12 button and the &#34;correct&#34; positioning of the function keys if you plan to not only use Chrome. Also, page up/down keys would have been nice, but you can get around without them. The display is okay; brightness is not too high, but it's matte, not glossy, so for serious applications I actually like it more than some of the displays usually ranked better. One real drawback is that the angle in which you can open the display is quite restricted; a little more would have been better. The touchpad is also nice, but be aware that it doesn't support real multitouch (like pinch-zooming and rotation). Overall, the build quality is amazingly good, it is rather light and feels pretty robust for a device that inexpensive.Battery life seems to match the advertisements; 6h are realistic. For international users (I know, I know, you're not supposed to export this; just in case you still are a naughty girl): the AC adapter comes with a Mickey Mouse plug (IEC C5/C6), so you can just buy an according power cable and use wherever you go.After a few hours, I did what I planned to do in the first place: get Linux on it. Installing Ubuntu (using crouton) worked like a charm within minutes, and makes this machine useful also on the road without internet connection. Switching between the two operating systems (in this setup, they run side-by-side, both using the ChromeOS kernel) is instantaneous. Camera, microphone and speakers work in Linux. (But there are stories that you can melt your speaker with some settings, so be careful or wait until these issues are reported as resolved; use your google-fu and don't trust anybody.) Playing movies worked smoothly with mplayer (faster than on ChromeOS, actually). This might be different if you don't use the ChromeOS kernel, though, because AFAIK there is no good open source support for the rendering hardware yet.You can get most important applications for a Linux system like this, but be prepared to put in more configuration effort than for a standard desktop system. In part because you have to configure the system nicely for the screen size and to use the function keys not too often (this gets annoying because you won't hit the correct ones blindly), but also because you lack the Windows or Apple key between Ctrl and Alt, which typically is important for the window managers. (You can, however, reconfigure the &#34;search&#34; key at Caps location to resemble a fn key, to get page up/down and home/end as second-level options of the arrow keys.) Besides, the entire setup is non-standard - Chromebooks don't boot as usual PCs, due to an additional indirection layer before the BIOS; the use-the-ChromeOS-kernel configuration is not what distributions usually intend to work on; and the SSD drive (which really is a 16GB eMMC) is not what you typically find these days on a random machine.I'm not sure how a more demanding desktop environment will perform; crouton's &#34;default&#34; I'm currently using is XFCE, which is pretty fast, but I usually use awesome, which is even less resource intensive. Besides, I don't need graphics that much; thus, 2D and 3D performance is no dealbreaker for me. But, as I said, movies work fine.One important thing to note: Skype is currently not available on ARM chips other than smartphones. This not only means ChromeOS, but also Linux. I repeat: no Skype currently, and it looks like Microsoft doesn't (yet) have mid-term plans to change this. I've tried with qemu, but haven't been successful so far. But then again, there is a growing number of people in the Linux community playing around with inexpensive ARM-based hardware like this Chromebook and also the RaspberryPi, so I expect that the ARM ecosystem will develop very fast in the next few months. Invest and wait, or invest and help!If you don't plan to upgrade to a &#34;full-grown&#34; operating system but use it anywhere else than your sofa, consider buying the 3G version instead. ChromeOS itself is no fun without internet connection.
computer|I bought the Chromebook for my Dad (age 67). He is not very tech savvy, but really likes to go online, surf the web and check email and Facebook. He absolutely loves his Chromebook! He even took it on vacation with him last month so he could look up restaurants and activities while he was there. This from a guy who doesn't even own a cell phone! I've used it a bunch of times and am really impressed with the speed and lightweight shell. Thinking about buying one for myself to use when traveling instead of my Apple laptop.
computer|This computer is very beautiful, streamlined, simple and light. It travels well and never overheats. I would definitely recommend for a travel computer.
computer|The startup on this is amazing. Also the battery life is great! It is very light as well. Just make sure you have a wifi connection and your set!
computer|I received my Chromebook 4 days ago after a two week wait. That isn't a bad wait for one of the top two or three selling computer items on Amazon, and it's worth the wait. I bought it sight unseen, and I couldn't be any happier with my choice.The Chromebook is essentially a non-touchscreen tablet with a keyboard. It is what netbooks wanted to be but weren't. It is roughly two inches wider, an inch deeper, and a quarter inch thicker than my first generation iPad and incredibly light with very similar styling. The keyboard feels &#34;right&#34; - the keys are properly sized and spaced and have a natural movement. There are a few differences that take some getting used to (no outdated caps lock key, for instance), but those are easily overcome. I especially like the placement of the volume and brightness controls. The touchpad is very nice - not large enough to get in the way, not too small, although it does not always register my fingers on the first touch. The screen is bright enough to be seen even with the sun at my back. The speakers are surprisingly decent and not too tinny with a touch of bass.The battery life is very impressive - I used the Chromebook for all of my surfing, email, and posting for a day without having to recharge. Whenever I stopped using the device I just closed the screen and it hibernated; when I raised the screen the machine awoke almost instantaneously. I also like that I can completely lower the brightness of the screen to black - nice if I'm listening to audio and don't need to see what's on the screen.The Chrome experience takes some getting used to. Pretty much everything is treated like a webpage in the browser; while there are plenty of items in the Chrome store, very few, if any, are actual applications that run on the machine itself. I'm still trying to learn how to make my Drive documents available offline, and Google Docs has some differences when compared to Office, but these are to be expected. There is a learning curve for some keyboard commands and touchpad gestures. I find myself minimizing the browser instead of the font size at times, and I'm searching for the home button when I reach the bottom of a webpage, but these are minor differences from my usual experience. I do miss the keyboard shortcut for switching tabs; perhaps I'm missing something.My only complaint so far is that I wish the screen would fold 180 degrees. When lounging on the couch with the device in my lap I'm tempted to push the screen too far back. It isn't a major complaint by any stretch.The Chromebook is a good device, but it is a great device for the money. It seems like the perfect device to pair with a pico projector for sales presentations or for allowing the kids to watch videos while traveling.
computer|First thing this thing is purpose built to do 1 thing, get you on the Internet. Expecting it to do anything else and your expecting to much. Yes it may play SOME video file types and audio but it is hardly built for that and a normal machine with VLC or some other video player will do the job vastly better. Your limited to using online services to do anything, but have offline Google Docs/Scratchpad and a couple other things. There is the 2 years worth of 100gb online storage, which is good for backing up files online so you can quickly access them on the go since your 16gb HD will get filled quickly if you try to use it. I personally just use the 100gb free storage for backing up files off site.If your buying this with the expectation of using the 100gb of online storage as if it was a hard drive, don't. It's best used as a backup of your data and to quickly upload your newly made files in Google Docs and such so you can access it anywhere with an Internet connection. As trying to rely on an Internet connection to get the data isn't a good way to go about it, and sometimes it has taken a few minutes for things to show up in the Google Drive folder on the laptop itself. Which trust me put me into a bit of a panic after I wrote a 4 page essay and it wasn't appearing when I needed to submit it in a few hours. After 10min or so it finally appeared. This is one of the small bugs or shortcomings I found with the OS, there were 1-2 other bugs I found after I thoroughly put it through it paces in the last few weeks. May sound like a lot, but honestly I find more on my primary Win 7 desktop machine in the same time frame, the difference is that I have other options in terms of programs on the Windows machine so I can ignore it. Where as with this I have to work with it.What everyone says is true the boot time is incredibly fast. Never felt the need to time it myself. It will get your online so you can check emails/facebook/etc. With me I personally bought it for school, which means I will end up using Google docs for notes and writing assignment (than putting it into a real word processor before submitting, so I can use spelling/grammar check). As well and researching assignments all of which this thing will do quite well.What this laptop is though is the exact definition of K.I.S.S (Keep It Short and Simple). It is a stripped down OS with cheap quality hardware which was selected to give the best user experience, not benchmark experience. The arm A15 1.7ghz dual core is more than capable of handling all tasks this was designed for (Internet) and the SSD provides a quick boot experience, quality keyboard/touchpad and overall build quality. The only grip here is with the screen with bad viewing angels, and how the light sensor keeps adjusting the screen too much based on the light condition.The OS itself is one of the things I like the most. It is highly sandboxed with how the OS was designed, with updates pushed silently in the background. And all the user data is encrypted with 128bit encryption, and quite a bit of other encryption found in various other places in the OS using the TPM. Something I won't go into as it's a good read if you look into it, and some of it goes over my head so I'd rather not spread false information. For me the encryption part is quite important as it is a laptop and will be used on the go and having it lost/stolen will just mean I lose the device itself and not half to worry about personal information being compromised. Assuming it is powered down, or signed off not just a locked screen (and you used a good strong password). The OS also has a "Self Healing" which I hear some people refer to it as, when the computer turns on it checks against a known good version of itself to check for tampering and if there is any tampering it will use that instead of the tampered version.The biggest strength this laptop has is also it's weakness. It is built with simplicity in mind. It carries the mentality of "If it works it works, if it doesn't it doesn't" there are pretty much no workarounds to that (K.I.S.S as I referred to it earlier). Where as with a Window or "real" Linux based machine there is almost always a workaround you can do to get the job done. Where as with this if something doesn't work your out of luck, your not given the ability to install any actual programs or any real control in the computer settings. The amount of control in the computer settings is what you find in the Chrome Browser and a few other small settings which I wouldn't mind someone computer illiterate play with (AKA no real ability to change anything). But you do have the option to change the "search key" back to "caps lock" if you choose to do so. Though personally I found more use for the search key as it brings up the minimized taskbar and will search the Internet and various other things for you.In short this laptop is made to be used on the Internet, nothing more nothing less. If you want a laptop to do basic web browsing on the cheap this is for you. If you want something to write up paper and do web browsing, you can do that to. But I highly recommend loading up what you write into a real word processor so you can take advantage of spelling/grammar check and all the other features Google Docs doesn't provide or provide a good enough version of as I find it quite basic. In terms of buying this for school, I find it would be quite good for that so far from playing with it for the last several weeks though I haven't had a chance to try it out in class myself yet. As I already put several notes into Google docs so far, and have had great battery life with this. You can easily make it through any class without charging.And to answer your question you may be asking yourself. Yes it's a great little laptop and worth buying IF you can manage to work within it's limitations. If you want to know if you can, install chrome on your computer and try to use nothing but that and Google docs, Google drive, and other Google web based programs for a day or two. The rest of the OS is quite simple to learn, it took me less than 10min to figure out almost everything I could do with it due to having experience with Chrome Browser. It also has chrome remote access so you can remote access your Windows based machine to do quick amount of real work while on the go, but it isn't something I rely on if you can.
computer|Agree with the overwhelmingly positive reviews. Size, portability, keyboard, cost, browsing and bootup speed were musts for me, and it completely lives up to my expectations. I LOVE how it turns on in two seconds, has no fan, doesn't get hot, and doesn't cost so much that I would lose a lot of sleep if something happened to it. And if it did, and I got a new one (which I would), it would be exactly the same as my past Chromebook upon the first login bc of Cloud Storage and syncing. Amazing. I think the build quality is plenty sturdy, the screen is plenty resolute, and I have never had any trouble getting wifi where available.I've grown to love the dedicated search button instead of Ctrl T for a new tab, and have gotten sick nasty at using the back, forward keyboard buttons for browsing. Touchpad is good, clicking easy, scrolling is good, two-finger right click is responsive 100%.One sentiment I haven't seen mentioned often is how it forces to you explore some of Chrome's capabilities through extensions and apps, an eye-opening experience for someone who had been using Chrome as primary browser for years. This experience has been a pleasure, and I am continually impressed with capability of "just a browser". Cloud storage in Google Drive is fast and easy. Set it as an extension button at the upper right of the screen, and voila, anything saved anytime, to any of your devices with internet connection. Silverbird for Twitter, Evernote, and Any.do are also terrific extensions. And if you're not using Google News yet, get on board.The apps are surprisingly useful as well. On PC, I've used extensively GIMP and Photoshop for image manipulation and photo editing, and used REAPER and Audacity a lot for music recording and editing. Sumo Paint does everything (layers, masks, lassos, plenty of effects) that I used in GIMP. For music production, I'm between Audiosauna and Audiotool, which both seem to have all the capability I had in REAPER and Audacity. Easy to hook up mic, preamp through USB, and start recording. A BIG thing I've noticed with both of those is how surprisingly peppy they are, which I assume is due to the heavy lifting being done on a more powerful machine somewhere outside of my Chromebook. Regardless, that's quite all right with me. Oh yeah, and they're free too.I use Google Remote Desktop for the rare occasions I need something on my PC which I keep on at home. Works like a champ. At first I went through Excel remotely for pivot tables and more of the heavy lifting operations, but now I've realized it really is just as easy to do in Google Docs, and have all but abandoned the remote desktop, except in cases I need a picture or something from my PC hard drive that hasn't been uploaded to Cloud.The only two downsides for me (disclaimer: I don't do heavy gaming on my computer, or anywhere else...). 1) It's an impractical device if you don't have an internet connection. But there is literally no place I ever want to browse for any length of time, or do work, that doesn't have wifi. So for me this isn't a downside, which leaves only one real downside for my using experience...no Delete button. I'm getting over it, but I still miss it sometimes...Pluses far outweigh minuses. Great machine for anyone.Oh and for all the peeps wondering about delivery time since out of stock online. It's currently taking about 15 days from order placement to doorstep.
computer|The most important thing to consider before buying is what you want to use it for. I wanted it to watch tv on and it does that very well. Has hdmi out and my wireless keyboard works with it.As far as setting it up the options are very limited. For instance I have to have the lid up or the laptop shuts off. There is no way to disable it. Also there is no video adjustment. Hopefully this all will change with updates.
computer|A significant fraction of the time I spend on line is with either email or using the internet. This works perfectly for such needs. I have a number of word documents in dropbox. They are accessible. The device is lightweight and I find the display quite sharp. I wouldn't mind if the screen were larger but as it is this chromebook, for my needs, is vastly preferable to a 7&#34; or 10&#34; tablet.
computer|With such a variety in computers these days it is difficult to decide on which product to go with. I have the seen the likes of pcs and macs come and go, but Samsung is now featuring a new kind of device: the Samsung Chromebook. The Chomebook is meant to make your average internet routines, such as sending emails and updating your facebook page, a mucheasier task. So the Chromebook is a internet friendly device. The Chromebooks reminds of the WolVol PINK Mini Computer Laptop Notebook 7 inch PC WIFI internet Android 2.2 Built-in Camera 4gb HD 256mb Ram (INCLUDES: Velvet Pouch Case, Charger, Mini Optical Mouse) ,which is also very internet friendly. Much like the fortress, the Chromebook indeed has a quality of web browsing which is great when I want to dosomething simple on my computer. The difference between these devices, aside from price, is that the Chromebook has more features to it as it feels like you have your very state of the art computer(though that is not to say the Fortress is not handy tool). There is indeed room for this device to grow, but I do like what I have seen as the Chromebook is a handy tool for anything dealing with web browsing
computer|This is an fine system for a person who usually has WiFi available and whose main needs are satisfied by an Internet browser. The good news is that there is really no user maintenance for the operating system. No file backups, anti-virus worries, software patches etc. As a small laptop, you have a well constructed unit, with a bright and sharp screen, low weight, 6 hrs of battery, etc.The bad news (for some) is that you're completely tied to Google's infrastructure, using Google Drive for cloud storage, dependent on their app store for any applications. You need a good Internet connection (maybe 3 Mbs) for reasonable performance with files. There is a pretty good set of office software in Google Apps, but not as full featured as MS Office or LibreOffice/OpenOffice. Another negative is that you can't easily tie it into your existing home network. There is a procedure that allows you to print, but you have to run special server software on a friendly PC unless you have one of the latest e-print capable printers.
computer|We bought the Samsung Chromebook for my son for Christmas. This is a great little computer - quiet, easy to use, perfect for a student. However, the arrow key fell off immediately. Luckily, Amazon has a great exchange policy; we're now waiting for a replacement to arrive. We're not going to let the key deter us from getting another one. Probably just a fluke when assembling.
computer|The perfect laptop, thin, light and powerful. You'll need an external hard drive or the cloud for storage. Boots in seconds.
computer|I really, really wanted to like this product. It just wasn't possible. If I closed it, when I would open it the screen would not light and I would have to do a hard reboot. I learned to hold the power 2 seconds to log out then again 2 seconds to put to sleep. Then when I would open it would be like the first time using it. Redo setting up wireless, setting time zone, google creds, etc. Also had occasional problems with wireless router security settings. User interface only shows support for two kinds of security. I finally gave up and returned it.
computer|So one has to wonder, this laptop is pure genius but also strange.I am used to the top of the line Mac Book Pro / Air computers. So when you start using something like this quality shows. But this laptop is 250 dollars. So you basically have to put your expectations in a laptop that costs 750 to 1750 dollars cheaper then what you are used to spending.Pros:Laptop does what you would expect, Chrome Web browser, and the laptop as a whole is driven by the Google products you use.Plays Flash Video, like youtubePlays video streaming services like Hulu, NetflixHas SD card slotHas pretty impressive battery life 5 hours of youtube videos.Supports two finger scrollingCons:While chrome OS works great to operate the computer and give you the Chrome browser. You find yourself missing the ability to play other web browser based games. Like my son's jumpstart.comCheap constructions shows with weird behavior like being able to click the track pad from the bottom front of the laptop.I did notice it struggle to play youtube videos with multiple open tabs, something to do with limited ram, closing out some tabs that had other flash applications helped.Overall I think this is great for anyone who either A doesnt know a lot about computers since it saves you from microsoft updates, antivirus etc. Also in comparison to tablets, it provides the desktop chrome browser experience with a real keyboard.So a good test if you could use this laptop as your main machine, go into a current computer, install chrome browser, and live in it for a week.
computer|I bought this for $250 from Best Buy just in case if i wanted to return it, it would be easier than trying to return it off Amazon. For the price it is a very minimalist computer with no moving parts and it boots up faster than any Windows 8 computer for under $700 i would guess. When traveling it is perfect to just browse the web off the airport's Wi-Fi and just around the house. I currently own a fast gaming PC and i don't have an iPad or any other way to browse the web elsewhere other than my computer desk. The battery life lasts easily through a day and when i lightly use it i only need to charge it every third day. The only con is that the webcam isnt good at all (i dont use it anyways, but for $250 you get what you pay for) and the plastic body gets scratched really easy. If you have a case for when it is not being used you shouldn't run into the issue i ran into.Personally, i cannot stand super slow web browsing, but the Chromebook is speedy even when i have around 5 tabs open. Also the ability to use gestures so you do not need to use the scroll bar on the side or the left/right clicks is awesome. I really only use half of the trackpad because it is so large to begin with. The keyboard is a wonder to type on, i typed this review on it!Overall, i am happy that i bought it and i would recommend it to someone who only uses their computer for web browsing and hates having anti-viruses (it is impossible for the Chromebook to get a virus) and having their PC slow down over time..
computer|I've always been an early adopter, so my judgement would be biased on such a novel concept, like Chrome OS. My wife on the other hand is fairly tech savvy, but less likely to tolerate the pains of being an early adopter. So when I bought this Chromebook for her a couple of months ago, I was taking a chance she wouldn't like it. Turns out she loves it. She never liked using any of our tablets, but the addition of the mouse and keyboard make this the perfect device for her. The battery life is great, the screen is good enough and the build quality is exceptional for $250. On top of that, my mom saw my wife using it and she wanted one. Aside from some issues setting up the wifi, it's been smooth sailing for her as well.
computer|I was not super impressed with the Samsung Chromebook right out the box and at first glance it looked cheap, but as soon asI opened it up that all changed the keyboard looks solid like a macbook and once you fire it up, its instantly on, Chrome is a solid OS it works and having everything in the cloud makes it easy too use with no chance of viruses. I noticed after getting this i rarely use my Ipad any more. This laptop gives me a better feel of the internet and is portable enough to take anywhere. Highly recommend it and it is my favorite gadget as of 3/21/13.
computer|This laptop is fast! I mean you open this thing up and poof it is on.It grabs WIFI fast,and has dual wifi capabilities which comes in handy when your home network is overburdened. The screen has a nice resolution. Now this is cheap because it is basically an internet surfer. It is sleek and light but not much hard drive. You will need to save your files to an external memory stick or use Google cloud. I do everything on mine, including print. Where can you get a laptop that does all this for 250 bucks?
computer|I have a Samsung Chromebook (Wi-Fi, 11.6-Inch) Model XE303C12-A01US and after two months of use the device will not charge. I bought it in January and it broke by the beginning of March The computer itself is very nice and I love the concept of the Chromebook but the quality of the manufacturing is questionable. I have had many laptops and never had one where such a basic connector could break in such a short time. The lights to indicate charging status will not even go on. It's now a paperweight. Let's see what Samsung warranty will do.
computer|I did a lot of research before purchasing my chrome book. I am a teacher, so I use this mostly at work. I am satisfied with it! Just wish there was a cover for it! All in all.....you get what you pay for.
computer|This system has a few draw backs.- System seems to stall at times- System Restarts the Explorer at times- System Locks up at timesBut Good.- No virus/firewall/defraging needed- Light and portable with decent battery life- Now Supports NETFLIX!
computer|I've had my Chromebook for about a week now. Over the last year or so I've become a heavy user of Google Docs, which is now part of Google Drive. I finally got around to picking this up thanks to the decent reviews and low price as an experimental toy for writing. I'm a believer now. What the Samsung Chromebook does, it does well.Pros:Very good chiclet style keyboard.Great battery life - I got a little over six and a half hours on wifi with the screen at nearly full brightness. That was just writing with a little web surfing. I don't know how much impact streaming video will have yet.Quiet and cool.Thin and light but it still feels fairly solid. I wouldn't want to drop it, but it feels more substantial than my two year old netbook.I like the idea that I can lend this to a visiting friend and they could sign in using their own Google account or anonymously if they don't have one and my stuff would be walled off from them. I haven't tried this out yet, but I like the idea of it.Low maintenance. Some piece of software or the OS on my windows PC is constantly nagging me for an update. Chrome updates automatically, silently, and in the background unless you decide to change that behavior manually.Cons:This isn't a general purpose machine. I still need a "real PC" for some software I use regularly. (Photoshop, a few Java programs, and to view video files.)Limited file type support for video media. You can save video to the machine for viewing but file format support is beyond primitive. If you have a large collection of media there's probably very little in there that will work without conversion on another machine. You can upload it to Google Drive and see if you can then view it through that interface, but that's unintuitive and a pretty inelegant solution.Neutral:The trackpad is responsive, but I miss having trackpad buttons. It was simple enough to learn how to use it though.I knew these limitations before I purchased this machine, and they don't bother me. I bought this Chromebook purely for a little web surfing and a writing machine. For these purposes, it works exactly as advertised.
computer|Had to get my son a new laptop but needed to keep cost down and he only uses it for school, surfing the web, email and Netflix.It's a solid little rig that boots fast, long battery life (compared to his previous Toshiba) and light enough to take to school.For a simple, inexpensive laptop that does the basics...this is a good buy so far and we are a few months in.
computer|I could not be more happy with this product. It is absolutely fabulous. I have been using it every day for over week now. It really can do just about anything my laptop could do, as well as my desktop. A desktop is required for storage, burning DVD's and the like as there is no optical drive on the Chromebook. The hard drive is also very small, by today's standards.However, with the available Chrome extensions; tasks such as documents, spread sheets, reading books and basic computer games are all a breeze. Not to mention of course, the internet and email.Battery life is amazing. Upon getting it, I charged it, once it was fully charged, it lasted 2-1/2 days of off and on use for hours at a time - battery was down to 34%. Charging it is also quite fast. At that point, it took 1-1/2 hours to fully charge *while* using it!Set up? There is none. Turn it on, if you are good to go. If you are already a Chrome user, everything is right there for you. There are some minor adjustments/tweaking you can make such as desktop background, font size and scrolling method. It really could not be more simple.The screen size, 11.7&#34; is quite adequate, the touch pad is HUGE and very easy to navigate even for me who has always had a problem using touch pads. Not with this. It takes a few times to learn the finger(s) gestures for right click type commands, but from then on, it's a breeze. I did try using a USB mouse and it worked, but it was a bit sluggish. But again, it is quite easy to navigate using the touchpad and I really have not needed to use a mouse.At 2.4 pounds and less than 1/2&#34; thick, I am looking forward to putting this in my backpack on my next vacation as opposed to the Netbook or laptop! I had read some reviews that the case scratches easily? So far, I've not found that to be true. But then, I am not a child and do use care when using my electronics. I bought the Case Logic LAPS-111 sleeve and it fits snugly and was a good investment since it doesn't add much to the size of the Chromebook, yet offers more than enough protection.Two days after getting this, I sold my laptop and Netbook - there was no need for either. I love that as soon as you open the lid,it is instant on. I really cannot say enough good things about this product. If you're on the fence about buying one of these? JUMP, you won't regret it.
computer|We were really excited about this Chromebook. It's truly a beautiful machine. Very light. Very well designed generally and looks and feels much like a clone of a MacBook Air. Excellent keyboard. The Chrome operating system is what it is: a good idea for some people and maybe not really that terrific for others.Apparently, these little machines are flying off the shelves because we had to wait for ours for a while, even with a Prime purchase.Anyway, we were disappointed. We wanted so badly for it to work, it was quite the downer that it seems not quite ready for primetime. Or, to put it somewhat differently, it has a problem which a $250 consumer item shouldn't have: connectivity is very problematic.The short version of this is that a machine that requires that it be online for any significant functioning had better not have any issues about getting online. Ours did, and bad issues at that. In retrospect, we realize we disregarded warnings about connectivity, which appear quite frequently in reviews of this machine online. Of course, one never knows with such things what the level of expertise of the reviewer might be and all the time you see reviews essentially announcing that the reviewer is a complete novice and maybe should be asking his teenage son how to do things instead of complaining about the item being reviewed.Our home is served by an recent Airport Extreme wireless router. There are many items connected and none have ever had a problem. Indeed, my students will frequently visit our house with their many varied laptops and none of them has ever had a problem connecting to the system. But this Chromebook refused completely. By the way, it had no trouble at all with connecting to our neighbors unprotected network through walls and down the street so if it's a hardware issue it certainly isn't a simple one of an obviously defective part.My wife works in IT tech support so she toyed with the idea of taking our network apart to find what sort of gremlin might be locking out this one machine out of all the dozens that have connected flawlessly. Of course it was my spousal responsibility to be sure that she would be able to do that successfully, but that left me wondering about whether I could just take her along wherever I took the machine, to fix up similar mysterious refusals to connect.I don't want to seem cranky about this, since we both really liked the machine and even though we packed it up and sent it back to Amazon, our plan is to lurk, giving Samsung and Chrome a bit more time to bring their product up to speed. Then we'll try again. But, for right now our verdict is that a machine aimed at the low end consumer market shouldn't have even the slightest issue of the sort we encountered.Oh, we aren't claiming that our experience is typical. We didn't push deeply into our configuration. We certainly didn't remap our entire network or pull items off one by one etc etc. The point, again, is that no one should have to do that for an always online consumer laptop.
computer|My wife loves email and net surfing but hated the antivirus hassles inherent in Microsoft and the manual updates in Mac OS. This Chromebook has eliminated those hassles and is now her primary PC. It is even lighter than my MacBook Air.Being unable to Skype her brother is one limitation, but we use another old laptop for that. He could also switch to Google Voice.Her biggest frustration was the non-backlit keyboard. Adding a USB LED light solved that issue.As long as you can accept the limitations of a Google-centric OS, this CB provides a lot of bang for the buck.
computer|Its solid state drive makes the boot speeds super fast. I am able to get around six hours of battery life on average. This laptop is amazing.
computer|I just wanted a notebook so I could sit on the couch and look at the social media sites or shop or read the news. And this is perfect for that.
computer|So far am loving it...using this strictly as a backup...lightweight, portable, fast, gets me on the internet right away...and can check all I need to very easily..plus listen to music..just wish it would have a dvd player..but its a back up computer and I can always get an external one...Chrome is terrific
computer|It works for me , does all I need , e mail , net , all good . So far so good . small , light , easy to use and fast .
computer|I purchased this chromebook, it will not connect to verizon wireless like I paid the extrs $80 for two years service. Also I can not connect to my online brokerage account with it, I keep getting the runaround when talking to verizon on who is responsible for the problem.
computer|Great Gentoo based Linux stack with all the wrinkles ironed out. Nice capable ARM hardware, ripe for hacking and using to power any kind of 1080p screen. This is a very nice little development board, and it is very easy to get this into developer mode.My only gripe is that you need a customer charger, rather than being able to charge via USB like all other devices in this power category; notably the Nexus 10 which uses the exact same chipset.(EDIT: scratch that, USB charging is meant to be possible, although you charge to a full size USB3 port rather than a microusb port. I need to purchase a USB to USB plug to establish this)
computer|Its very light and quiet and a terrific value. I'm delighted how quickly browsing can begin from opening the lid. This is being used to replace my aging windows laptop and its certainly an overall positive initial impression.
computer|I will keep this short: I simply love this little gadget. This is our 3rd Chromebook over the years, and easily the best one. Looks similar to a Macbook Pro.Very very fast.The perfect computer for people who don't like computers....they just keep on trucking, no problems, or constant updates.
computer|My Chromebook 3 was delivered on November 26. I've had no issues whatsoever . . . this is one beautiful and functional device. Having read the reviews and specifications before I bought, I was aware of the limitations, but I've found it does 95 percent of what I need in a fast and user-friendly way. If I should occasionally need to do something that requires heavy-duty processing power, then I'll simply borrow my wife's MacBook Pro.BTW, the opened machine has been knocked on the floor twice by a passing dog with no damage to exterior or functionality. Pleasant surprise! :)I smile when I hear reviews that call this just a child's machine. Nonsense, this is a cost-effective way of researching . . . listening, gathering information, and sharing with the world. It is capable of doing the work that most of us have to do. It is perhaps not for everyone, but definitely for many.
computer|Great! Easy to set up and use. Perfect for my constant online shopping and pining. So light and easy to handle. Great battery life. Love that it stays cool even after hours of use.
computer|An awesome notebook to carry around in your backpack, great for college students. You have to read the instructions though, because it's different from other notebooks, have to get apps for it. Not like a windows computer.
computer|I couldn't wait to tear the box open this am, like a kid at christmas. I looked it over and oh-o, the right hinge was misaligned. I have had hinge problems with lap tops before and won't tolerate that again. I did the chat thing with Samsung and they asked for pictures which I sent and half an hour later "Phillip" told me he "checked that the hinge is slightly displaced". He then advised me to file a service request but first I had to register my Chromebook with Samsung. Now I'm having trouble filing a service request. The serial number field (required) won't accept keyboard input. This S$$it Plsses me off!Overall build quality though is fine from my point of view.. The keyboard is OK, spacing between the keys is even a little too far. The track pad I haven't quite gotten used to yet but I think it'll be OK. The flex, cheapness, plasticy comments I heard about I don't agree with, but Im not keen on twisting or flexing a computer.Otherwise, I think this little job here is fantastic. The google side of it seems to work well. I am a long time Chrome user and my chromebook desktop is now identical to the one on my laptop. All I had to do was log in to my gmail account and presto. The 100g google drive offer is currently unavailable for some reason but I'll get to that later.I haven't figured out where the delete key is yet.The SD card does stick out a bit but no big deal.I've been working on it on battery power for 45 minutes or so after a full charge and I have 91% left.The business end of the charger is a bit of a throwback, why couldn't they have used micro USB?So far, for the first couple hours, that's it
computer|For four days the Chromebook was everything I wanted. I took it out everyday. Never had a problem getting connected. Had no trouble using Microsofts's web based Word. I told myself I'd save better than $700 by not buying a Macbook Air. Then Friday at my favorite coffee shop, the screen dimmed. I noticed that the battery was close to 10%. I took it home to charge it completely. The next day I still had a too dark screen. My Chromebook is now on its way to Texas. I'm hoping I'll have better success when it returns. If so, I'll give it 5 stars. If not, I'll reduce it to 1 star and buy that Macbook.Update: After owning the Chromebook for less than six months, it has stopped working again. Samsung's over-the-phone support thinks it has been corrupted when I was on MacDonald's wireless network a couple days ago. And for $99 they will fix it, without me having to ship it back. But this is the second major problem in less than six months. I can't see spending $100 on a computer than cost $250 to start with. The Macbook Air is looking better and better.
computer|Love this laptop so far except for a few issues below. Granted, it only runs Google Chrome, but these days almost everything I use goes through Google Chrome.Pros: - Price - Good keyboard - Fast on / off from sleep - No bloatware, viruses, updates, etc. (think Windows) - Just worksCons: - Needs parental controls (see below)!! - Too slow to handle Vimeo HD videos - Case is plastic (ok for price) - Screen could be a bit bigger (fill out the bezel) - Features come and go ... like it's in betaPARENTAL CONTROLSAs mentioned above, they need better parental controls so I can let my kids use the device for basic word processing, dictionary and calculator (and perhaps look up stuff on Wikipedia). I'd love to be able to disable access to Settings and certain apps for my kids, plus restrict Internet access to Drive and Wikipedia for example.SECURITY ISSUEAlso, there is a big security issue on Chrome (not just Chromebooks). If you go under Password management in settings, you can click on any of the saved passwords and simply see them without having to re-enter your password. That means any of your kids or people who might be using your machine will be able to see your saved password. That's CRAZY!! At minimum they should ask for you password again.FEATURES DISAPPEARINGThe Chrome OS doesn't seem to be very stable. Features such as going back to the previous page using a three finger swipe to the left disappeared in the latest update (which was a very handy feature). Worries me that such core functionality just comes and goes.TIPSCaps Lock - Press the Alt+Search key to enable CAPS LOCK... more tips here: [...]
computer|I bought the Chromebook for my son for Christmas. At first, we were thrilled with the product. It's compatible with all of the Google apps that he uses for school, and it's lightweight and portable. Less than two months after our purchase, however, a black smear started to appear on the screen, and it rapidly spread so that it was all but impossible to view the computer. We took the computer to a local Samsung repair shop (we bought the full warranty), and they refused to fix it and said we'd have to purchase a new one.Now, I see that this is a common problem, but because the product was brand new at Christmas, I had no way of knowing this. Buyer beware! Does the price seem too good to be true? You are right. You are better off spending more money and getting a laptop from a respectable company who upholds their warranty claims.
computer|I was on the phone with Clear (Clearwire) wimax support today and they confirmed that if you their Atlas USB dongle is compatible with Samsung Chromebooks.This effectively means you can use them in any major Metropolitan region even no where near Wifi.I don't know about you -- but I like to sometimes work outdoors, and even at Starbucks the wifi is barely there!
computer|For the price, you can't beat this laptop. Web browsing and creating documents is about all it can do, but that's all I need it to do. If you can say the same thing then get this chrome book.
computer|At first I had some problems with the wifi signal, that it kept disconeting, after 1 minute, all the time. It was annoying but I figure it out and solved the problem by going into developers mode and then turning back (erases everything) into normal mode. After that the computer was great. Fast, responsive and when you get used to it, it can be a full fledge computer. I think this time Google and Samsung nailed it. Great product.
computer|Of course, you're not getting a top-of-the-line laptop here... it's top-of-the-line almost-laptop, though! I really like it. I mostly use Chrome anyway on my HP laptop, so I figured this would be a nice way to add one more &#34;laptop&#34; to our home for those times when my kids need one for homework. We were taking shifts for the HP and it was getting to be a pain. VERY happy I went with the Samsung instead of the Acer because the keyboard is great. Much better than the Acer. I have noticed my mousepad hanging up on me a couple times, but I kind of give the Chromebook a bit of a &#34;bending&#34; and that fixed it. This thing is super lightweight and almost flexes. It's smaller than one of those 5-subject notebooks my kids have to carry for school. I think it would be wonderful for every kid in school to have one and cut back on some of the weight they carry in their backpacks every day. I've read that more schools are making the switch to such devices, as textbooks are quite expensive AND heavy.I've also thought how PERFECT this would be for my Granny who would like to stay connected, but laptops and desktops tend to &#34;crash&#34; on her. Not sure why exactly, but this Chromebook tends to have fewer update reboots or failures than I've experienced with other devices. No loud harddrive... I like that! It doesn't get hot. It's comfy on my lap. It boots in SECONDS! That part is impressive!I might event get the boys their own Chromebooks!
computer|I love tablets for consuming the internet, but when I need/want to be able to write, interact and research, I like the functionality of a laptop. If you live in the browser for most of your computing, this machine will change your life. Use your main computer for heavy lifting programs, your tablet for casual browsing and this computer for everything else.
computer|This notebook is perfect size for carrying in your purse if you can a large bag and is not heavy.Just received so will have to spend some quality time to see how effective it can be.I have access to docs which is a pretty good replacement for Office Word.But this review is not about that it is about the samsung chromebook.
computer|My friend told me that he was very happy with the performance of this Chromebook, so I got one and its great so far.
computer|I was quite skeptical of this notebook but boy has it exceeded my expectations. I'm doing most of my web development and my day to day tasks on this little gem. I was a 15 inch Macbook pro owner before. So these points are in comparison to the pro.Highlights:1. Crosh - Terminal and hence vim access to any linux/unix box. This is all I need to do my web/c++ development. Plus it's easier to mulittask as Crosh is another tab in the browser3. Google docs - been a user of google docs for a long time and absolutely love it. Collaborative editing couldn't have gotten better.4. Keyboard is very very easy to use. The keys are well spaced.5. Trackpad is also very usable. Smooth scrolling is almost on par with the Mac family of computers.6. Screen - It's not a reflective screen like that of the macbook air/pro. I personally like this. The colors don't stand out so vividly, but for text based tasks this is a non issue.7. Weight - Extremely light and portable. I, at first did not believe the weight :).8. Battery life - 6.5 hours without videos. If i were to watch a movie, this would probably come down to 4-5 hours.For my use case - web/c++ development on the cloud, this is a really nice laptop. I can just hook it up to a bigger monitor if I need more screen real estate.
computer|I've had several desktop (actually floor top because they've all been towers I put on the floor) PCs over the last couple decades and never needed a portable unit til now. So I read through the most useful customer reviews here and watched several youtube videos from knowledgeable sources. I then went to Best Buy to try it out but was very disappointed when I found out from an employee that they didn't have any demo model. I decided I had enough information to make the buy without having any way to try it out first.I received my unit last week from newegg since I have a free ShopRunner account and it has been everything I had expected from all the sources I had. The next day I was reading through Yahoo News and they had a link to a LiveScience article titled "The 10 Best Bargains in Tech Today" and the Samsung Chromebook Series 3 was the first item listed. I felt like all the homework I had done paid off.
computer|I use Dropbox heavily, which means the chromebook ecosystem doesn't fit my workflow very well. I knew this going in, but still disappointed by that, because this awesome hardware, effortless OS, nice keyboard, and tons of other SaaS extensions means that a Chromebook + Dropbox = a primary computer. If you use Google drive as your primary cloud-synced repository instead, it'll feel exactly like the desktop experience to you, which is good enough for most things. Also, try out the chrome extensions you think you might use before you buy one, but my guess is that you'll fall in love with this thing and be willing to make a few application/workflow changes to work with what is available out there.
computer|I recently ordered a Samsung Chromebook from Amazon and so far I love it! It does not carry our well-known popular apps like Skype or iTunes, but the speed of the start up and all the features for work and school are handy and wonderful! Sometimes a little frustrating but works very well for students that are evolving into more 'technologized'homeowork.
computer|I chose to rate this product as 5 stars because how it fits perfectly into my lifestyle. I don't keep documents on my hard drive and most of my time spent on the computer is spent online. The Chromebook is all internet based where everything is run by the browser. I can't remember the last time I even used a software program.Pros:- Lightweight with an Apple Macbook-like design- Crisp webcam- Fast start and shut down sequence- Online tasks are all integrated with the Google platform.- The spacing of the keys make it easy to type on a small keyboard.- Click and keypad gestures are just like a Macbook - makes for easy browsing.Cons:- Doesn't seem as sturdy at some more expensive products on the market.- The screen resolution isn't top-notch bright compared to competitors.- Battery life is about 5.5 hours for me (it's normal, but always room for improvements)- Speakers are excellent, but sometimes seems a little muffled (however it doesn't affect the quality of sound).I would recommend the Google Chromebook for people who usually get online to shop, surf, email and social networking. For people who are developers or who use software programs, this isn't the computer for you.I have used this product for checking and writing email, writing for my blog, shopping, surfing the websites, and updating social media. For updating websites and producing music, I obviously will use a desktop computer running Windows or Apple. I like the fact that you don't have to worry about installing security updates and having to restart the computer. Everything is done for you in the background without you even knowing about it. I'm not kidding about quick start up, it literally is 5 seconds or less for me.This computer does not have a CD bay, so if you are looking to burn CD's, a different computer should be available. It has USB ports and micro card readers for additional storage space since the computer hard disk is not capable of holding large amounts of data. However, if you are a Google user, you can utilize the free online storage to save files and access them from anywhere.The biggest question I get from my friends is how do you install a word or spreadsheet program. Easy, Google products have them available online for free. You can save the documents as a .doc or .exe file when needed.Overall, if you want an every day computer to complete the tasks above, this is a great buy for the money! If you are an avid Google products user, you will get the hang of it with a snap of the finger. If you are not a Google or GMail user, then it may take a few minutes to understand all the apps and online tools provided to you.I am happy with my purchase, and this product has already replaced my laptop computer.
computer|Well worth the $250 retail. Lightning fast, extremely light, and very durable. seamless syncing capability with my desktop and mobile phone.
computer|Obviously it's an inexpensive computer, but I wish they had allowed a nicer screen option -- it's very washed out, and there is no single angle you can look at it and see all the colors correctly.Other than the screen, it's a nice little device. Keyboard and touchpad are great!
computer|I'd read a glowing review about a tech writer's experience with the Acer Chromebook and decided I'd like to try one and since Samsung is making some great hardware these days I decided to get it instead.I was pretty disappointed with it and with the Chrome OS when it came. The good news is it's very light, the bad is that it feels somewhat cheap and plastic-y. I don't like the matte screen at all as things don't look sharp and clear, whether text or images. I tried hooking it up via HDMI to my 24" ASUS monitor and even there the image quality was poor. I'm used to Windows and the big monitor and crisp looking images and text and don't want to regress to the level the Chromebook is at.I also didn't like the trackpad. It had that annoying tendency of jumping the cursor just as you went to click the button part of the pad. You're better off using the tap to click as that avoids the jumping. BTW, it seems the trackpads on many of the new devices coming out are a bit flaky.I wasn't impressed with Chrome OS. It didn't seem snappy or fast or robust. Once again it felt like a big regression from using Windows 7 or 8 or Android 4.2. I kept wanting to touch the screen as I'm spoiled by touch enabled devices and thought how much I'd rather just spend a little more (well actually about double more) and get a Windows 8 touchscreen device. I also own a Nexus 7 and 4 and I'm very happy with Android so it's not just a Window's bias.The best thing I can say about the Samsung Chromebook is that it is light and portable.
computer|I was going to purchase this from Amazon but the price went up. So I went to Best Buy to get it for $250.I have a MacBook Pro but wanted a netbook for classes that was light and convenient for on the go. My iPad mini is too difficult for typing notes.I was able to use a MacBook Pro silicone keyboard protector for the Chromebook, but I had to trim the edges. They keys are very much like a Mac's, which is another reason I decided to go with this instead of a typical Acer netbook. Much easier for me on switching between laptops.I ignored any of the poor reviews about the video playback because I didn't need that. The screen is odd to me. The closest thing I can think of to describe it is that it's like an LCD TV. Very matte but sharp in a way. Check it out at Best Buy to see if it bothers you or not. The Acer Chromebook has a glass-like screen which I would have preferred. But this had better specs: 6.5 hrs battery life + 2.4 lbs vs. 3 hrs + 3 lbs.I wasn't too familiar with Chrome OS, but I had the browser on my Macbook. It syncs up pretty well and all of my bookmarks/apps/history/cache transferred nicely (the browser is attached to the google account you use for the browser/GDrive). I'd recommend downloading and playing around with the Chrome Browser to see if you are okay using it. The OS seems to be completely based around the Chrome browser and its apps.The speakers are surprisingly strong and are under the laptop near the front feet. Gives it a surround-sound feeling.It's somewhat difficult for me to open compared to my MacBook. I'm still looking for a good cover to put on this, but I suppose I'll have to wait until the market share goes up.Overall, I absolutely love my new laptop and Google Drive is working great for my note-taking.Hope this helps!*UPDATE*I've been having problems with the machine not waking up from sleep. The power button is lit but the screen is asleep. I had to hold the power button until the machine turns off... and then turn it back on.Many others have this problem and the current go-arounds are switching to the beta channel (since Google is aware of the problem and apparently fixed it in the next update) or logging off before you close it (which I prefer... but looking forward to the update).My two cents:Keep in mind that this, much like other programs, is a work in progress and requires a certain amount of patience and perspective. Google isn't afraid to have people experimenting with the products to make them better. Contrary to other unhappy users, I don't feel as if Google/Samsung have cheated me in any way and I think the pros are outweighing the cons. I mean, why do people think there are always new versions of everything? Mac OSX 10.8.2, Windows 8, etc. There will always be bugs that will have to be worked out and Chrome is a young OS. If anything, I feel like we're helping the OS reach its potential.
computer|The Samsung Chromebook itself works well and is reasonably responsive for light to moderate internet use. But its instructions say you cannot print by plugging your printer into one of the two USB ports. If you have a printer with the Google Cloud Print feature, you are in good shape. I do not. I could make it print only by routing the print order through a Windows laptop, which then sent it to the printer. Quite cumbersome and a hassle to set up. All 3 devices are in a wireless network.Follow0up comment regarding Chrome Remote Desktop app: The Chromebook advises (as of 1/30/13) to "stay tuned" for an important feature of Remote Desktop -- the ability to access the Chromebook desktop from a remote PC or Mac. So you're out of luck for an unknown amount of time if you want to provide a little tech support to a friend or relative by taking control of their Samsung Chromebook remotely. This is a pain and a huge and unexpected disappointment. Also, TeamViewer, a free remote access program, doesn't run on the Chrome OS, so it's no help in this situation either.
computer|I bought this to replace a Dell mini 10 netbook that I hated with a passion. It has performed beyond my expectations in that regard nearly flawlessly. There have a been a few little hiccups as with any computer but nothing like I experienced with the PC and associated windows issues. I love the 8-9 second boot time and no anti virus BS!!! If you can live with &#34;in the cloud&#34; computing this is a winner by my standards. Of course I wouldn't mind an even better price than the $249 I paid. No regrets here!
computer|This is a great buy! I love everything about it. If you're looking for a thin, lightweight laptop without all the Windows junk and virus threats this is perfect!I took it out of the box and it fired right up! Which is a huge change from my old clunky laptop that would take 5 minutes to get up and going!I love the Google Hangout feature. It's awesome to be able to video chat with my friends and family across the country.If you're looking for a new/second computer this is perfect! I'm so glad I made the decision to get one!
computer|This is my new favorite computer. It's nearly as good as the Macbook Air (light, fast, simple, etc.), without the expensive Apple pricetag. The Samsung Chromebook is great for on the road, a second computer around the home, taking to meetings, and most executive/professional office functions (at least those that are based on the internet).
computer|The good:- Great matte screen!- Nice keyboard and touchpad- No fan: silent, runs cool- Light & sleek form factor- Long battery life- Wakes up quickly from sleepThe bad:- Google hasn't yet (Dec 2012) updated Chrome to work fully on ARM processors, so you can't watch Netflix on hereSeriously, if you understand what Chrome OS is and what you'd use it for, you're likely to love this computer as much as I do.If you're clueless about 'the cloud' (and computers in general) and do nothing but surf, you'll also love this computer.If you're in the middle somewhere and still use dinosaur apps like Word or Excel (instead of Google Docs) and like to print your emails, you should probably take a pass.
computer|Love it for what it is. A great tool for accessing internet easily and quickly. especially if you use google services
computer|I bought the Chromebook for two reasons - to see if I could truly do everything in a browser and check out the value for money this &#34;almost&#34; laptop would deliver. It has surpassed both expectations....I spent two weeks without another laptop and cannot fault the feel, build quality or battery performance for the price!Google have really hit the nail on the head by pioneering this type of operating mode - completely could based.....they have wrapped this up into something that is affordable and actually works extremely seamlessly. Cannot recommend this highly enough for the target audience, usage scenario and price :-)
computer|Got this for a ten year-old as her first computer, mostly to give her easy access to Google Docs, which her school uses for homework. It is lightweight, fast and has a very readable display. It charges pretty quickly and goes a reasonable amount of time on a charge. It is easy to share with separate Google accounts. Since we all use Google app anyway, it was instantly useful.The only objection I have is that printing is painful: only Google Cloud Print is supported and none of our printers currently can do that. I am assuming and hoping that firmware upgrades will allow at least one of our printers to support this soon.
computer|Almost instant access to web as big plus. With cloud storage, all my everyday computer uses are satisfied. Good price.
computer|Still learning more about it every day but so far I love the convenience and speed. It's everything I need to do my day to day jobs without the added junk of operating systems like Windows 7 or 8.
computer|This is outstanding! It is a piece of art and for the money it can't be beat! Go get it now!
computer|My new Chromebook will work great as my 2nd computer and has a permanent home sitting next to our couch. I hated trying to type and navigate using our tablets for basic web browsing. With the full size keyboard and oversized trackpad it will work great for everything I need on the web. Don't hesitate to buy your own!
computer|Works great for what it is designed for to explore the internet. It's great to open and on the internet in a few seconds. Works great with all Google products. Chrome Remote Desktop works great to access my home computer from anywhere through the internet. I can do my finances with Quicken when I'm on a business trip without using my work laptop thus keeping all my personal stuff on my own computer. Only issue is it doesn't play Netflix movies for some reason. Search the internet and this has been an on going problem for a while. Once the Netflix issue is fixed this is definitely a 5 star product.
computer|So I've been following the Chromebook since Google first announced its inception. I was waiting for Google to work out the kinks and for the price to drop. When I came across this version of the Chromebook I just had to snag it. I absolutely love this product. Here are some pros and cons after on month of use.ProsNo fan(Never gets hot in your lap)Starts up within 8 secondsThin like an ultrabookDesign is slick like an Apple productThe touch pad is amazing (like a Macbook touch pad)Updates upon restart(You don't have to do anything but restart)100 GB of online storage through Google Drive.ConsScreen is a bit glarishSpeakers could be a bit betterBottom scratches easilyI ran into one problem at school where I tried to show my professor a paper I wrote and I couldn't pull it up due to there being no internet. I thought that someone would be able to pull up their documents offline. I'm not sure what the deal with that was.
computer|Initially, I was skeptical about the performance of this computer, but decided to give it a try anyway. My initial worries about poor user experience turned out to be incorrect. I can do 95% of the tasks (like browsing, streaming videos, talking to my friends) that I used to do on my desktop computer without any issues. The only stuff that I still need my desktop computer for is image editing - the web apps on the Chromebook are not there yet.Pros: The Chromebook is light and has great battery performance. Even with no fans, this Chromebook is barely worm after hours of flash videos. It is also cheap!Cons: If you want a computer for fast speeds, look elsewhere. This Chromebook also has reasonably poor construction with plastic "creeps".
computer|I had high hopes for this Chromebook. I had used other versions before and was happy with them. However, this one is fine for light browsing only, but as soon as you have five or six tabs open, the Chromebook gets pretty slow. Also, sometimes it takes quite a while to connect to wifi.Given all the negatives, I still plan to bring this laptop on an upcoming trip because it is light and simple and will come in handy in the hotel's free wifi.Edit: While on my trip, I discovered an issue with the Chromebook. It uses a three prong plug. In the States this is no problem, but when I traveled to Thailand, I discovered I needed an adapter while I've never needed before because all computers and phones I've used only had two prong plugs.
computer|Great product all around! Be aware there is no Skype for it. It is basically a web based computer, however the software is phenomenal!
computer|This laptop is ok. What I really don't like is that certain websites are useless because the version of java is not supported by the Chrome OS. A couple of websites include pogo.com (Bogglebash) and [...] (cannot edit your character).Good for kids 1st laptop. Easy interface. Looks nice. Small & lightweight.
computer|I know that I am not the right type of user for ChromeOS. I want to be able to do programming and use SRWare Iron, Firefox, and Opera.Why did I buy the Samsung Chromebook XE303C12? For the dual-core ARM CPU and because of the price ($250), with the hope that it will soon become easy to install a good Linux distro onto the internal SSD (eMMC). It *can* be done now, but it's a tricky procedure.The XE303C12 is no X series Thinkpad (the best portable), but the keyboard, screen, ARM CPU and price make it far better than any netbook.NOTE: The keyboard has no Delete key. It's an Apple-style backspace key. To get the behaviour of the Delete key, type ALT+BACKSPACE.
computer|I hate laptops. I didn't want a laptop. I purchased this because I *needed* one while traveling in order to work. I still hate laptops, lol, but this was a great buy and highly functional for what it is. Never faulty, light-weight and easy to use. Would highly recommend. :)
computer|I purchased two of these for use in an 8th grade classroom. The kids prefer these to the other devices in the room (standard Windows desktops and laptops), and that's a good sign. They are using Khan Academy, and everything works fine.Pro: they are light, compact, and inexpensive. They boot quickly.Con: the configuration options, if you must use them, are not great. For example, I tried a new router in the classroom, and wasn't able to connect the Chromebooks to it. There just wasn't enough information (at least where I could find it) to tell what was wrong. I tried more than one set of security options on the router, with no improvement. Windows computers and Android phones were connecting easily. I went back to the original router.Battery life is a little confusing. As advertised, you can use one of these for a long time on one battery charge. On the other hand, it seems to discharge quickly in storage. I think it has something to do with how you shut it down, but it isn't obvious. It should probably default to a full shutdown when you close the lid, or have some way of detecting when it is discharging while doing nothing.It is also odd to have a device which is so internet (and Google) dependent. It wouldn't even let me try the thing out until I used a Google login. Hi, big brother!
computer|For web stuff the speed and ease of the chromebook is unmatched.If you need a computer to do more than just basic stuff, the chromebook is not for you.
computer|Pros:This baby laptop has some great features.It's super light.The battery life is crazy long.It surfs and sends email like a dream.I love the touchpad--so intuitive and responsive.It's generally great for anything online.It plays online videos very smoothly.Google chat video is great too.Cons:On the downside, offline uses aren't good at all.It can't print to a regular networked printer unless its some special printer with an eprint feature--a major drawback IMO.The music file system can't deal with music on your hard drive--it wants to upload everything to the cloud. If you have lots of music files that exceed 100G, then you'll have to pick and choose. The music service also can't manage wav files. Really, no wavs?It isn't compatible with MS Office, so no word, powerpoint, or excel. Of course, google has versions of all of these programs, but they're markedle inferior to the MS stuff. And let's face it, for work applications MS is the standard and the google apps are some weird freebie sub-standard.Bottom line:Buy this for surfing, but don't expect it to replace a full-fledged laptop.
computer|I've had my ChromeBook about a month and am very satisfied with it. I've also had a Samsung 7 Plus and Nexus 7 tablets, and also currently have a Windows 7 laptop, Windows 8 Desktop, an iPad 2 and a Kindle PaperWhite Reader. Since getting the ChromeBook and the Kindle readers I find that I use the iPad much less than I used to. The ChromeBook is used mostly for Email and web browsing and for these activities it is about equal to the desktop and laptop, and superior to the iPad and the 7&#34; tablets. For me the ChromeBook provides about 95% of what I would use a laptop for while the iPad provided only about 80%. The Kindle at one-third the weight of the iPad is much more enjoyable to use for reading books, but magazines and newspapers are better suited for the iPad. I'm getting about 8 hours of battery life on the ChromeBook, the keyboard is good, the trackpad is excellent and build quality is acceptable. There is absolutely no maintenance on the ChromeBook. Google automatically updates it every 6 weeks and Anti-Virus software is not needed. A cold boot takes about 10 SECONDS and it wakes from Sleep in 1 SECOND. Keep in mind that only Google Chrome applications can be installed and run on it. Also keep in mind that you must be connected to the Internet for most of the functionality. But there are hundreds of free applications, games and extensions available directly from the Chromebook. All in all it is well worth $249 and at 2.5 pounds (3 pounds with charger and a carrying case) it's easy to carry on trips.
computer|So inexpensive, amazing screen, easy to use!!! Perfect for web surfing and using the internet. Everything is Cloud based so no viruses!!!
computer|I'm what you would call a Google &#34;power user,&#34; so I very strongly considered purchasing the new Chromebook Pixel. Ultimately, I couldn't justify the cost and figured I would try out a low-end Chromebook first.First of all, I should clarify that this is my &#34;second computer.&#34; I won't call it a backup, because often it's my go-to computer, but I could not survive with it being my *only* computer.That said, I love being able to open it up at a cafe and be on the Internet in seconds. I use Google Docs for my word processing needs and most of my life is in the cloud, so for most stuff, the Chromebook is perfect.Some good stuff....It &#34;feels&#34; like a $250 computer at times, but that's not entirely a bad thing. It's very lightweight and easy to carry. It doesn't ever get warm. The ease of accessing the Internet is superb. The connection speed seems comparable to any other laptop on a connection with similar speed. I would caution if you typically keep 10-12 tabs open at the same time, there may be a little lag as you click on one you haven't visited in a while. The price can't be beat. There's a certain security in knowing that I could lose or break my Chromebook and not only would I not lose any data, but I could get a new one for such a low price.Some bad stuff...I really wish it had a longer lasting battery. My traditional laptop has a much stronger battery life. The sound just doesn't seem as robust as I would like it. If you are an audiophile, you might want to play with one first to see if it meets your needs.Bottom line...If you are aware of the Chromebook's limitations and this type of device fits your needs, go for it.
computer|Love the size, the minimal weight and concept. The buzz about this laptop in the WSJ and other reviews are right on. Buy it, for under $250USD, you can't go wrong.
computer|I am typing my review on my Chromebook :-) The Chromebook arrived promptly and upon taking out of the box, etc it started right up. So...I have had it a couple of weeks and I am -so far- pleased....it meets my needs, which primarily are to access wi-fi and the interwebs. I do have concerns that it seems the materials are not too substantial...we will see how the Chromebook wears over time. I do think it is a plus that it is so lightweight yet at the same time I am concerned that a button or two on the keyboard may pop out or wearout over time. Hopefully, my concerns will be for naught! I have encountered little issues with the Chrome OS...mostly, just adjusting to differences between Chrome OS and Windows. So I am satisfied...and some of these major issues that others have reviewed about happening to them have NOT been my case.
computer|We are on a pretty tight budget and after our laptop broke, I was searching for a good replacement. The computer is mainly for my wife who needs this for e-mails. I found out that she already uses GoogleDocs so not having MS Office ended up not being an issue. I was worried at first about printing, but the cloud printing has proved to be really easy to set up with our wireless printer. We love how quickly this boots up. For our purposes, it has been much more practical than having a 'real' laptop.The Chromebook is nice and light but still feels sturdy. The design is attractive and the keyboard is a comfortable size.
computer|If you're like me, and 90% of the time you spend on a computer is spent on social media and internet browsing, then a Chromebook can't be beat.Simple to set up and start using right out of the box. Boots in seconds, connect to your wireless, log in to or create an account, and you're ready to go. It took less than a minute to get online.With Google services like Drive, you can write papers and create slideshows, upload files, and even work documents collaboratively in real-time with other people all on the cloud. You can also upload and stream music, edit and store photos, video chat, etc.Though you won't be playing high-end games on this Chromebook, the Chrome Web Store does offer some casual games.The OS is extremely secure. Browse the web without fear of viruses or malware.Bottom line, this Chromebook is a great alternative to Windows and Apple computers for most people. And at an awesome price.
computer|Introducing the New ChromebookI know you have seen it on the TV and read about online. I know I have not seen anyone with it or really read any reviews on it. Well guess what I got one to review. I was shocked at how small and thin it was. Plugin right out the box its ready to set up. As a mom i was worried about it getting too hot and burning one of the kids, My old laptop would leave places on my leg if i had it on my lap but this thing is hardly warm after using it all day. Now its not like any other computer everything is done in the cloud nothing is saved on your computer but a few things. Mostly just you logon info and settings. Now don't worry if you end up needing help its much easier to find and get it then any other computer. It charged in just a few hours. I will tell you that the power last longer than my old laptop I had a few years ago. I even can fit in my purse with no issues and my back doesn't hurt after word. Oak has even got a hold of it a few times. As a mom I really love it. Now as a tech there are a few things that are drawbacks. Java does not work with it, which is fine if you use it for simple everyday things. It is great for blogging and I do recommend it for bloggers here is why. You get a large amount of google drive space free. If you install chrome on your PC you can sync all your bookmarks and files in just a few sec. I use an android phone so all my bookmarks are synced on it too. It makes it so easy to blog on the go. Now because everything is on the cloud you use apps just like on android phones. It does take sometime to get use too using but if you go threw the get started screen you will understand it in no time. The cost is well worth it. All in all its a fast running, slim, light, cool and I mean it stays cool little computer. There is nothing to install on it ever. Here is a little more info on it:Introducing the New ChromebookChromebooks are easy to use, and don&#8217;t slow down over time. They have built-in security, so you&#8217;re protected against viruses and malware. They come with apps for all your everyday needs, and keep your files safely backed up on the cloud. And with free, automatic updates, your Chromebook keeps getting better and better.Automatic updatesChromebooks automatically update themselves: all of your apps stay up-to-date, and you get the latest version of the operating system without having to think about it.Get started without the setupChromebooks require almost no setup, so you can go from unboxing to doing in minutes. Unlike other computers, you don&#8217;t need to spend hours installing patches and software.Portable, powerful, coolerThe Samsung Chromebook's dual core processor delivers exceptional performance and battery life in an ultra-slim package. And unlike traditional computers, it has no fan or moving parts, which means it stays cooler on your lap and runs silent (no humming, unless you're listening to music).Stay connected in-flightWith your Chromebook, you can get online at 10,000 feet with free Gogo in-air internet passes. Your Chromebook comes with 12 free passes (estimated $150 value) that you can use over 2 years on domestic US flights.Collaborate on documentsCollaborate on documentsCreate documents, spreadsheets, presentations, and drawings with apps like Google Docs, Zoho and SlideRocket. With productivity apps, you can collaborate in real-time with others, access your documents from any computer, and have your files backed up automatically. Access other everyday files using the built-in PDF and document viewer.More storage in the cloudWith 100GB of free Google Drive storage for two years, you can keep all of your apps, documents, favorites, and settings safe and securely accessible from anywhere. You don&#8217;t have to bother downloading and installing any applications onto your hard drive. More storage in the cloudOversized, multi-touch touchpadYou can enjoy better control using a large multi-touch touchpad With a glass coating and image sensor it provides a stylish and convenient way to use your Chromebook. Oversized, multi-touch touchpadFull-sized keyboard designed for ChromeThe keyboard is optimized for Chrome with a dedicated search key, a row of web-enabled keys, and a comfortable, full-size layout that doesn&#8217;t cramp your fingers.Simply more flexibilityThe Chromebook has a range of ports, including HDMI and USB 3.0/2.0 ports, to enable greater flexibility for sharing data and multimedia playback. Its unique hinge design makes it easier to connect all of your peripherals.*Manufacturer Warranty Information: XE303C12-A01US - Parts: 12 months, Labor: 12 months
computer|I have been in the computer business over 35 years and have to say this is one the most exciting products ever. Chrome (browser, social medial, video) plus offline apps plus Google Drive (Google Documents, Presentations, Spreadsheets) plus Sky Drive (Word, Excel, Powerpoint). Soon to come, Netflix.No spinning hard drive, no cooling fan, quiet. Cloud backup. SD card, USB drives, hdmi output. Goggle keeps OS and app patch levels current.Fast!
computer|Admittedly I house moderately inappropriate feelings of love for Google. But that said I was actually a little worried when I ordered a Chromebook because I wasn't terribly sure how things would work having only chrome web apps to rely on for all of my school work, homework, and just general internet life. Fortunately though I have to say that it readily soothed all of my concerns. For essentially every function that a regular laptop provides, there's a chrome app that covers it, to the point where almost everything that I deal with for all of my classes is accessible to me anywhere and on any computer, without having to worry about leaving files laying around on physical drives. Considering that almost every business offers free wifi, the fact that it needs the internet really doesn't affect the functionality at all, and nowadays the only thing that I don't use it for is torrenting, because no one's written an app for it yet. Oh, also it's super lightweight, doesn't heat up, and I carry it everywhere. Boom.
computer|Updated review:An update in the OS fixed my problem and it now works well. With a reliable wifi connection, the Chromebook is great. The instant boot time makes this the computer I reach for the most often. It's light weight and long battery life makes it a great travel companion.Printing is a pain though. It's always a huge waste of time where things don't work and you need to try random things before things print. For this task, I save time by using other computers. I'll give this device stars if they can make the printing experience less horrendous.Past Review:I really wanted to like the Chromebook, with its instant on, maintenance-free, low-overhead advantage, but in reality, I find myself frustrated with its spotty ability to connect to the internet (even though none of my other devices have this problem). The problem with a web-based OS is that it's completely useless without a connection. And during the times that it can connect, I oftentimes have to refresh the tab before the page renders (otherwise, I get an error about the website not being available).The pages load very very slowly, too. So I find myself booting up my real computer to get things done faster.I definitely would not recommend this to anyone.
computer|My first impressions having this for 24 hours. Feeling a bit disappointed with the features it lacks as my original purpose was to use it to connect to my work network. VPN support is very limited as of March 2013 -- Two types of LT2P/IPSec and an OpenVPN. My office uses PPTP so this poses a huge problem. And I found an app that allows you connect directly to Windows Remote Desktop protocol for work.I was expecting this to be the Cubic Zirconia to the Macbook Air and it is! The one thing I noticed is opening the lid. It may sound silly, but I've become used to opening a laptop like my Macbook Air with one hand by just flipping the screen open. With the Samsung Chomebook, I have to use two hands -- one to hold the bottom part and the other hand to lift the lid with the screen. Maybe the hinge needs some WD-40.
computer|For the money this is the best laptop I have owned. It is thin, light and easy to use. I do not store anything on my computer anymore since I discovered Google Drive so this was an amazing option for me. I love the size of it. It is my travel, go to everyday computer. My 15 inch Samsung Ultrabook stays at my desk most of the time now and it was 5 times the cost. My Chromebook does not have Windows 8 but it isn't what I use if for.Christopher JohnsonVP, Business Development & MarketingIncubate.com
computer|The best thing about the Chromebook is the size, I haven't found it to be blazing fast, it freezes up on a regular basis, get's just as hot as a laptop.........but the price is good too. Would I recommend it? Probably, the size and price are great. If you're looking to do something besides surf the net, buy something else.
computer|Small screen, glitchy touchpad and extremely short key travel aside... this is my favorite laptop ever. It's tiny, doesn't get hot, doesn't make noise, stays on all day without plugging it in. And for $250, I can live with the aforementioned stuff.As long as it's on a flat surface -- table, desk whatever -- the touchpad isn't too bad (it's really the plastics around it that make it click when I don't want, so lap-use be warned!). Key travel is short but I've actually gotten used to it relatively quickly. And I've had tinier and worse-looking screens. Because of all the pro's about this, I'm not looking back. It's a stellar machine, and when put in developer mode I get a full shell (not that I need it; can SSH to any of my servers to work).As a web developer, I'm saying this is a usable machine. It glitches less than my desktop with 40 tabs open, and that's got a quad-core processor and 4gb ddr3! If all you need is a web browser and shell, buy this thing!
computer|Got this in, and it was safely packed in it's box. I opened it up, and was running within minutes. I have been so pleased with this, it's so easy to just take it with me wherever I go, and it will connect so fast with existing and new internet connections.For the money, this is the best option on the market. I am totally satisfied!It's fast, loads instantly, no lag time in turning it on......Great Job!
computer|The only reason why I did not give it five stars is because it does not support netflix, major disappointment for me, and it also cannot play dvd's. I have done without video entertainment since this was a good computer at a decent price.
computer|Truthfully I bought it for my wife. I am a gamer and it did not impress me. However she shops pays bills and checks her e-mail so it is perfect for her. I will say that the number of apps was great and the start up very fast.
computer|Learning how to use it and let it work for me, but it meets all of my expectations!!!Give me more.
computer|I bought this item 2 times from best buy and both had problems. They were both new. One had a broken screen upon opening the box. The second had a broken speaker and the touch pad was lifting. If I were looking for a budget laptop. I would not get this. I dont believe its worth the trouble. Check my YouTube channel for other reviews... Channel: WilliamRsElectronics
computer|So far the Chrome has been good. surprisingly it running web URL well.- Youtube ,Netflix (Ran well)- Have run multiple Tabs (runs smooth)- Speaker are good. Keyboard seems cramped.- Goodies with Chromebook 100 GB Google drive & 12 Coupons In Flight Wifi.- [...]
computer|I'm a full time writer/copywriter. I've been a Mac girl for years (going on 10, probably). I love my MacBook and always will, but I haven't even turned it on since I got this computer. This chromebook is inexpensive, allows me to have 3G on the go (much less than I was paying for my MiFi 3G), and saves everything on the cloud (no worries about "computer crashes" anymore!). This computer is light, the keyboard is a dream, and I've found substitutes for just about everything I use via the chrome store (all free add-ons).Love, love, love.It this thing breaks, I'll get a new one. It's the future of computing and I couldn't be happier.
computer|I buy this computer for a daily use at home.1. Is amazing how fast the computer turns on.2. The keyboard is just perfect, you can write without any problem3. Battery, AMAZING! A dream comes true, between 6 o 7 hours of normal use.4. 100gb free on Google Drive, this pay the computer.Just one bad thing, no one can install Skype. But I use IMO as substitution, you can chat trought skype on that page, but you cannot call or videocall. But it works just perfect for me.Go on, is cheap, is beautiful and works perfects!
computer|It's great. Fast, does almost everything... the only disappointment was that it still crashes. I thought that was behind me when I ditched Microsoft, but apparently it's not. I'm disappointed in Google, normally they do a better job. Still, it doesn't happen that often, and I'm sure they'll fix it soon with an update.
computer|So easy to use. Very light weight to take with you. No downloads so no problems. Perfect for Google and Gmail.
computer|Love the Chromebook...works well as a second computer to the desk top, It's very user friendly and extremely intuitive. I am very pleased with my purchase.
computer|Just what I was looking for, light weight travel computer for the internet & emails.I really like the instant on feature
computer|Everything was awesome with with notebook, perfect size , starts up fast as heck from a cold start, looks good has all the features, but all the sudden mine just shut off-... and a white light blinked, i tried messing with the power cable and differnt oulets ect. but no luck , so good luck if u get one , looks like you get what you pay for.
computer|This has been one of my best purchases ever!! Small, lightweight and I can do everything I need on it!! Just a ya bigger than my iPad. Boots in seconds.
computer|I am not an expert by any means. I bought this to supplement my desktop computer. I think it does the job fine. Gets great battery life. So far I don't have any major complaints.
computer|This is a good product for the money, needs a little better instruction manual, it is all it says and probably more
computer|I use the Chromebook all the time at home, and when I am looking to surf the web or do relatively light computing. It has an amazing battery life, and the need to be connected to WiFi isn't that big a deal - there are hot spots nearly everywhere you go, and I also have a mobile WiFi hot spot from my phone provider. While limited apps and lack of internal storage and a thin OS limits the usefulness of the Chromebook, the use of the cloud computing resources from Google, coupled with the very low cost, makes this a good value and worth picking up as a second machine.
computer|... and I spent an hour trying to figure out how to get another one. Ordered a 40 watt replacement for one of the Series 5 Chromebooks but will have to wait to see if a) it fits in the 2012 Chromebook's power port and b) whether it works. Doesn't seem like Samsung, Google, or Amazon thought of someone needing a new or additional power cord for this thing. After hours of use by my kids yesterday, and a little tinkering on my own, the Chromebook is solid and definitely worth the $249. But we won't be using it again until I can get it recharged.
computer|I just got this as a secondary computer to compliment my desktop, and so far it's been great. The remote desktop app is surprisingly convenient, and since a lot of the time I'm in chrome anyway, I've been very happy with the device. I've even found a lot of apps that I didn't know existed when I got the computer. It's kind of amazing how much can be done in a browser at this point, and it's only going to get better.
computer|My Samsung Google Chromebook arrived today, 2 days after ordering with Prime. A few initial reactions...Very easy to get going out of the box,even easier if you have a google account and are familiar with Google Docs and android apps. I loved the small size and minimal weight, however the plastic case is just that, not very substantial plastic.I sure would not want to drop it or crush it in a suitcase or carry on. I'm not sure it would be good or a child unless there was some kind of and otter box-like case to protect it. Don't think it would hold up to kid abuse for the long haul.I bought a royal blue neoprene sleeve with some side pockets that fits well and will hold the charging cord.I bought the Chromebook mostly for ease when traveling. I do have an ipad3 that I love, but wanted a more windows oriented option as well. My at home laptop is a DELL Inspiron, but it is a desktop replacement 17" and way too big and heavy to take on a trip.The touchpad is adequately responsive, the desktop is uncluttered...it's easy.Uncomplicated. Functional.I already liked the Chrome Browser and enjoy using gmail .Using it is like working with a friend you know well.The charging plug is as ridiculous as others have reviewed. What in the world was Samsung thinking when they designed a dongle thingy that looks like it plugs in to my electric stapler. One will need to be VERY careful when plugging it in and out of the little plug port in the back.The chromebook came partially charged and got to full capacity very quickly.So far so good when using this little guy. It seems to do what I want it to do, is tiny, has good screen resolution, good keyboard action except my "f" key sticks and does not react immediately when pushed. I'm debating if I want to send it back for that, it does slow me down when I type, and have to stop and think about if the "f" printed. Very annoying. Hoping it will loosen up and work like the other keys. I do like the keyboard action overall.I read all the reviews about this machine before I ordered it and I'm beginning to think there are some people who just dream up negative reviews to stir things up...One person said, no delete key....uhh, what's wrong with the backspace for that? There is also a keyboard shortcut that takes the place of a cap lock but I will have to go back in and figure out where those keyboard shortcuts are again..So my reaction is mixed, but leaning more towards the positive..some people are expecting a finely crafted laptop for this low low price. You get what you pay for, but in this case, the low price buys you the a basic machine, created with a great deal of thought about the features. I will update my review as time goes on. I am hoping I will not have function failure as others have reviewed after using for awhile. The sticking "f" key is really, really annoying.UPDATE #1: Spent a lot of time using the Chromebook last night and have decided the sticking "f" key is not something I can live with. So I am exchanging it for another one. Amazon customer returns NEVER disappoints...the return process is beyond easy. The CS representative was friendly and helpful, and easy to understand as English was her primary language, unlike most other CS online experiences I'm encountering lately for other companies. Amazon will overnight ship a replacement Chromebook at no cost to me, and will email me a return label also at no cost to ship the package back. And, they are not waiting for the defective item to arrive before sending the new one. What's not to love about Amazon? Seriously...Also noticed that in the advanced Chromebook settings, there is a way to "wipe" the machine back to factory settings. I really appreciate how basically user friendly this machine seems to be. Not quite the same as an apple device, they practically reach thru the display and guide your hand to what you want to do, but easy...one of the reasons I did not want a small windows laptop or netbook was how unintuitive it is to do what you need to do even for simple setting changes or adjustments. I find myself totally frustrated when I go back to using my DELL laptop after my Ipad because of the Windows platform with a million windows to click through. I'm glad Google has come up with what I hope continues to be a very respectable alternate for basic functions (please, I'm not a tekkie so don't jump on this, want a small basic machine that won't get bogged down with the issues a Windows machine experiences) I'm hoping I can also use Chromebook away from my home wifi, using my iphone as a hotspot so I can take advantage of using the internet on a larger display. Originally I had an android smart phone, a samsung galaxy Fascinate with a nice large display. I switched to an iphone 4 and was not thrilled with the small screen, even though I like most everything else. I've really wrestled with the decision to switch back to either a samsung NOTEII or GalaxyIII for a larger screen, but now with the Chromebook tethered to my own hotspot,I'm rethinking that.Yes, it will use data, but I don't stream music, play games or videos on 3g data so I end up with more than enough data each month(Verizon) Will update again next month unless there are "issues" with the new machine.Update #2 April 13, 2013: My replacement Chromebook arrived yesterday as promised with overnight delivery. No problems with the keyboard keys sticking as I experienced with the first one. Fast set up again out of the box. First interesting observation,no juice...I had to charge it right away...the first Chromebook arrived with a partial charge..hmmmm...with first one thought, "oh, thoughtful to have that ready to go" Now thinking it was returned by someone else for the sticking f key. It charges quickly so not really a problem, plugged in (again, silly little charging dongle) and went thru set up, choosing my wireless connection. First hiccup, the wireless kept going off, trying to default to neighbors' appearing in the list...this did not happen the first time...Re-booted, and wireless was OFF again.Connected, but didn't stay connected. Starting to worry. I am not tech trained, but I do know some things. Clicked on the wireless icon and went into the wireless settings and saw that the box for "automatically connect to this network" was UNCHECKED. Another hmmm, first machine, that had no wireless staying on issues was NOT a new one when it came to me. Selected that option, now problem solved (I think) I shut the machine down and came back to it awhile later, internet defaulted to my home connection right away A few things I don't know how to do, maybe someone else can help me, don't know how to get rid of APPS that I downloaded from the chrome store and,I chose several new themes, told me they were added, but I can't find them to select them...where did they go? After being used to the Ipad retina display, I agree that the resolution is underwhelming and increasing the brightness does help.Realistic expectations as we all have said, is the key to enjoying this machine.I'm still concerned that overtime,the Chrmbk will start having problems as noted in other reviews. I don't forsee heavy usage, wanted this machine as a low cost mini laptop traveling companion to my ipad3 and didn't want another tablet(android)So, the jury's still out. Added a 4th star because right now there is nothing to fault and I think performance is more than just mediocre if you accept it for what it is. I'm hopeful I didn't get one of the "lemons". We'll see how it goes over time.
computer|I was unsure about the chromebook when I originally ordered it, but I went ahead and ordered it because it is fairly inexpensive. I couldn't be happier. It is definitely something that I would recommend to people who mainly use the computer for internet. Everything is done through the chrome browser. The google docs works great and can convert a file to almost anything. I use it for online college courses and I have never had a problem.
computer|It took some convincing, but I decided to take a leap of faith with the Chromebook. It is very much worth the $249.I'm surprised that it doesn't feel flimsy considering its size and price tag. The exceptionally small size and the track pad in particular take some getting used to.My main disappointment in this machine is the fact that I cannot do any Facebook video chatting - it seems like Google has disabled this function in order to coerce you into using Google Hangout. It seems a bit underhanded, but oh well.I hope it holds up and continues to work as quickly as it does straight out of the box.Bottom line: It won't replace the PC or the Mac, but its worth the leap of faith for those seeking an inexpensive alternative for light computing.
computer|I purchased the chromebook with it's use set in my mind.I am sort of an average joe tech fan (above average tech knowledge, but not on par with people who live an breath this stuff)Recently my macbook kicked the bucket (it was about 7 years old). When searching for a new computer i wanted to really dig down and get an idea of what i used my macbook for. Ultimately it all came down to web browsing.The Chromebook was a perfect choice for me because it gives me the essentials i look for in my computer usage. IF you are looking for a computer in which you want to edit videos, save quite a bit of media, store your work... i would look in another direction. But if you are like me, and just want something to browse the web with and view media...this is almost perfect.The price justifies the some of qualms i have with the computer (sometimes choppy playback, plastic feel, lower res camera) But as i stated.. for $250 this is a superstar.I highly recommend this for the average web browser!Feel free to post a comment on here if you have any questions.
computer|This computer is replacing a 4 year old netbook and is better in every way. I am not a power user. It does every thing I need it to do very well. Size, weight and battery life are outstanding.
computer|I did a lot of browsing before committing to buy the Samsung Google Chromebook. Mainly, I considered buying a refurbished laptop; however, I found if I wanted newer laptop I had to settle for an older version of Microsoft or if I considered a new version of Microsoft, I had to settle for an older version PC. Both exceeded the cost of the Chromebook. The Chromebook is loaded with apps and other features, so many I don't even know where to start. I do use Google docs quite a bit, it did take some use to getting to as I have to realize that the word processing or it's "office suite" so to speak is not like Microsoft. Nevertheless, in my opinion is more user friendly once you figure out how to navigate. Basically, you get exactly what you need to put out results. I love the size of the Chromebook, the close proximity of the keyboard keys, and the ease of transitioning from apps, Google Drive to the internet. No regrets here, even though I am still learning. I certainly believe I got the most bang for my buck. I even bought a skin for my Chromebook! Even with all the reviews I read, I still did my research and ended up committing to this product. No regrets!
computer|Works well as advertised. Starts up fast. Lite and easy to use. One drawback, though, is the webcam does not appear to be compatible with Skype, which is one of the main reasons we wanted it. Other than that, it is great.
computer|I spend the majority of the time I am on the computer browsing online. So, this computer is great for that. It is quick, easy to understand, and has very reasonable battery life. You can't upload games or anything to it but it has some google chrome stuff you can play with. Tried installing Minecraft and wouldn't open it because this computer doesn't use that type of file. Overall very nice for internet though.
computer|I love the convenience of this little notebook!! The problem I have with it is the cheap display; you have to sit *right* in front of it or you can really see the image quality diminish. I still like it but a better display would have been worth a few extra $$ in my opinion.
computer|This is the perfect computer for someone who's not looking for alot of fancy technology. I just need to check email and go on facebook or do an occasional search for something online. It has a great keyboard that's easy and comfortable to use. I had some trouble using the touch pad because I'm used to having a mouse but it was not a problem. It's small and light and very portable for me. It may not be the most sturdy of computers but it's not meant for alot of rough housing or such. But what computer is?
computer|This little notebook is easy to set up and for me the apps are very useful. I usually keep it plugged in and have not tested to see how long the battery lasts yet. It arrived the next day and the packaging was very well done. With the caveat about the battery life, I am well pleased. (I've had it about a month and use it two-three times a day.)
computer|This is a great little machine. I have been a dedicated MAC user since the beginning of personal computing but I decided to try this because the price was so low. The Cloud Storage and Free Verizon 3G alone were worth the price. I can't be happier. It starts fast, runs great, has a long battery life and does everything I need it to do at home. I can even work remotely on my office MAC if I need to.
computer|This is a great product at a great price. For $250 I don't have to worry about the kids filling up my computer with viruses.Pros: Turns on and off really fast, it is small, light and beautiful, and it has very good battery life,Con: I noticed that every so often the computer crashes and turns off by itself. At least it turns back on very quickly.
computer|There isnothing that I do not dislike about the product,affordable, fast, simple and easy to use. I would recommend this product to everyone, I am starting classes soon and this is exactly the laptop that I need.Five stars for affordability,simplicity,ease of use.
computer|Once you are used to the system it is a great little notebook. Very sleek and will fit easily into a lot of bags.
computer|This is a great computer for me, small compact, works well. It does take some getting used to, because of the differences from Windows. Once you get used to those, it's easy. I use it for various things, and have no problem.
computer|Love this Chromebook..its awesome! highly recommended to everyone, it is great laptop very fast, very light, very thin, and so friendly to use.
computer|I have not had any problems except trying to print. Wish I could just use my wireless printer. Still need to read the directions on that. My kids fight over it all the time.
computer|BANKING,SHOPPING,FACEBOOK,......LOOK UP ANYTHING FAST!!!! FOR PERSONAL USE I RATE THE SAMSUNG CHROMEBOOK NUMBER ONE....,IM GOING TO BUY MY GIRLFRIEND ONE WHEN AVAILABLE
computer|I bought this as a second computer essentially, knowing full well it wouldn't do everything -- that's why I have a gaming PC. However, what this does do is go everywhere. It slips into my purse, It gets carried around, it plays pandora when I clean and amuses me while my daughter takes dance. I have downloaded free educational apps for her, and some more fun ones got me, but what this DOES is it lets me check my email and share documents and write anywhere basically. It powers up so quickly and connects so fast, in the time it takes to get a coffee made at starbucks I can make sure I'm not missing anything.I read about the battery life and I thought -- no way. But it's true, I get this insane amount of time off one charge. It's perfect for taking with without hauling something heavy. I use it, my daughter uses it, it goes everywhere, but the best thing, it doesn't get hot. She can curl up with it under a blanket on the couch and spend time at the educational games on her school's web site. I'm surprised the the speakers don't suck, and the screen is perfectly fine. Sure, it's not a 'wow best speakers ever' or 'the screen is amazing' but for a little, portable, lightweight piece of awesome, both are so much better than I anticipated. I love this little thing.
computer|I ordered the Chrome Book because I wanted a portable device for note-taking and document access. (While I originally considered an ultra-book, I decided to keep separate applications with sensitive data like Quicken from other cloud-based documents. Based on that concern, I elected to maintain a home-based laptop and to buy the Chrome Book for on the go.) At $249, you cannot beat the price for the Chrome Book.The Chrome Book is extremely light-weight (~2 pounds) and meets my standards for portability. The keyboard is very comfortable and easier to use than a touch screen with either a stylus or an add-on keyboard. (I admit that I find it challenging to type on a touch screen and that I don't like fingerprints.) The device looks stylish.From a set-up perspective, it is important to ensure that your wi-fi encryption is set to WPA2. (Our router was originally set to use the older standard of WEP.) When I first turned on the Chrome Book, the device was extremely slow - taking many minutes to access a web page. As soon as I changed the encryption standard, the Chrome Book speed became good and responsive. If you are currently using WPA2, set-up is as easy as turning on the device and signing into Gmail.If you don't have wi-fi access, the Chrome Book does allow you off-line access to both Gmail and Google Drive.To gain full utility from this device, you need to buy-in to using Gmail and Google Drive. (You can access MS Office docs on a flash drive.) I have been impressed by the collaboration capabilities with Documents on Drive. (If you are committed to using Outlook or another reader to access your mail locally, the Chrome Book will NOT work for you.)Google makes available 100GB of storage on Drive for 2 years if you buy a Chrome Book. In order to take advantage of this storage, you need to search for Chrome Book "goodies" online.A disappointment with the Chrome Book is that you cannot access the New York Times application with off-line availability. (You can sign in and read the NY Times with the Skimmer application. You need wi-fi connectivity to use the Skimmer.) While I pay for an online Times subscription, the Chrome tablet application will not work. Every time you try to access an article, it prompts you to log-in but it then routes you back to the home page instead of opening the article. (If you look at the reviews on the Chrome Store web site, many users report the same problem.)While the Kindle Cloud application will allow you to access your newest book via the Chrome Book, it will not allow you to access your subscriptions.)I think this is a good device if you want a portable gadget for office functionality. If you are traveling and want access to entertainment, I don't think this is the optimal device. (Without a memory stick add-on, you can't download media for access without wi-fi.)
computer|determined that 95-98% of my activity was spent in a browser. So I decided to give the Samsung 3G Chromebook a shot.Before the CB, in the morning, I had to wait interminably to get on to the web while my computer was booting up...well those days are behind me. The CB boots up in 2-5 seconds not even the 10 seconds they state in product description. I had been concerned about being able to print but Google solved that with their slick &#34;Cloud Printing&#34; app. Set it up once and it's good to go from there. As for my concern on how to get scanned documents into Google Drive (where I had been storing my documents for years), it turns out that my printer has WiFi capabilities so now that becomes a non issue.By the way, I have connected my 24&#34; monitor and keyboard to the CB and you'd never know that you're on a very light, extremely good looking and thin laptop. It really gets some heads turning at Starbucks. Use the WiFi or in my case 3G.I love this and am already about to get one for each person in my family. The learning curve BTW is zero if you use any of the Google services.
computer|Perfect for my uses--I needed something fast and spiffy to write my books on, and for internet research. I love the keyboard, and because of the format it works really fast! If you're a Windows person it will take a little experimenting to get the hang of, how different it is by comparison. But if you're not a space hogger and just like something efficient, the chromebook is for you! Loving it so far
computer|I work in IT and am a firm believer in the KISS (Keep It Simple Stupid) rule. The Chromebook is just that; a very simple and easy to use laptop that does one thing very well. Its basically a browser with a keyboard. I go tthis unit for my mother who is 89. It does everything that she needs to do; her email and her banking. Plus she can visit the sites that she likes.The Chromebook is fast and easy and performs well.
computer|I had read many of the other reviews before I bought this Chromebook, so I knew what to expect and here are my individual impressions:Good:PriceFree 100GB of Drive storageLight and thinDevice SpeedBattery LifeKeyboardTrackpadLoud, clear speakersSleep/Wakeup TimeSeems perfectly compatible with everything I do on the web besides NetFlix. Netflix REALLY needs to abandon silverlightBad:-I am not a huge fan of matte screens, this is not necessarily a bad for all people though-SD card sticks WAY out, I had expected it to protrude but no where near as much as it does. I purchased a 128GB SD card for movies-Not much else...Overall a solid machine that can compete with tablets for those that will spend most of their time in browsers or need a faster machine for google docs use. For those looking for a computer replacement look elsewhere if you rely on typical Windows/OS X applications. Most people (myself included) really only use the browser and can rely on web apps for light spreadsheet and word processing. This machine does that very well, for the right price.
computer|The chromebook is a simple setup, easy to use tablet! Well worth the $250 Will not replace your desktop for all applications A useful device that handles browsing, banking, shopping as well as a laptop. The $250 price is very attractive!
computer|[[ Samsung Chromebook (3G, 11.6-Inch)]]This is a very nice computer. It is small, light, with great battery life. No it will not replace the full function laptops, it is not for the power user that needs their laptop to do everything.. But it is a very handy 2nd computer.. Connecting to Verizon 3g took only a few minutes. It sees wireless networks very quickly and connects with no problems.. It is perfect for traveling and checking your email, surfing the web, paying bills, playing games, etc..The only con I can come up with is I miss the delete key. The keyboard is surprisingly roomy for such a small device, but they decided to eliminate the delete key, and that will take some getting use to.Besides that so far this does everything it promises. .For only $329 it is well worth the money.
computer|I bought this for my adult son and he really likes it. I do like it was an inexpensive item but well made and backed by a great Google company.
computer|Update - decided to keep it and give it another star.First of all, I might say that I'm a little indifferent to the Chromebook - hence the (original) 3 star rating. I have the last return date circled in my calendar, and have the bubble wrap and box all ready to go. Meanwhile I'll try to find out where it fits (if anywhere) in my computer collection, and if I can adapt to the Chromebook world. If I keep it, I'll give it another star.Years ago, when you used a computer to do serious work, you used a terminal connected to a larger computer. An unconnected terminal (even an "intelligent terminal") didn't do much on its own. It was a rather care-free life. If you terminal stopped working, you simply found another one and picked up where you left off. Viruses (at an individual level) were unheard of. I think of the Chromebook is a modern interpretation of the terminal. You get all the advantages (statelessness, no individual viruses, no software to install, no maintenance), but it needs to be connected, and your experience is only as good as what is on the other end.First of all, the hardware is top notch. I could easily give it 5 stars. It's silent, lightweight but solid, and the display is very good. Battery life seems to be better than most laptops, but not quite as good as an iPad. In terms of performance, I'd say it's better than any Windows machine near this price range. My favorite test is scrolling rapidly through a Facebook news feed. It's almost as fast as a high-powered Mac.The software/OS is basically a web browser with a LIMITED set of plug-ins. unlike an iPad, you have Flash available, and there is some magic to allow you to save a few things off-line, access external drives, etc. Apart from that, you probably can't install plugins. The Java site says I don't have Java, but Wikipedia sound clips work (yay).One amazing feature is remote desktop access. I can barely read what I'm typing, but I'm typing this on my chromebook connected to my mac. I think this just made the keep decision.Although you can minimize the web browser, there doesn't seem to be much point. There is an "app store", and the most common price seems to be "free". "Bookmark store" might be a better term (a "bookmark store" is a great improvement over one well-known browsers habit of simply filling your bookmarks with its choice of bookmarks). Some apps (such as Evernote) are simply the same as the web interface available to everyone. Email is limited to web-based email (luckily most email providers and corporate email servers provide (usually awkward web based interface). A few "apps" seem quite pointless - such as a "wikipedia" app which does nothing but display ads in the margin while you read genuine Wikipedia articles with the margins cut off. Google maps is the same as the awkward web version (two-fingered scroll = zoom, scrolling means clicking on the little compass circle). Many Google "apps" create several tabs for simple operations. For example, reading a book via Google Play may open 3 tabs (only one of them is the book). This can get a little confusing. Then again, the whole tabbed interface avoids the issues of having multiple programs open, each with its own tabbed interface.Finally - (despite the hype, but true to the fine print) offline behavior is currently VERY limited. I was able to edit a Google Doc (Google Docs are kept off-line) without wifi, and the document synced as soon as I was back within wifi range. Perhaps other sites will gradually acquire Chromebook off-line behavior, but for now don't expect to work offline and pop into your local cafe for a quick cup of coffee and daily sync. The good news is that you can "try out" the Chromebook experience using any type of computer that runs Google Chrome. This might save you a trip to the post office.
computer|The design is so great. I love it. It looks better in my hands than the pictures.Netflix works fine after an update.great price. I couldn't believe I got this great device for such a low price. Of all my investments, this is the greatest. I would buy another one for my sister.
computer|This computer is very beautiful, streamlined, simple and light. It travels well and never overheats. I would definitely recommend for a travel computer.
computer|My son likes it, but I on the other hand do not. I had considered getting one for myself for school related work, but when I found out that it only utilized apps and you could not download windows based programs, it was a total turn-off. There is not enough functionality on it to be practical for the programs I need to run. I will say that it is fast and that it is a great netbook for surfing the web or accessing social networking sites, but for work or school related papers, it's a no-go. I would suggest spenging a little bit more money on a system is more functional.
computer|When it comes to web-browsing, there are a lot of sites that use flash that aren't tablet friendly. And there are also websites that restrict content from tablets, like Hulu.com. With the Chromebook, you have access to all those sites just as if you were visiting them with a regular Mac or PC.This computer doesn't have the most powerful specs, but because of the ultra lite operating system, everything works and responds very vast. However, the machine is not invincible and will start to struggle if you open about 10 or more content heavy websites.My favorite feature on the Chrome browser is the &#34;Chrome Remote Desktop&#34; application. It makes it easy for you to control a computer at home remotely with your Chromebook through the internet. It is easy to set up and it works great (as long as you have a decent internet connection wherever you are). So if you need a powerful machine, you can just use the Chromebook to access and do work on a more powerful desktop while on the go. I use my Chromebook to work on Matlab projects on my home desktop while I'm at college.Of course this machine is almost useless without internet connection, but isn't that true of tablets as well? You can still watch movies, listen to music, and play games that are stored locally on the hard drive or on an external drive.My main gripe with Chromebook is the lack of applications. I use this machine for college, and I have a lot of content on PDF files to study. The standard PDF viewer in Chrome is very basic. It doesn't let you add comments/highlights or jump to specific bookmarks. Hopefully in the near future there will be an upgrade or a better app available on the Chrome Web Store.
computer|I am in love with this thing. It's lighter than the 2" smaller netbook I upgraded from. It's so fast; it only takes a few seconds to start up. Most things I do are online anyways, and was already using Google Docs, so the fact that you can't use other software was not an issue for me. Now, if only I could use an external DVD drive (like on my netbook) and watch Netflix, it would get 5 stars for sure!
computer|Does what I want, at the speed I want, with efficiency and sensibility that I am coming to expect from Google. I was deciding between the chromebook and a tablet, and I chose the chromebook because I need a no-frills productivity machine that can also be used for light internet consumption. My desktop at home is for gaming, this little machine is my work device. I am a graduate student who uses powerpoint and PDFs to study and present material to the sections I teach, as well as create documents for study guides and note-taking. For the price I paid, the sound quality on the chromebook is amazing, they keyboard/touchpad is exceptional, and the look is stylish on-par with the MacBook Air. Portability is huge. If I were to lose this thing somehow, I would drop the money for a 2nd one with no hesitation.
computer|I have a Windows 7 desktop with all the usual software and drives, but also need a compact unit for use while relaxing around the house and patio, and for travelling. Primarily for web browsing, paying bills, stock trading, emails and storing photos. Not interested in gaming, heavy video use or reading e-books (I prefer ink on paper), so a tablet makes no sense for me. I want a real keyboard and a lid that closes. Can't stand around waiting for a laptop to boot up, and the updates and security programs are a pain.So I bought this Chromebook from Amazon and I highly recommend it. Very light, compact and thin. Slick looks, plus it runs cool and great battery life. Nice screen and really nice keyboard. Almost instant start up, fast browsing, simple to store files, photos etc. 100Gb cloud storage and some local storage (more with memory stick). Has basic utilities (docs, spreadsheets, etc) if you need them. Thousands of Apps and games - some are fairly useful. Connected an HDMI cable and watched ESPN3 games on bigscreen TV. Doesn't show Netflix yet but got a message that they are working on it. If you really need a lot of power computing, use your desktop. But if you want a machine to access the web and email, and like the ergonomics of a small lightweight laptop, you will LOVE this Samsung. Especially if you don't want to pay much higher price for power and complexity you don't need.
computer|Nothing too special, but at this price we didn;t expect much. This is the perfect browser, email access tool and skype access investment a recent retiree could ever need.
computer|The truth is that i loved the product, is super easy to carry everywhere you want to go is so beautiful and easy to use i recommend you if your a person that goes to college to buy one.
computer|I love the chromebook for travel - it's small, it's light, and it's got a very nice keyboard so I can actually type long email messages or other documents while traveling for business.When I'm traveling I don't need a whole lot of storage - enough of my life has moved to the cloud that I can do all my travel essentials on a chromebook that are unwieldy on my Android phone, and not worth lugging the poundage of a full laptop: I can check Yelp for restaurants and book on OpenTable or UrbanSpoon, I can check all my travel plans on TripIt, I can check work and personal email and actually respond without struggling with screen-based keyboard on my phone or tablet (Nexus 7), I can listen to my music on Google or on Pandora, I can watch streamed movies, or even downloaded ones saved either to the device or an SD card.And the price point ($249 for mine) is amazing - get one for every member of your family for the lowest priced AirBook.My Chromebook is my new, light, small travel buddyIt honestly obsoletes my old laptop - now I have to figure out what to do with that monster.
computer|Love it so far! If you understand what you're getting with this device you won't be disappointed. Build quality is good and Chrome OS is a very pleasant surprise.
computer|Does exactly what my wife needed it to do. Web browse, facebook, online movies. Great & fast, does everything its described to do.
computer|All features and benefits are there; also all caveats about limited offline functions. What more I ask of the maker (firmware?) is driver support for Ethernet. Some brands of chromebook *do* support USB adapters for Ethernet (usb 2 allows up to 1 gigabit/second data; usb 3 allows up to 5 gb/s). Alas the 3g model in 4/2013 does not. Also in the "I wish" category, I wish the blue-tooth connectivity (currently for mouse & full-size keyboards sold separately) would extend to direct transfer Chromebook to chromebook (and to other devices one identifies). Lastly, I have learned that the 3g model has a SIM card slot and that one can take this Chromebook to Europe and buy service on a SIM card there, month to month. The steps to "enable Global SIM card" involve manually typing a command at the CTRL+ALT+T prompt. It is too bad that Samsung and/or google don't point this out more prominently as an added feature to travelers who love this device's portability, speed and simplicity.
computer|Purchased this mostly as a toy to get a feel for what a Chromebook is and isn't. It almost immediately became my primary computer. The fact that it boots nearly instantly and has such fantastic battery life makes it so versatile. I leave it on my hutch when not in use, when I need to use it, grab it, open, and voila, I'm online. When I'm done I close the lid. I've never shut it down, other than experimentation.Due to how light and compact it is, it feels solid, although it's no more ruggedly built than any other mainstream laptop, it just doesn't have to support much weight. The screen is bright and easy to read. All websites that I use work fine.I do still need my regular laptop for a few applications that aren't available via a web interface, but simple web browsing is 90% of what I do and this is so much more convenient. I've convinced 2 other people thus far that this is what they need and they love it as well.
computer|Love the Samsung Chrome Book, It;s easy to use and light weight! Want something simple for daily use on a computer Samsung Chromebook is your answer!
computer|this is a smart choice for price with chrome OS which is easy to access to internet without hassle of waiting time to start OS.worth it for price i would say......so far everything smooth while using....no voip like skype but you can use browser base voip services...
computer|I bought this Chromebook with a fair amount of trepidation...I did not want to spend a lot of time &#34;learning&#34; a new way of doing things, but I wanted a light, fast booting machine for browsing and accessing my host computer (via logmein) when I was out of the office. This product has really exceeded my expectations. It is VERY quick, very simple, and has a great screen and keyboard. This is the first review I have ever written. I am normally too lazy to write one and/or I am just not that enthusiastic about the product. This is a great idea and an excellent machine!
computer|My first few days were spent in total agony - I was so frustrated with trying to figure the right apps to use for all the programs I would normally either have or could easily install later. There's such an abundant amount of apps for each program that it's hard to figure which one will work best. But once you get through all the frustration of that initial stage, it's an absolute breeze. I wouldn't want to go back to a &#34;normal&#34; computer; they're a headache now. Chromebook has simplified everything. Yay for Chromebook!
computer|I will start this review with the con. I got the 3g version for only 80 bucks more free data for two years. however when I was in the process of activating the terms said 35 dollar activation and 1.99/m. so another 85 dollars? no not gonna happen. so I got in touch with a chrome ninja and Verizon expert and got me up and running 3g no fees. verizon tries to get you anyway they can I know.Pros everything so impressed. This is my first full day of using it and the battery life is more like 12 hours. seriously does this thing ever run out of battery? perfect size. buy the clam shell case logic case. Oh, one more thing I noticed. the headphone jack was a little finicky had to push it in really hard to get both ears to work. the question is what can't this computer do?
computer|This is a light, and very good laptop for what it is. If you are familiar with the capabilities of a chromebook then you know what to expect and this delivers quite nicely. There really is no need for an extremely powerful laptop running on the Chrome OS so this pretty much meets the needs and at a cost that is extremely affordable.
computer|Most people making this purchase will have already looked into what is good about it and why they want it. I am simply going to say what my research didn't tell me about the Chromebook in hopes of helping others.1- NO Netflix support. Though this maybe coming in the future as of the end of 2012 it is unavailable.2- Bluetooth is only available for mice & keyboards. NO AUDIO. Again this may change with upcoming updates but not as of the end of 2012.3- The charger is neither usb nor mini usb. This was shocking as I automatically concluded that it would charge in at least 1 of those 2 types.That's all. Very good for what it does but with just a little more effort it could have become something spectacular.
computer|Great product. The Build quality is great, screen decent, trackpad and keyboard great, battery life exactly as described. I know that chrome os is still in its early stages but I think google really hit the nail on the head with this one. The only thing that I would like to see google do is make this a stand alone product. What I mean by that is with this machine, you still require a windows or mac machine in your home to either control to sync you google music account or to even print. I think that if google could take care of these issues, a good chunk of the computer industry could be theirs.
computer|It is perfect for surfing the web, checking email, watching youtube videos. I wanted to use it to record my grades into the computer. However, when it wouldn't allow me to use my teacher program I did research to find out that any program that needs Java to work, won't work. So, that part stinks. You can't go ahead and try to install Java either. If you look it up you will see conversations as to why. Other than that, it would have been perfect. Love the price.
computer|Really poised on liking this product. I am familiar with the concept, I am an IT professional and for me it was just making sense. Unfortunately there were 2 major issues that made me return the product for a refund not replacement: the web cam never worked, out of the box, and the screen was pixelating during boot and had few dead pixels. Aside from this, there is still a major problem with the screen: it is almost impossible to see (low brightness) in any kind of light - even in absolute darkness it looks washed out.Other than that the keyboard, touchpad and whole concept are great. You are up and running in like 5 minutes and everything synchronizes nicely with your Google account.Again, great concept, but I would have gladly payed $50 more for a workable screen.
computer|Nice little laptop, except...No backlit keyboard (I'm not a typist) and the power cord plugs in the back (annoying when it's on your lap).All else is great! Fast, saves files and pics, 2 years of Google drive, very light, handle falls to the floor when I fall asleep (hard floor)
computer|The instant on is fabulous. The weight and feel good for the price. For so much of the time on the computer this is going to change my working habits. Google gives me the vast majority of what I want a small laptop to be (or is it just a big netbook). Took a little time getting used to the trackpad but the keyboard has a nice feel and you can always use a small mouse via blue-tooth or usb plug-in. Hope to see a better screen down the road but it may not be possible and still maintain the low price. Wonderful battery life (6+ hours so far). Bring a touchscreen to this device with only a small bump in price and it'll be a huge success.
computer|Minus 1 stars for NOT working right out of the box as it is meant to. It gave a "device corrupted" message as soon as we turned it on and we had to perform a factory reset to get it working. Since then it has started up immediately as advertised.Minus 1 star for not connecting via our home (secured) wireless router which supports 2 other laptops, a tablet and a smartphone. Once we changed the router (same connection, configuration, security) it somehow works now.Since it is working now, we will stick with it. It is for just accessing email, reading blogs and watching youtube. Make sure you have some tech support handy when you get it so you don't get frustrated by start up/connectivity issues. Beyond that, it is a good design and value so far.
computer|Really really like this very light and thin portable laptop.Pros:Boots super fast (about 2 or 3 seconds)No Fan - quiet and doesn't run hotYou can work offline with Google Docs - better than a netbookAll Chrome Store apps are freeYou get 100 GB of storage free (for 2 years)Free in flight WiFi couponsGoogle Hangouts is better than Skype for video callsCons:Tracpad takes a little getting used toThe default type on the screen is a little smallYou may want to increase the font size to 125%
computer|This is a product you will find useful if you need fast computing power that is easy to carry around. I carry it with me constantly. Any time I'm within range of WiFi, I whip it out to answer email, work on documents or perform any other necessary tasks. The keyboard is great and handy to use. It has good battery life. The build quality is satisfactory, especially given the price point. The one major drawback is that, when running on battery, the screen darkens significantly, but this is not a problem when using it plugged in. It starts up unbelievably quickly and shuts down as fast. It's easy to set up to print via wireless printer or via the internet.
computer|She's a high school student and the size/weight are good as are the performance. I like that it is cloud based, so I don't have to worry about her losing data if she breaks or loses the unit.
computer|The Samsung Series 3 Chromebook offers much more than I would expect for the price point. In short, it represents excellent value.PROS:Hardware::> Elegant form factor> Super-comfortable keyboard> Great trackpad> Runs cool and has no buzzing HDD to worry about so boot times are lightning fast.> Battery life is more than satisfactory.Software::> Chrome OS does manage to offer just about everything you would usually need a computer to do, albeit via online "apps*."> Insurance of knowing any computer you load Chrome OS onto data loss is no longer a worry.> Future Chrubuntu release will hopefully allow for bug-free dual-booting with Ubuntu.Misc.::>100 GB of online storage for 2 years>12 in-flight internet sessions included.CONS:> Screen quality is not Samsung's best, and the absolute hinge angle is not quite as wide as I would've preferred.> For most serious work, I dislike Google Docs, opting instead to use Zoho or the few other online office suites.> No Skype support yet (or Netflix if you use it). Not satisfied with "imo" either. Google/other VoIP must substitute.*Apps are not necessarily downloaded, except for a few offline ones noted by a lighting bolt icon in the offline collection of the Chrome Web Store. Otherwise, they're more or less bookmarks in my opinion, functionality that can yet be replicated to some degree on any computer running the Chrome browser.
computer|I really like this computer but it's causing me issues access my my company's VPN through Citrix. I downloaded the Citrix receiver but still can't launch applications because it doesn't run Java (but it does run flash). It wakes from sleep and connects to wifi quickly and is a great size and weight, especially for the price. If you're in the Google ecosystem and don't mind the limited functionality, this is a good and well-priced option.
computer|I've had my chromebook for almost 1 week which i purchased as somewhat of an experiment to see if i really could live in the cloud and i am starting to see that i certainly CAN! have all my music and photos in Google Play/Music and picasa respectively. have uploaded my more recent docs to Google Drive and it has been quite easy to use. the chrome interface and webstore are very easy to use. Granted, i still have a primary PC desktop at home, but i am rarely on it these days now that the chromebook is so light and handily accessible. This really can be the wave of the future for 90% people who don't need high-powered software for office suites, video/photo-editing, etc. Yes noted drawbacks include no support for Java, Silverlight, and (currently) Netflix but these are not that important to me - if they are important to you, look elsewhere. PLEASE do you research before buying this product rather than get it, realize you are NOT the target audience, and then bash it. it's like knowingly buying a perfectly good compact hybrid when what you really wanted/needed was a 300hp SUV or pickup truck. who does that???
computer|The Chromebook is verything as described in the specifications. The Chromebook is easy to use, and starts up instantly. The Apps Google Docs are very helpful.
computer|It is exactly what it said it would be. It opened up immediately and has been an easy to use, ready to go machine. I couldn't be more pleased with it, the delivery dates and the entire purchasing process.
computer|The Samsung Chromebook is an absolute joy to use. It is super lightweight, completely silent (since it's solid state), has great battery life, an awsesome trackpad and keyboard and supports Flash. The whole Chrome OS and cloud based storage with web apps isa stroke of genius. Google has taken a seemingly simple concept and transformed it into the future of computing. I love the instant start up and never have to wait for an operating system to load. I also own a Nexus 7 tablet which I love and is obviously a lot smaller but the chromebook is the first "laptop" I have been excited about. At $249.00 Google has come up with a device that is sensible, stylish and rock solid in performance. I have no complaints. It would be hard to split hairs at this price and unfair based on what this device is designed to do. It does it and does it well. Chrome OS was seamless to learn and the keyboard enhancements make navigation so fluid and easy. I look forward to the future and growth of this OS as it moves forward.
computer|Update at end.Great, and it only took about 10 mins to get up and running after charging including 6 mins for the OS update.Pros:-Quiet, no fan or mechanical disk drive.-The best keyboard.-Matt HD display, no reflections here.-Automatic OS update.-Lightweight.-Battery life looks very good so far.-Solid WiFi connection.-Battery charger works at 240 V as well as 115 V.-Small. I was amazed at just how small and thin it was when I opened the box.-Does not get hot.-Sensitive touch pad.-I like the 2 finger scrolling, and the alt-backspace for "delete" too.Cons:-None. At first I did find it hard to open up, but if placed flat and you then lift the lid with your thumb and let the base hang down, it's easy to get your fingers in there and open it up. So let the weight do the work for you. Also lower case on the key caps was a surprise, but no problem.Overall I'm very pleased with the Samsung Chrome Book quality, and the delivery/shipping box.This was from newegg, the amazon order isn't here yet.Written on Chrome. Made in China.Update:-The unit from Amazon arrived eventually and it is identical and so the same remarks apply.-While using unit 1 the keyboard locked up (?). I found that using the paperclipreset through the emergency hole on the back worked OK after the charger power was connected.It's now back in service.
computer|Great product. Easy to navigate. Purchased after buying Kindle Fire which has been very disappointing. Very hard to navigate and touch screen very insensitive. Felt like I had to &#34;hammer&#34; to get input into unit. The Chrome very satisfying and am getting used to screen.Anthony
computer|I've used the Chromebook for about 3 weeks and find it to be an excellent machine for the price. As long as you are aware of its limitations (can't install anything, mostly based on the cloud), it is a very good choice. I use this for web browsing and listening to the radio/music in our kitchen. I don't use it as my primary machine but I think it would be a good substitute for more expensive tablets (especially if you want a physical keyboard, which I really like on the Chromebook).My only beef would be that I have yet to find a way for two separate Google accounts to coexist on the machine at the same time. My wife has Gmail and I have a Google calendar and Docs and I have yet to find a way where she can quickly log in to check her email without logging me out of my Google account.
computer|Works great and has bright screen and 6hr batteryVery portable and easy to useDisplayis nice size Like the Chrome Color
computer|this has been pleasant surprize-after tablets this is beautiful-love contents & setup,size & overall look-usually dont or try not 2 buy foreign products but could not pass on the $249.00 cost-free ship-no complaints :) will see how it works w/printer coming 4 it
computer|I just recently purchased this laptop...and I must say that I am quite satisfied...only disappointment would be that it has no place for cds or dvds...but as far as I'm concerned there are more positives than negatives...definitely glad I purchased this...can type up documents on this as well as put together power point presentations if need be...has a web cam...is not big, but it is very sleek...I give it two thumbs...
computer|I truly believe this is a great notebook with many great aspects, I just wish there were apps that you could access while offline and my rating for this would grow even larger once Chrome OS gets to that point which I'm sure in the future they will...haven't had it for very long but i do love it very much so far and DEFINITELY love the price!!!
computer|this laptop is the exact size of this picture and my son loves this product. The words you can seeand its worth the investment.
computer|We got this computer mostly so our kids could have easy access to a computer when desired, but it takes up no space when we aren't using it. It is wonderful for email and anything web-based, which is the vast majority of our computer needs. I even did my taxes on it this year (TurboTax online).
computer|We had to replace my mom's old netbook since it was too slow, and ordered the Chromebook for her. The price was perfect and everything she needs in a computer. She's not very tech-savvy, so it's very user-friendly for her and she loves it!
computer|Bought for my 9 year old daughter. She loves it. Great for surfing web and perfect size for her. We also have a macbook air 11&#34; for my wife. Amazing the similarities considering the price difference. Would not recommend if you need to do a lot of editing in MS Office style formats. Only options are google docs (decent) or Open Docs (haven't used it).
computer|We are very happy with our computor purchase.It was well worth the price and I would buy another one in a heart beat if I needed one, thank you agin!!
computer|For casual surfing this is a great value. Wouldn't want to do a lot of work on it, but if you cringe at paying over a thousand bucks for a MB Air, then this might be for you. Lightweight and stays cool on your lap. Stays connected to my home network. There are even some useful apps for it, like an SSH terminal window.
computer|The Chromebook is ideal for me. I love the start up speed! The size is just right as well. I find it very useful when my children need to use our home computer(s). I have explored the apps but have not found many which meet my current needs. Still exploring this however.
computer|Offers an amazing amount for the dollar. We are getting two to three hours battery life when on the web and double that when working offline. Unit is not really off so it starts very fast but that may be why we don't get better battery life.
computer|required some getting use to but works fine. easy to use. Needs more programs or apps which will come in the future
computer|Here is a link to my review on Blogger, hope it helps.I bought it in january from Amazon.uk and it's still running fine.The delivery from Amazon was perfect as usual and really fast.[...]
computer|great little computer. great price. no issues yet. easy setup, easy to use. would reccomend this item for purchase. thanx!
computer|This is a super lightweight, fast, and affordable laptop. This makes a perfect &#34;second laptop&#34; for browsing or hangouts on the couch or in bed. Killer price, fast shipping, great deal.
computer|I purchased this for my mom. I bought her a laptop several years ago but it was heavy and slow. I was really surprised by its slick design and how light it is. I had set up my mom with a gmail account while back so logging in was easy. She checks her email, browses the web and watchs videos on youtube. Perfect hardware for her. I am tempted to buy one for myself.
computer|this will make a excellent award! these came boxed very nice and arrived as requested/promised. I can not imagine someone not liking to receive this
computer|For the price, would have been 5 stars if printing was easier.....If you do not have a &#34;google cloud ready&#34; printer then you can print via the &#34;classic&#34; method which for me is like... not stopping at your local store to get a quart of milk, but driving an extra 30 miles to make that purchase! Oh well, I guess a new printer is in order!!!
computer|This is an awesome computer! It's fast and lightweight! Can pick it up with just 2 fingers. Great for social networking, youtube, e-mail and getting on the Internet to do research. If you don't need MS Office for Word or Excel it is a great little computer. I've had about 15 tabs open at once and it was just as fast as ever. It even has webcam. One downside is that the keys are spaced farther apart than a normal keyboard, which leads to typos, and it is missing a delete button.
computer|I purchased this unit from best buy in california union city to see if i like it or not.The most coolest features that comes with this laptop is the google docs.They are prebuilt with words, power point, excel... etc for $249.00 with 2 years of 100Gb free storage in google drive.For normal windows laptop, I had to purchase the microsoft office to set up the word program in order for me to working on school projects.No need to purchase any additional software since it is already cloud software.It is also a very light with magnified keyboard which should be really great for anyone.Samsung exynos dual core with 1.7 Ghz handles very well on video playback in the youtube with 1080p [in good wifi will takes lesser time to load up].Usually exynos processor has been used for samsung's mobile devices such as galaxy phones, galaxy tab.. etcEven though it isn't intel core series or amd's apu, this cpu handles very well on everyday computing.mSSD of 16 Gb is installed internally allows this laptop to instant ready to use at any time.ConsThere is no ethernet port, so you must be in wifi connection in order to received the newest update.2 of the USB ports are all located on back of the laptop even HDMI port.Speaker is located on bottom of the laptop, easily muffles the sound.Under the loading of youtube, I can feel the heat from bottom of the laptop.The most disadvantages of this laptop is...Very limited capacity on HDD, it is not upgradable.After 2 years of google's free 100 GB storage, you will have to pay $5 a month to continue.Many compability issues that such as normal .exe files won't run, normal skype from main web won't work.Every program, you will have to find in google store only.OverallFor price of $249 laptop, it is a really affordable laptop with decent performances with HDMI.It comes with google docs, you won't have to pay extra for microsoft word.. or office etc.Very light as macbook air, comes with SSD instant ready at any time.Exynos dual core clocked at 1.7 Ghz handles very well on web surfing with youtube playback.Chrome OS stablizes the system by constant update via WIFI connectivity.It is really the pure cloud laptop that you can load up your previous word type in your school to your home as long as you are connected.Try it!
computer|This is only one week that I am using this laptop and it's my fifth laptop. I love it. The system comes up and shuts down very fast. It is like what is described on its explanation on the website. Thank you
computer|this thing works well the exterior could be better made but the price is right.its fast and batteries last a good four hours or more.my first &#34;pc&#34; so i like it so far .there is no disc drive so that suck for uploading music+movies its OS is &#34;smart&#34; so theres no need for fans that are noisie cooling down the processor and drive.easy to use and well thought out.
computer|It is what it is... Don't expect high power computing. Do expect a slimmed down os , a fast web browsing machine and a cool experiment in cloud computing (does it work for you)
computer|I cannot tell you how glad I am I got the Chromebook! It is SO easy to use, starts up right away, is lightweight and easily portable, and offers all of the benefits of Google. Just awesome for $249!!
computer|I wanted something lightweight and quick to load. Got it. Although I would have liked more of a written manual to answer some of my questions since I had not been using google.docs before.
computer|not too much to say but it worth every penny you paid for. now my boyfriend carry it everywhere he go.
computer|I use this every day for convenient, compact, seamless and instant connection to the internet. It's important to recognize the Chromebook series serves as little more than a gateway to internet media. It's not for games, it's not for intense video or audio production or anything of the sort.
computer|Everyone should have one!!! These are the best new laptops on the market I will be buying one for everyone in my family
computer|All though it took me a while to get used to google operative system, for the price I paid I got a very fast and very practical notebook for every day use, very happy with the product.
computer|I wouldn't even really call this a laptop. It's essentially a large browser you can carry around. But if that's all you need, it's perfect. 95% of the time, if I have need for a laptop away from home, I'm either browsing the internet or using a word processor. The Chromebook gives me those two things (and a little more) in a light-weight, sturdy frame with a large keyboard. Even if you own a powerful laptop, this serves a purpose for everyday, non-specialized use, and less worry about damaging or losing your more expensive laptop.
computer|Great product but badly needs an up to date instruction book and a guide to using the cloud effectively while travelling.I see great things for this product in education especially in developing countries. Go for it Google
computer|this product is perfect for college students and for traeling its small enough to fit in a bag in your backpack.
computer|its everything i expected and more. arrived sooner set up easily and has more uses than i need. nice size and weight. good battery life
computer|I love this chrome book! It is now my main machine! I just love everything about it from the very first minute I opened the box! Google has really done some cool things with the drive and the office suite all in the cloud as we say....the google cloud! It is so simple to use and figure out. I have a iPad, and a windows 8 machine....but this little chrome book does all and way more. Very fast. Can't say enough about how I love it. The chrome book is going to be a hit. I have adopted the sad drives in my older machines and they turned out to be fast as can be. This Samsung chrome book has a ssd and is smoking fast. Don't get a hdd ever, go with the much faster/cooler/more efficient ssd. Good job gogle
computer|Great product. I don't see any reaon to use Windows based PC anymore. That'a all I can say. Love it!
computer|This Chromebook is a GREAT device at a fantastic price.If you do most of your work in the browser already (like I do), you'd be crazy not to grab one of these. I purchased one for myself and one for my wife and she absolutely loves hers as well. The fact it updates automatically so whenever things are improved or bugs are fixed, it happens automatically (without the pesky "Update available" and "You must restart" messages like in Windows) is great, plus the time it takes to boot up/start is crazy fast which is a nice change from my Windows laptop which I turn on and then go and do something else and come back later.
computer|I read the Blog reviews for this Chromebook, and was sold on giving this a try when replacing my outdated and slow netbook. I mainly use my laptop at home and on the road to surf the internet, check email, social networking. I rarely use any computer programs, so I really don't need Windows.When I received the Chromebook, I was very surprised for the price how well built is was, the screen quality, and how easy it is to use. It reminded me how Apple products use to be. They make saving anything you need onto Google Drive (which is in the cloud) super easy. Then you can pull up anything you save on your phone or any other computer. The computer is very fast, the key board is top quality, it is very light, and I have never had a computer turn on so fast.If you are a light computer user who mainly uses the internet, this is definitely 1000% a great value for the money. I had to wait about 2 weeks for mine, and glad I did.
computer|I ordered the Samsung Chromebook and it is everything in which I expected and more. Granted it is limited on certain things and downloads that cannot happen. It is still an excellent pick-up for the price of just $249.
computer|My son talked me into buying this because he said it would be great for me because I keep getting viruses on my computer. Took a little getting use to at first, but I just live it. It's compact, light weight and I take it everywhere
computer|Light weight, doesn't get very hot even after being left on for a while, quiet (no loud humming when its on) Its a great option for what I need (email, facebook and surfing the net)
computer|i love it it's the best 240 dollars i spent this year it's small fast and solid i'm actually typing this review on the samsung chromebook right now the only trouble i had with this laptop was &#34;warming up&#34; the touchpad it goes alittle crazy at first but once you've used it for a good 20 minutes it works perfectly fine i love this laptop if you're looking for a low priced yet great laptop look no further samsung chromebook is here :)
computer|I had heard before I bougght this from a mac user that he LOVED it, but he couldn't figure out &#34;where it belonged&#34; in his life/usage. I kind of understood what he was saying - bc it's between a pad and laptop... no memory - so no software but google... I LOVE it too, but now totally get it. It's amazing for internet use, but even though I work online (for a website), I miss not being able to have a crowded messy desktop with everything at my &#34;fingertips&#34;. Have to &#34;dig&#34; online even for your own doc - only downfall...
computer|I bought two of these for my kids aged 8 and 10 so they could play Flash games without taking my MacBook Pro. The older child has also started using Google Drive apps for school reports and presentations as well. One obvious shortcoming I discovered when setting up their accounts is that Google requires that users be 13 years old to get an account so I had to set myself up as admin on each of their devices and then use my birthday when setting up their individual accounts in order to get the free cloud storage for each device (since the free storage is one per account, they had to be the registered users). Google's commercials seemed to advertise a laptop for everyone (including kids) so I'm not sure how I was &#34;supposed&#34; to resolve the issue other than lying about their age (and accepting responsibility for monitoring their internet usage). The Chromebooks are plastic and not as solid as a unibody MBP, as you might expect - picking one up by the front corner while it is open results in the touchpad engaging (due to flex), and some of the keys often get stuck down, but other than these minor faults they are great devices with impressive battery life.
computer|I love this laptop. It is very fast, easy to use, battery life is good, and the screen size is bigger than my Kindle Fire. However I do not use it to create any documents at all so I can not testify to how good it works if you want to use it as a work computer. But it is great for browsing the web, playing games, reading my Kindle books, email, facebook, displaying pictures, etc. I had an old Windows Vista laptop which was incredibly slow so it is nice to have one that operates this fast especially for $250. Also since the screen is bigger than my Kindle Fire I often prefer to use it for e-mail, facebook, reading my Kindle books, etc. It is not as portable as the Kindle Fire but it is very lightweight. If you're looking for an inexpensive laptop for browsing and just fun stuff, I would highly recommend the Samsung Chrome at this great price. Again, I do not know how well it works if you need to use it as a work computer.
computer|Quick start up, had a little problem with mouse. Talk to tech support (english) did a power wash and it works fine now. Had it about three weeks now working great. Runs cool no moving parts.
computer|I'm thinking about buying one. Can't decide if I want to buy this or a tablet. Anyone have an opinion on that comparing the two? And if anyone has installed an SSD please comment. Thanks
computer|This computer was great at the beginning. I just absoluting loved it until it stopped working. I cannot believe that it just would not work or type correctly after only about three months! NOT COOL DUDE!
computer|I love my Samsung Chromebook. It worked great on my recent trip to LA and Vegas. Watched videos in the airport terminals...I had a zillion layovers. Love this product.
computer|The size and convenience are great features of the Samsung Chromebook. I know my husband and I will love using this notebook.
computer|the machine is fantastic. small, compact, fast, etc. not a huge fan of the OS. no home network access is very frustrating. i am currently looking at options for loading a new OS.
computer|The Chromebook is perfect for all things internet-related, Its fast, user-friendly and looks sharp, too. The price was great, too,
computer|Bought this for my 11 year old granddaughter! She was thrilled when she opened it & still is. I would recommend this computer.
computer|I think its good for its use for school note taking and social media. other than that its not even capable of downloading and running google earth.
computer|Considering the price of the chromebooks, there is to much to complain about. While there are several limits on what you can do with the chromebook without wifi, there are still offline apps that can be used like your google drive, google docs and a few others.Pros: Great battery (approx. 7 hours), very lightweight, lots of apps from chrome web store, great for causual use and workCons: Limited offline use (google is working on expanding use!), don't get this if you're a gamer
computer|This chromebook is what is needed for a user who is using Google apps - Docs, picasaweb, slides, sheets etc. Very easy to set up accounts. Authenticates using Google accounts. You can add as many users as you want - each gets their unique space. It is just a browser but most of the work these days are done on a browser. Hangouts - Camera gives very clear image. More useful if using google phone number as we can answer calls within the system. As a user of all these features (have been using GrandCentral phone number before Google bought it), this book compliments my work and hobbies.
computer|Much better than i expected, very easy to use and great for students highly recommend it, has all i need and more
computer|Being a senior citizen I had concerns but needed to replace a 10 year old laptop. Has taken a little time to figure out due to different operating systems but now it is my favorite by far. I like the light weight and 6 to 8 hours of battery time.
computer|My Macbook crashed, so I bought this as a &#34;for now&#34; computer until I can afford another Mac. It's really amazing for how cheap it is. It's extremely fast, which is a huge plus for me. As you probably know by now, it's mostly online and app based, so it's not a good main computer for heavy users. The only problems I've had thus far are getting my WiFi to stick, but that turned out just to be router placement, and I can't watch Netflix yet on my model which is a bummer. But I'd definitely recommend this computer if you're a light user, if you need an &#34;in between&#34; or extra computer.
computer|Fast and furious! This slim little laptop is worth every inexpensive penny. Boots up instantly, opens webpages in a flash. Has tons of "apps" from the Chrome WebStore that make life simple. Unit is light-weight, keyboard is arranged perfectly and the battery life is awesome! Love the fact it's JUST for the internet (not counting the apps you can get, hundreds for free) and there is nothing to slow it down. Store your documents, pictures, music, ebooks, etc on the Cloud. No need to worry about extra storage, although you can use an SD card. No need to worry about viruses and malware, Google has you covered. All in all, a perfect laptop for someone who wants power, speed and versatility.
computer|I have to admit that i did purchase this item on impulse, and i thought that i was going to regret it. But i have to say that this is probably the best money i ever spent on a product. Cannot be any more impressed by a product.
computer|great product, and great price, beats more expensive laptops, on the market, will definately buy more when the time comes
computer|It's fine overall, good battery life, I get close to six hours running it wide open. It's not a computer and there are things that I wanted it to do and it won't. The machine will not run .exe files so it puts a lot of online games out of your reach. Other than google apps, the selection of apps is very small. Yet it does fine with basic typing and the like. It's fast to boot up and so far it has only crashed a couple of times. It runs warmer than I was led to believe. Not nearly as hot as a lap top but it does produce some heat. It's got a very solid feel to it, the key board is excellent and as I said it fills most of my everyday needs quickly and smoothly. I think it was well worth the money. So if you are thinking about a &#34;computer lite&#34; device, I think this one will do well for you!
computer|I had heard good things about the Chromebook both online and through several friends, and I have been a huge fan of Samsung as I love my Galaxy 10.1 tablet. The Chromebook was delivered to work, and I immediately unpacked it, plugged it in and started using it on my project. Set-up was a breeze, and it connected easily to the network. Lightweight, attractive, and well built - it was immediately impressive. The only down-side is it wants a wifi network to do anything; in my case, that is no problem at all. I use SSH (from app store (and free) and browser daily. Also several favorite games were also in the app store.If you are looking for near-laptop functionality and much lower cost, take a look at the Chromebook.
computer|This computer is essentially a tablet alternative. I have my larger computer that I use for business but it is pain to lug out and wait for it to load up and whatnot. The Chromebook is super light and is so thin it can sit on top of your magazines on the coffee table. If you need to quickly look something up it's very convenient to simply grab the computer, which loads incredibly fast, and quickly perform a task on the internet. As I said, it's a tablet alternative. It could never be your main computer. Google Docs is a poor substitute for Microsoft Office. Also, although the computer has apps there are plenty of internet-based programs that are incompatible with it. I use westlaw training videos and they're simply incompatible with the system. Netflix is also incompatible despite the fact that google has an app for Netflix (why?). You hit the "app" and it takes you to the website where it tells you that chromebook doesn't support their streaming videos. What else? The audio is absolutely terrible.Okay so there all these problems, but I still gave the product a 4. Why? Nothing beats the convenience of sitting on your couch and just reaching over and grabbing this little thing. You can't beat the speed and it's great for casual browsing and social networking.
computer|I've never been so impressed by a computer. It is easy to start up and doesn't take long until I'm on the internet. It is really easy to just hop on and do things online. I always have an internet connection so I've not had a problem yet of not having the internet. The web store also has a lot of programs that can function like programs on the computer.Overall I'm satisfied with this purchase.
computer|Bought this for my girlfriend, and I'm kind of wishing I'd bought one for myself as well! Boots fast, handles multiple tasks without issue. She's totally linked through Google, so in about 30 minutes, her Chromebook was synced with all her info.Great deal, great buy!
computer|i love this chromebook so much the person who bought it for me like it so much i bought one for him easy to use.
computer|ookthe cromebook is much more capable than I expected. E-mail capability is great and e-print is fantastic. google search works as expected. love it. love it,
computer|This is lightweight, fast and for the price a great deal. The construction looks nice but does feel somewhat cheap, due to the plastic, but that is not a negative; the plastic keeps it light and probably allows for the low price. One significant problem that I have run into, however, is that almost every time I shut the lid or stop using it for a few minutes, it hangs and will not wake up without me having to reboot. I'm not sure if this is a software glitch or a hardware issue, so I may have to return it. Also, it's not clear whether or not USB optical drives can be used with it.
computer|I love it. Its fast, easy to use , variety of free apps , small and light to fit in my back pack ...
computer|I bought this as a present for my son to edit Google Docs and browse the web. I bought the 3G version ($80 extra) so he could access even when away from WiFi. Amazing value for the money (I got it for $329 before Amazon raised the prices).Found it it works with Flash sites (like hulu.com, abc.com and some gaming sites as well). I don't know how Samsung/Google did this (I thought Flash support was dead for ARM processors?).Highly recommended.
computer|My 7th grader convinced me to buy this Chromebook, and it is indeed the best tool for anyone who just needs to use the web. It is a fantastic laptop at a very low price! My son uses it to study, do his research, his emails, and doesn't waste any time with games or movies... He uses his time very productively. Highly recommend!
computer|I love my new chrome book. It's super fast and easy to learn. All the cool apps are so easy to get
computer|highly recommend this ultralight ultrabook. all components and apps work as expected, better than expected. no maintenance no heat no fan no wires no worries. for $249 it is unbeatable!
computer|Im a college student and was looking for a cheap new laptop. I saw this and thought id give it a try. I ordered it 2 days ago and and it came today. The company shipped it so quickly!! I opened it up and started to use it, there was no downloading software or waiting for a start up. It's great. The only thinking that is a little hard is getting used to the placement of the backspace button. Other than that, its great!!
computer|This computer is an internet box.For most computer users, that is completely sufficient. You have access to email, social media, Google's in-browser office suite (which, for the most part, is highly compatible with the more-familiar Microsoft Office), and the rest of Google's plethora of web applications.You have all of your data always backed up on Google Drive, so you never have to worry about losing a file during a crash. You can even even access your files anywhere you can get online to enter your Google username and password.The keyboard is absolutely fantastic with its intuitive shortcuts on the top row.
computer|I order this laptop for my daughter to use as a secondary computer for College. Her original laptop is too heavy to carry around campus. What I Iiked most about the chromebook is its lightweight and fast speed.If what you want is a simple computer for internet browsing, this the one for you!! and the price is unbelievable too! Very happy with my purchase.
computer|I bought this for my father who is in his 80's. He uses computer primarily for web & email and I like the simplicity of the product. The only difficulty is setting up the printing. and once that was done, he's had little difficulty. He did comment that the screen is a bit small for his eyes, but we figured out how to increase the font size.I like this product that I ordered another one for my home. My wife's laptop is old and needs replacing and for her uses, I think this will be perfect.
computer|The construction is a little fragile, however, I don't forsee any issues as long as we are careful. For our purposes (browsing and basic spreadsheets), this machine is excellent at the $249 price point. It is super responsive, set-up is minimal and it never leaves you waiting. The switch to cloud based computing has been refreshing...no more updates.Love it...considering getting a second one for myself, but my ipad2 still meets my needs (google spreadsheets seems better than apple's numbers program)..
computer|My 15 year old is inseperable from this laptop. I was concerned, thinking perhaps she would not be able to do projects on here, but the word-like program is perfect for her homework.
computer|Great laptop for a student! Extremely user friendly, cannot get viruses, immediate start up every time, great apps, the only downfall that I can find is there is no &#34;right click&#34; option. You could not ask for a better laptop in this price range.
computer|Let me start bt saying that Chromebook isn't for everyone - - yet. My teenage daughter migrated from usually borrowing her Mom's MacBook to using her own Chromebook. But the biggest point in all that is that at $250 each, it's much easier to afford a Chromebook for each child.Yes, there are a few things we have to work around, and the platform works best if you succumb to the whole Google cloud-based life. But now when she goes to a friend's or to Starbucks to stidy or whatever, she has a light, inexpensive platform that competently handles 95% of what she spent time doing on her Mom's Mac at 1/4 the initial cost.
computer|I am getting the hang of it by now. It is a great notebook. It is slim, easy to carry, read and use.
computer|Wonderful laptop!!! I have managed to replace my Windows 7 work laptop with this tiny machine. Only face several hurdles in the workplace as follows:1) Hard to connect to old printers and scanners2) Google Docs, Sheets and Slides still lacking some functionalityHope Google continues to update Chrome OS to solve these shortcomings!
computer|This a great alternate laptop great for taking out and seems to fit bill for something more than tablet and less than a real laptop and as long as you have some other computer somewhere this is fine
computer|Excellent product for the price. Light, sleak, fast, hassle-free -------. Google has again lived up to its reputation. I guess the only changes it could make for a few more bucks are: (1) Louder audio speakers, (2) better display.
computer|ChromebookIt is fast enough for my main use which is surfing the net and watching movies online. One bonus is that i don't have to worry about virus.
computer|Great little laptop with way more bells and whistles than you would expect for he price. My kids love the voice recognition searches.
computer|It works well if you don't need it to do other word processing besides Google Docs. Also can't play games or download different apps. Good for surfing the web
computer|did exactly what it was needed forgreat product .price was the same as everywhere elsecouldn't beat the fact that I didn't have to leave my house for it
computer|Teenage son bought this , great value, ideal for web surfing , but is used for homework , using apps. Fast, lightweight & easy to set up & use
computer|This is a good piece of technology. I like the way the Chrome OS works. Quick device, boots in seconds. Every once and again the system will freeze and crash causing a reboot but I'm sure it'll be fixed come the next update.
computer|It is the perfect computer, lightweight and not big and bulky. Had to change the font size to make reading easier.
computer|I mostly use this computer when I travel. It is incredibly light and easy to tote. The picture quality is amazing. The computing speed is fine for my purposes. My only complaint? It does not take Magic Jack. For trips requiring my American phone line via Magic Jack, a bigger computer is needed.
computer|Great gift for someone who just wants to do games, Facebook, etc....so far we are totally pleased with the product & especially the reasonable price........
computer|I'd *definitely* recommend the chromebook! Super easy to use seconds after opening the box. Chrome Web Store has a zillion free apps that I've already taken advantage of. I can also download some things to the Chrome book which I didn't expect to be able to do. (I thought all files had to go immediately to my Google Drive but they don't.) Amazing power and portability for a super price.The only thing I've been unsatisfied with is that the computer will occasionally reboot itself (which only takes a couple of seconds) randomly as far as I can tell. But since I have Chrome settings set to &#34;when starting continue where I left off&#34;, I go right back to what I was doing.
computer|This is a great product. I was not expecting that it was so light and powerful. It's easy to set up. Great start computer for the one who has no idea how the work a computer! No cd/DVD/blu-ray, but i think that's a waste of space with everything being cloud base:-)
computer|It was the right size. Didn't want one too large. Using for internet mail and searches. Perfect. I'd recommend it highly
computer|It's not a full-fledge notebook but that's not why you get it. If you want to surf the web and a tablet isn't quite cutting it for you, this Chromebook is the way to go. Two-finger scrolling seals the deal.
computer|We got out 16 year old son the Chromebook for Christmas. He opened the box, turned it on, and was up and going in about 2 minutes. Our school district used GoogleDrive so he was able to get to all of his school work easily. I know others say Netflix isn't working, but it does on his Chromebook. He watched movies all night just this weekend. It came right up when he logged in. He loves that it is lightweight and he can take it to school in his backpack. We have heard no complaints about the actual computer, but a few about our wireless, which he figured out on his own and fixed. We purchased this Chromebook for him to be able to type papers and do research in his room or other places that you just can't take a desktop. He still uses the desktop for his gaming, but has done all of his school papers and research on the Chromebook. I can not review this myself, as I have not even been able to log into it as a guest because he is always on it. We are going to purchase a second, maybe the Acer model for his little brother.
computer|This was my first chromebook purchase. I am thrilled with it. It has replaced a windows notebook as my business travel companion. I love having the 3G as a backup when wifi is not available. The quick startup, multiple user accounts and light weight make this machine ideal.DG
computer|For the price, this thing can't be beat. I've been taking it to class this semester and it's a joy. If I'm late to class, it's no worry because right when I sit down and open the chromebook, I'm on google docs writing notes in seconds.I love how light it is and I really like the keyboard. I feel like I'm typing faster.I recommend getting a case for it because the week or so I put it in my book bag without a case it got some scratches.I think the aspect that causes me the most trouble is the track pad. I wish the track pad were easier to push down to click, but other than that, it's alright. My dell laptop had separate buttons below the track pad that were really easy to press, so I'm still accustomed to that. Sometimes the tap to click(as opposed to pressing down all the way) doesn't seem as responsive as it could be. Two finger scroll is amazing though. My old laptop didn't have that feature and I had no idea what I was missing.My old laptop had a glossy screen, so it took me a while to adjust to the matte screen. Now it seems normal to me.I love this laptop. I already used Google Drive for everything before I got it, so I didn't have to adjust to that.If you just need a laptop to write notes and papers, browse the web, listen to music, watch videos, etc, then this laptop is perfect for you.
computer|This turned out to be the perfect machine for our family: there is zero maintenance and our kids can do everything they need to do for school. Our school already uses Google Apps which allows them to access all their documents by logging in with their school account.Surprisingly, I found the Chromebook also useful for my own work. I am using ChromeRDP to login to my work's Windows server and for word processing etc. I am using Google Docs which has worked very well. Offline capabilities are excellent, too, by now.
computer|The super-quick booting and easy to use Chromebook is great for users with the appropriate Google account who need a full keypad and bigger screen for email and web browsing. My tablet just doesn't cut it for those two things.If you've used the Chrome or Chromium browser on other machines, you'll pick right up on using this machine right out of the box. Otherwise, a slight learning curve will be necessary to get used to it, but for 80+ percent of what I do on a laptop, it's perfect. Small and easy to tote around.Be advised the processor is not world class, nor is the video display - watching movies or other videos on a tablet is nicer, but the cost versus the function makes it a great deal.
computer|I got this for my son for Christmas and he absolutely loves it. At $249.00 it is not at all expensive. I spent more than that on a hard drive for him not too many years ago. After a little less than a month he has portioned the hard drive and installed Linux on the other half, It's amazing how fast it dual boots with both operating systems on the built in SSD. He continues to rave about all the support that is available online from the original Google programmers and the rapidly growing customer base. I would highly recommend it to anyone that likes to play with one of the least expensive yet highly customizable hi-tech toys.
computer|I bought this and fall in love soon as I started to use it. Very fast, good quality and long battery.
computer|Very light weight.Perfect for travel and fast! . .Not the best display but HDMI out is very convenient .
computer|Great, fabulous! Exceeded our expectations. She uses it all the time. So light weight and portable. Pleased to own it.
computer|After a little over a week of the chromebook use, we are very happy with it. The battery lasts more than 6 to 7 hours. The keypad is easy to use. It is very lightweight and does not get hot on your lap while using it. We do not use it for gaming, just email, browsing research and youtube videos. The only bad thing is that it currently does not support Netflix. Something is in the works to get it up to date, though.
computer|This was a xmas present for my husband. He said it is simple to use once you get used to it.
computer|I really like my new Samsung Chromebook except for the fact that you cannot play some games on it. Like for instance Farmville 2 will not load on it. I even went to Zynga, who makes the game for help & no matter what they tell me to do, it still will not load. There are a couple other games that will not load either. :( I bought this for the convenience of having a 2nd computer in order to play games. Other than that, I can send emails & surf the net just fine. Wondering if anyone else has the issue with games?
computer|I really like this product it is very simple to use and kinda fast. The style of this Chromebook looks very nice and simple. The only problem is that it can't open some files like Adobe Reader or Java.
computer|I bought this as a second computer primarily for my wife who is computer averse, but she is really enjoying it. It has preformed so far as advertised and as being easy to use. We have yet to put it to the acid test.
computer|Bought this as a christmas gift it got here early. Extreme props for Amazon you guys are the best. The chromebook is fast and easy to use. only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because so far you can't add anything to the desktop almost everything is Internet based. Still all in all she has not even picked up her old heavy loud laptop. chromebook+amazon= Priceless : )
computer|This is a great product for a casual Internet browsing user. Nothing super fancy; just the basics. I call it "a tablet in laptop form".
computer|The chromebook is exactly as advertised. A web based, cloud storage system. The only downside Ive experienced so far would have to be the lack of support from a few of my major android app makers. Google hasnt worked out a deal w/ Netflix yet, along w/ very popular android games and productivity apps. No ESPN fantasy football, Fifth Third bank, etc. So I just end up going online instead of to an app. BRING NETFLIX!!!!
computer|Based on an Amazon review, I purchased the Chromebook for my computer illiterate 84-year-old mother....and she's doing remarkably well with it! The 'help' available for the Chromebook is very complete, and set up was instantaneous! I've used the 'Ninja' help twice, and they answered my emails very quickly, and provided the information needed in the response!The Chromebook is a quick, fun little machine...my mom loves being able to 'talk' to Google when searching!The only complaint I have is the missing 'delete' button...but that's only because I'm used to using a delete button. My mom doesn't know the difference...she's learning to use the 'backspace' button.
computer|Bought for my son who is 13 and its perfect for him. Very light, compact and easy to use. Quality seems good so far
computer|The minimalism design of this simple product takes a little time to get acclimated to. It does one thing extremely well: web browsing. It is perfect for someone who needs a zero maintenance device to surf web pages, or for an IT professional. I think that in a few more releases, Chrome OS will be more consumer friendly; it isn't finished/ready for a non-techie. But in a year I'll probably buy these for the whole family - not as an all-in-one solution, but as a device specialized for web browsing. That's a good thing at this weight and price!
computer|The quality of this little jewel exceeds my expectations. The build is better than many more expensive laptops. After having many laptops in my life, there is something to the &#34;feel&#34; of it that I really appreciate. I think it is a gem.
computer|Just what my grandson wanted. Thanks for the quick shipment. Thanks so much for your response to my request. He has enjoyed it.
computer|Its a bit different, but I am showing the wife how to use it. Still need a mouse, I guess I we are little old school. Not all will work, must be Samsung or Chrome.
computer|Shortly:Pros:Cheap, Good Quality, light, long battery duration, you can buy 4 of these with the price of one Mac Air!Simple Operating system get to do most of what you do: even downloading music and editing mp3s (yes there are apps for that!). works well with external devices (Hard disks, Android phones).Cons:try to open less tabs (reloads old tabs).Chrome OS helps you doing most of what you do but not all of it: no skype, no exe applications.
computer|One of the better of the new generation of netbooks. Compact[ 11.6" screen, light, very easy to carry. Excellent .choice as a backup computer. Fast, clean setup and very easy to use. Now for the bad news--- if you plan to stream videos or use it as an e-reader, you might want to search elsewhere as the screen does not offer the sharpest picture that I have seen, and it is also necessary to tilt this chromebook in order to get the best viewing angle. Another thought; at $249, this was a great deal. I see now where the retail price is slowly creeping above $300. Might want to think about that, as there are some pretty good items out there in this price range.
computer|Excellent product for the cost, performs well, and &#34;just works&#34;. Just wish the screen was a lot better, the quality and resolution are poor. It's good enough for most web browsing though.
computer|I can't figure out how to get to the &#34;properties&#34; of the computer and I don't like being told how many characters to voluntarily submit
computer|holds a decent charge and does what I need it for. I use it while watching tv to surf the webb.
computer|I would highly recommend this chromebook, for anyone. I am able to do everything I want to do with this machine and more..
computer|The Chromebook is a wonderfully light and perfect travel companion, great for mostly web surfers that may or may not take advantage of the numerous available extras.
computer|a very good product. Very good for a good price. affordable, and standard, and durable. Great look and great price
computer|I bought a chromebook for my daughter for Christmas and now I am seriously considering getting one for myself. If you are most of the time in a wi fi equipped environment it will do almost anything a laptop does at a fraction of the price. It is fast, and the Chrome Web store has a respectable array of apps -- there could be more and bigger brand names but I imagine those will come if this product takes off. Highly recommended!
computer|I think that the lack of ability to install some windows programs is a negative and Netflix is still not supported so that's a drag. We knew that going into it though. He can get on social media and do schoolwork on it, Drive just doesn't capitalize for him so I give it 5 stars.
computer|Google has a really great product with their chromebook. Easy access to the web and email while keeping all your files in the cloud.
computer|I love this chromebook!! Makes it so easy when I travel to access the internet without the bulk of a bigger pc but more than a Ipad!!
computer|My husband bought one for himself. I have been an avid Google user for many years. This product is amazing. I love the fact that I never have to do updates. The speed of connection has NOT slowed down at all. If you only surf the net, this is the computer for you!
computer|This was the perfect choice for our daughter! Not as expensive as regular laptop... but all the options that a teenager want!
computer|I love this Chromebook. It feels like I am using a 'real' laptop in a tablet format. I am in charge of technology at our school - when we went to our 1:1 program I did a significant amount of research and could not find anything that convinced me the iPad or tablet was the way we should go - so we went with laptops. I seriously am considering going to the Chromebook for the next school year. It is lightweight, comes on immediately upon opening the lid and very easy to use.With that said - I have had one minor problem. Took it to my son's over the holiday and had some website loading problems. Google related pages came in just fine - some out of the network sites were very slow coming in and some would not load at all. I'm 98% sure it was a firewall on his server - as soon as I got home everything loaded very fast with no problems.
computer|There has been a lot written about the Chromebook, so I will just add somethings which may not obvious. First the built-in storage is small. This is not a problem if you use the Cloud for apps, programs, files, etc. But to take the Chomebook away on a flight or to a remote location with internet you can use the external SD card port for storage of movies, TV, and music. The card does protrude from the port a small amount and may interfere with a case. Not a problem, just an observation.This is great device and performs very well. Love it for business and personal.
computer|My wife just bought a Windows 8 laptop, and it is a nightmare. Virtually every update screws something up. That's just one reason I love my Samsung Chromebook. It's not Windows. It takes no time to load; just open the top and its ready to go. It's light and very portable. The keyboard is fantastic. The apps are good. The updates, unlike Windows, are invisible to me and don't cause any problems.I have only two minor complaints, neither of which is serious enough to knock my rating down to four stars. First, the screen resolution, compared to my Dell desktop and my Kindle Fire, is not that great. Second, occasionally, I can't access any online service, Google, for example. When that happens, I have to shut down and restart. It's a minor annoyance.Overall, for the price, you can't beat this neat little product
computer|I am old enough to remember those computer terminals that sat on people's desks and only worked because they were connected by a wire to another remote machine that actually ran the application software. I think we called them dumb terminals? Who would have thought that so many years later we would be using something very similar, only wireless, and be liking it.Well I actually do like this Chromebook (and I was one of those people snickering at them a couple years ago, wondering....who would buy one of these?). Since the price has dropped, and my computer needs have shifted (like those of many people), I actually find myself using this as much or more than my desktop or Ipad. True, it doesn't do everything, and if you only have the luxury of buying one type of computerish gizmo, then this might not be what you want. But when I am sitting in my living room, and need to get on the internet, or get to a document on Google Drive (which is sort of assumed you have or will want to have with a this thing), I have a tendency to reach for this Chromebook, rather than my Ipad. Maybe it's because I'm less worried about dropping it or scratching it, or because it has a real keyboard?The build quality of the device won't win any awards. The plastic squeaks and bends a little. The keyboard is pretty good. The screen and track pad are just ok. But this low price for something that I will actually use regularly?.....I'll take it.....and I hear they will only get cheaper!
computer|Bought for my wife and she loves it. Only issue is that it is having trouble connecting to Verizon to setup.
computer|So light weight, easy to use, everything in the cloud. It's not your typical computer, more of an internet appliance. My first chromebook was the Series 5, (which I dropped and broke and missed). It was good - but this is a world better! The operating system just keeps improving. - if you have a doubt about page you have visited - just reboot - as Chromebooks use a verified boot for security so malware payloads don't make into memory! It's a great machine.
computer|I really like the Chromebook idea and I'm very pleased with the boot up time, etc. I'm a tad disappointed that Netflix and some other sites don't work or support the Chrome browser in the Chromebook. I've noticed that the Chrome browser in Windows works on many pages that my Chromebook won't work on. Fortunately, there aren't too many sites that have this problem, but site may be essential for some folks. For example, my kids want to use it for school (and actually do use it for school) but some of the school's and educational websites require Internet Explorer. There are extensions and plugins that allow one to work around this in the Chrome browser on a Windows PC but they don't work on the Chromebook.
computer|Wow. SO it's a laptop form with the processor of some new cell phones these days. Loads all of the websites flawlessly. Keyboard is exceptional almost the same feel as my current mac keyboard. Battery life is impressive I get about 6 hours with streaming music and surfing together. The remote desktop app allows me to log into my work computers easily and effectively, so I don't miss that I don't have actual word on this computer. Google docs still needs some work with the formatting when you go to print. I wish the spell check worked a little better I can't seem to right click on the misspelled word to fix the mistake.Form is pretty nice really light good build quality for the price. The monitor is really inexpensive (cheap, doesn't have a wide viewing angle) but for actually doing work and typing it's clear enough. I also can't believe that this thing streams movies (amazon prime) so well even in hd. On the surface storage seems small for the computer but there really isn't anything that you actually download so I don't think it will really be a factor.OS is a little unusual but it works just fine.Not bad for a emailing machine, which is just what I bought it for.
computer|He was shocked that I found it before the holiday. He was in shock and I am happy that he is enjoying it. He was spending time to get to know everything about it.
computer|love this. bought my son a chromebook and liked it so much I bought one for myself too. light, easy, great wi fi, mac knock off? almost s good as my mac but just for internet, trading, etc. great deal
computer|I bought this computer for my wife for Christmas and it is everything she and I hoped. If you are just interested in having something to surf the web, share pictures and blog then this is ideal. Great battery life and does not get warm on your lap.
computer|Overall, this product is spectacular!!! BUT! There are also some downfalls. One that gets really annoying is how when the laptop is below 50% of battery, YouTube starts to slow down and has to buffer a TREMENDOUS amount of time. Like i said early this laptop is very impressive with the options and how it is set up! Kudos to google for topping there old chromebook!!! I highly recommend it!!!
computer|This unit represents what most users really need. Cheap, fast, solid, good battery, nice feel. I would recommend this unit to anyone.There is only one problem with the Chrome OS. No printing. Google wants you to use Google print which needs a Google Print Server. One is included with the Chrome browser but you need to keep another PC one to use it. Not very practical if this is going to be only PC in the house.What is needed is a small Google print server appliance sitting on the local network. The Rasberry PI crew is working on this. There are also new printers with the Google print server installed, but it doesn't help people who already own printers.
computer|I gave the Chromebook to my husband as a Christmas gift, and he loved it. He uses it primarily for surfing the web, checking email, and streaming videos. I was a little surprised at how tough it is, considering how small and thin it is. But within 3 weeks, my husband had already spilled a drink on it, and it wasn't damaged at all.It's fast, has good battery life, and is a great alternative to a tablet. The keyboard is easy to use, and the speakers are louder than I expected. There's no CD or DVD drive, but the other media ports make up for it. If I didn't already have a tablet, I would get one of these for myself.
computer|I purchased this as a gift for my parents and have to say the straightforwardness of this product made my parents adapt to the Chromebook easily. I love how fast the chromebook boots up and makes web surfing fast and intuitive.
computer|Lots of utility for this product. Easy to use. HDMI port makes connection to TV simple. It is getting much use.
computer|Very pleased with the product. The process for purchase and delivery was smooth. The chromebook is everything as advertised. It is very compact,lightweight and easy to use. Very limited storage capacity but works well. I really liked the price, its a great deal.
computer|This was a gift for my son who is going to use it at College. Everything he expected and is very happy with the Samsung Chromebook. Very light, boots up and shuts down quickly.
computer|Exactly what we expected. Great size, light weight, enables daughter to access web sites and applications used by her teachers. She is allowed to use it in the classroom for note taking, completing homework. Same operating system as her phone for continuity of user interfaces. $249, no tax, no shipping. We did not get it in time for Christmas, but Amazon alerted me to the fact that the item would not arrive by the holiday. She got a picture of the item in her stocking and she was thrilled.
computer|There's a lot to like about this unit. PROS: It's lightweight. Setup (from opening the box to getting online) is minutes (at most). The screen is beautiful. Once set up (with your Chrome account), there are lots of settings and using the unit is simple. The thing is FAST! From power-up to getting online is maybe 20 seconds, except for one thorny issue I have, for which I have already contacted Samsung. Which brings me to the CONS: You MUST (and there's no way around this) sign into your Chrome account EVERY time you boot this machine. This almost prompted me to send it back. The password must be 8 characters, which is even more annoying. If I'm the only user, why do I need to log in and out? Even if you check &#34;Keep Logged In&#34; on your regular Chrome account, you'll have to login every time here. No saving passwords, either. Stupid. Archaic. This alone almost made me send the thing back. After multiple steps, the help menu and poring over the ADVANCED setup (it's not at all like Windows), I was finally able to set my default web page to Google on startup. The Chrome default page requires more clicks to get there every time. Additionally, to place the HOME button in the browser you have to again find the appropriate (and well hidden) settings menu. Once set up (and I hope it never loses its settings), it was fine. The power plug is EXTREMELY small and tight-fitting. I wonder if one good bump on the rear will break it? Time will tell...In actual use, there's more to like (love): Startup and shutdown is a single-button breeze. Connection to my DSL is fast. You can set up any network and allow automatic connecting (storing your password/WEP key). The keypad is large. A row of dedicated &#34;function&#34; keys above the number keys makes adjustments of volume, brightness and more pretty simple. After charging, the battery shows 6.5 hours of remaining time. This is great for me - if it really lasts that long (time will tell). Opening the lid automatically boots the machine to save even more time. Unlike with Windows, there are no adjustments (that I have found) for screen timeout/dimming, telling the machine what to do when you open/close the lid or hit the power button. It's simple and straightforward - which essentially was what I wanted, though a bit more customizing would be preferable). Inserting an SD card quickly opened a window of its contents. When initially setting up the unit (or going back later), you can use the built-in webcam to snap your picture or load another as a login profile picture. You can set up many Apps within Chrome and download anything you like to the desktop. Font sizes are adjustable and in many ways like within Windows/IE. There is no delete key, only a backspace key. Odd. Menus are somewhat different than within Windows, but as long as things are there, I'll find them, so I have no major complaints about that. All web pages and Apps I tested loaded faster than either of my PCs with XP or Vista (but then anything is faster than those operating systems), but I say this as a comparative: this Samsung unit overall is very fast, opens and scrolls pages quickly, plays YouTube videos very well and though a bit quirky and limited, setting up the browser is simple. Saving web pages (bookmarking) doesn't provide a traditional Favorites List, but maybe I just haven't figured out how to display it? To be fair, I haven't used Chrome until now, and I'm not a huge fan, but it works. I bought this thing for internet only - no Apps. Oh, and the native GMail pops up in a flash. When I called Samsung for support I got to a knowledgeable (English speaking!) guy in minutes, which was refreshing.Overall, I like it and maybe with a some future software updates, I'll learn to love it. I wold recommend it to anyone looking for a FAST machine that will NOT get viruses (according to Samsung, since there's no OS). If you are afraid of computers but want or need internet and email, this machine is a great choice and is priced right (I paid $249.00 on Amazon).
computer|This was a perfect purchase for my 9 and 10 year old boys. They are a great size for them. I have played on it a bit as well. With the Chrome OS, it is fast! It loads up everything within about 7 seconds, and closing it down takes a single second. It is very different relying on being online for everything, but it is easy and forces you to realize the needless dependence we have on programs like Microsoft Office, etc.I would love to see more programs available as apps through the Chrome Web Store, and until then, I can't get rid of my personal laptop, but for kids it works well. I also use cloud printing for them which is easy to set up with a newer printer.I do wish Google would allow a 'kids profile' setup for parents to better manage everything and allow them limited access to Google products, but that is certainly not an issue that I have this Samsung Chromebook. This Chromebook was a tremendous buy. It was frustrating that Amazon only allowed users to purchase a single one, as I have three children I wanted to give them to. I was able to purchase another through my wife's account, but we are still trying to find a third.
computer|I really enjoy my Chromebook. It starts up quickly, is intuitive to use, and--if you are a Google user--seamless with other services, such as Gmail, etc. At $249 and with no software to install or maintain, this is the beginning of the era of no-hassle computing. I wouldn't recommend this computer for users who have applications that require a Windows OS.
computer|I got this for my girlfriend and it does everything she needs a computer for, and it works quickly and easily for her. She hasnt had any issues or any confusion on how to do anything. When you hold it it feels like a nice product, i would definitely recommend this to anyone who just needs a computer for browsing the web, word processing, and simple spreadsheets.
computer|It came on the expected day and was ready for use right there and than. The product is also very rewarding for its price. Limited in versatility it takes some time to get used to its functions, but after that there are almost no restrictions compared to a normal computer
computer|We purchased this item for our teenage daughter and she absolutely loves it! It is so easy to use and very quick on start-up. We highly recommend this product!
computer|Great price. Great laptop. Definitely a must have!!!!! Bought it for my 13 yr old daughter and she loves it. It is a great laptop for a first time owner.
computer|Pros: Very easy to use, great solid keyboard, a few keys missing compared to a full keyboard but combo-keys easily fix that (example, no delete key, but alt-backspace works as delete), can do all my non-business day-to-day things on my chromebook. I easily sync using GoogleDrive, Dropbox, SkyDrive and Evernote, so I have just about immediate access to all the files I need anytime as long as I'm connected to a network. Ability to put into full-screen mode using [shift + screen] buttons to maximize viewing space and that works pretty well. No moving parts so it should be more durable and battery lasts longer - I think this laptop is better than the cheaper Acer chromebook, which has a spinning hard disk. Battery life is fantastic, it's lightweight, doesn't get hot, and I can use the small solid state hard drive to download/upload files between my accounts.Cons: Audio is poor, viewing the screen from an angle (from sides or above/below) is not great, and the hinge in the back prevents the screen from tilting back more than 45% (which is only an issue because of the usable viewing screen angle). Can't print using USB connections, instead have to use network printer (not an issue for me, but might be for some). Can't replace my business laptop because Microsoft Office applications (powerpoint and excel for me) have no good online equivalent - online version of Office is limited and far too slow (although I can view any Office document using SkyDrive, which is nice since Google sheets and slides can't always render the images well).Overall, I think this is a great product that fills a niche use for me - everyday use at home and going out to a cafe to work. It's definitely a value play and can't deliver on all the features I need for business, but they don't market it as such anyway. I never use this without being on a network, so I can't comment on its offline utility. I'd buy this again in a second.
computer|I received my Chromebook quicker that was told, so I was very happy about that. I'm going to order the book on it so I can become more familiar with it. I was wondering, that did it come with a CD&#60; or DVD? There wasn't one in my box. Could you check into this matter? Thank you.
computer|I am very, very happy with my Samsung Google Chromebook. It is fast, lightweight, cool, and stylish. For surfing the Internet it has everything I need. I highly recommend it!
computer|I bought the Samsung Chromebook out of curiosity and a sense the Google was on to something with this totally web-based environment. I bought it to replace my outdated Mac Mini as a second computer. The Chromebook works pretty much as advertised. Boots quickly. Plenty of free apps available. The screen is small and sometimes hard to see. The touchpad is sometimes a little too sensitive and it could use more USB ports and an Ethernet port. I've experienced a few weird crashes on a tab but nothing serious. The spreadsheet program will not open Excel files with an xlsm extension. Overall, I'm sold on Google's concept and a bought one for my son who is in college.
computer|works perfect for now. simple. fast. light. plastic is kind of thin but does the trick for me here@ woo
computer|This is an unbelievable value. The matte screen is great, it is super light and with the right Chrome extensions, you can impersonate nearly any browser (useful for work OWA). I find myself just traveling with this and my iPad (which I setup as a hotspot)Having a nice, physical keyboard is a huge bonus too, especially when banging out long emails or notes. Google integration is well done, and since I have owned it, Google has pushed out 3 ChromeOS updates.Definitely worth the money.
computer|This fits the needs for my 11 year old; You Tube, school papers and research. Very secure and the OS is always current.Check out any review, it is a must for any family. Price is perfect.
computer|Fun little Chromebook. It does not get hot and it weighs almost nothing. The apps will let you do about anything a laptop will allow.
computer|It's sleek, fast, thin, and has two USB, one HDMI, and an SD slot. It's perfect for those who can work off of a cloud service. I would buy four of these before I bough a Mac Book Air.
computer|The chromebook meets all my expections. Easy to use, lightweight, great battery time and very easy to learn. Perfect for travel the key board is an added plus, so glad I went with it over the tablet..
computer|To start off I got the laptop and it works great. Start up toke about 15 minutes and I could use it just fine. It has similar programs to Word and Excel that you can even save to the Windows format. That being said it does not run a single Windows related programs like some Facebook games and some other things on the internet. But if you just want an easy to use laptop, that doesn't cost a lot. This is the laptop for you.
computer|great price, loads fast, incredibly portable, awesome design. I would highly recommend to anyone looking for a new laptop. A+++
computer|I have this at home to save me carting my MacBook Pro to and fro. It does everything I need - Google Sites, Docs, YouTube - I could manage with only this I think... Great affordable back-up.
computer|The Chromebook is a joy to use; well-built and very functional, it is the future of computing, the open answer to the closed over-priced, under-performing fashion accessories from Apple.
computer|If you are used to attaching a photo in your g-mail or sending an email with a photo from Picasa you will find this almost impossible on chromebook with Picasa Web or Google +. I can't even find a good answer for how to do this. Seems unlike Picasa,(not available on chromebook) Google+ & Picasa Web are only designed to share photos easily in Google + circles. I really hate this, Picasa on my old PC was incredibly easy & intuitive. Some work needs to be done here. Since I do not use the social network of Google+ and communicate mostly through email this is a real problem. Had I known this, I would not have bought this type of PC.
computer|I love how quickly this computer starts up and is ready to go. Its very light weight and can be used anywhere.
computer|I just can't seem to make the switch to a tablet. The chrome book is perfect for travel and light use.
computer|This is a good, light weight, extra laptop. It won't replace a more robust machine as your workhorse... feels plastic-y and fragile. The track pad is sticky, as are the keys, and the display could be brighter. Sound is barely audible. That being said, for $250 nothing else comes close to the functionality if email, web surfing, streaming video and portability are your main needs. Google's array of cloud apps give the typical user all they need for creating word docs, spread sheets, photo archives, etc. I bought this for my wife for email and to connect to the TV in place of a ROKU Box or Apple TV. She's pleased, so I'm happy!
computer|Exactly what it says, know what you're buying. Great product. Fast, portable, powerful. Decent battery life ~6 hours. Sleek design but plastic. Still pretty good quality construction
computer|Great computer, great price, works great! Has a web cam and is light and setup was easy. Good computer for the price.
computer|This is an amazing device, especially for the price. It is perfect for general web browsing/online videos/checking email/etc. It can be used for some productivity work via Google Docs. As such, it has replaced our home desktop for 90% of our needs. The only time the big rig gets fired up is for storing family photos/videos, for record keeping, and for heavy MS Office stuff. I can boot my Chromebook up, check my emails, and power down in the same time it takes for our desktop to fully boot/login (the Chromebook boots in around 5 seconds). This is a brilliant product that recognizes the need for a simple commodity-level device that "just works". It fills the niche that our iPad was supposed to fill, but just could not without a "real" keyboard. It still comes out from time to time, but for practical every day use, it just can't match up. The bang for the buck we're getting from the Chromebook is astounding.My only knock on it is I've had some issues with video playback, but it's been a rare problem. No issues with Youtube at all. It's not enough for me to say that this wasn't the best tech purchase (pound for pound) that I've made in years.
computer|To be a 5 to me means perfect. I believe with touch screen capability it could be rated close to 5 .Impressed by speed.
computer|Its perfect for people who love to use chrome. I can do all my html5 apps and coding here and Netflix looks HD. This is perfect for students!
computer|As a 2ndary computer, this is great. I use it on the couch, bed and other areas where my full size laptop is a hassle. For $250 this can't be beat, but I wouldn't pay $350 for it. The body is somewhat flimsy (hold it the wrong way and you depress the touchpad button without direct contact). It works with most web sites I've been to, including netflix and other high-end sites). The limited software however means I won't be ditching my real computer anytime soon.
computer|For $250 you cannot be unsatisfied with this computer. My house has this and an ipad lying around. After a week or two we realized everybody was vying for the chromebook over the ipad. Ofcourse its not a feature rich computer, but for somebody who stares at a desktop all day for work, its all I need for personal use.
computer|This was recommended through a friend and exactly what I was thought it would be and even better... FAST... FAST... Fast&#62;&#62;&#62;
computer|I like the price. Apps are a challenge, but that is my lack of knowledge/skill. I'm still learning to use the cbook. I like the size & weight. Recommended for anyone who has a desktop and wants an inexpensive device primarily to search the net & manage email.
computer|This machine has me impressed with both Samsung and Google. It feels really quick for a $250 laptop and is very quiet. It was a little strange navigating the Chrome OS at first, but after about 10 minutes and a surprisingly helpful tutorial I was flying around pretty well. It should be said that I am fairly familiar with most of the Google apps and the Chrome browser. My 63 year old mother, however, is not. But, most of the apps are super simple to use and I have not received a single tech support question.
computer|this is an excellent little laptop with capabilities for almost every daily need. It is true that if you need aspps beyond what Google offers in the cloud, like running your scanner, you are not going to completely stop using your Windows or Mac. But this is really handy for typing messages, cruising the internet, streaming music, movies or sports, etc. It is better than any tablet for daily at home needs, and we love our 3 tablets so we can speak with authority on this.
computer|I bought this as a gift for my husband who seems to use it every single day. Today I found him walking out of the bathroom with it!I have had the opportunity to use it exactly 1 time, because he doesn't seem to leave it out of his sight. It is very lightweight, and the internet works great! I enjoyed the functionality of the trackpad, the ability to double tap lightly as well as click it like a mouse is a great plus to me. I am heavily considering buying another one, but the only thing that is stopping me is that I already have so many electronic devices including a laptop and a kindle fire so I'm not sure what I would really use it for other than having something else to play with.
computer|Very pleased with the product. Boots up much faster than my Acer tab, about half the price, about the same size, great keyboard. Like the tight integration with online Google apps and Google Drive.
computer|easy to use - love the size of the keyboard. the book is lightweight and easy to carry. i am still learning about all the things it does. also like watching tv on it at night in bed while going to sleep. just set it in the night stand,
computer|Very easy to learn how to operate. Chrome store has all the apps/elements this 64 year old needs.Wanted something to replace my small HP netbook. Got what I wanted plus more..........large keyboard, super fast, great screen size, etc. Super happy with purchase. My wife is eyeing the Chromebook to replace her iPad.The only thing I need now is a Wi-Fi enabled printer so I can print from this Chromebook.One limitation is I can't see any Amazon downloads of purchase histories (.cvs or .csv files). However, for my purposes I can live with it.Oh, I am now an Angry Bird fan.Would recommend this to anyone who is looking for the same as I.I plugged in my USB and it comes up right away when I open the lid on the Chromebook.
computer|This is a great internet book with plenty of capability. As I would expect on an inexpensive device like this, the video playback has some non-smoothness (probably limited graphics processor), but is not horrible.It's so quick and simple to use. 1) open. 2) (blink) oh, it's already on. 3) use.I love the price. I like the connectivity. I struggled a little with one of the people that used it in explaining that you can't install typical applications. Everything has to be a Chrome plug-in or a web application.On the geeky side, it even has a limited Chrome Shell (crosh) for ping, tracepath, and a few other console commands. I haven't learned yet how to discover IP address (LAN IP before firewall).
computer|This is the perfect ultraportable laptop on the market. I bought it as sort of a secondary laptop; something that could do basic word processing, internet browsing, video-playing, etc. This laptop not only met my expectations, it exceeded them. This laptop quickly became my "go to" laptop, while my "real" laptop only gets taken out for specific purposes (when I need to play a CD or run Windows-only software). The laptop is very quick thanks to its flash only memory and lightweight OS and while some buyers may be concerned about its lack of a "real" processor, it has not hiccuped in my every day use at all. The laptop is very aesthetically pleasing and takes many design cues from Apple's Macbook Air. It is very sturdy and feels "dense and significant" despite its extremely light weight.The only drawback I've found so far is that in stead of a Caps-Lock button, there is a "search" button. This is particularly a problem for me because I am one of the (apparently) few people who use the Caps-Lock instead of the shift button. However, it is especially a problem because the search button interrupts my typing when I forget to use the shift key. In fact, I've done it several times during this review. This may not be a problem for most people, but its worth pointing out in case anyone is like me.All in all, this is a great device. When I purchased it, I was concerned that I would find the relatively stripped functionality to be a problem, but its been a great laptop that I look forward to using for a long time.
computer|I have a desktop and I bought my wife a Kindle Fire. She loves the Kindle but hates going to my basement office to use the desktop. She saw this and we ordered it. She absolutely loves this. It connected to my WiFi without a hitch and works perfectly. I am waiting for some patches from Netflix and Optimum for video. Other than that, this is one sleek design. It looks feels and works like a charm. It is light and super thin. The screen size is fine, very clear, and the keyboard has a nice feel.
computer|Excellent quality and simple to use. Plenty of Google Apps to make this a realistic tool for the non-power user. Light, cool, and quiet claims are all accurate. Sized like a large tablet, but with a full size keyboard. Good screen resolution and fast operating speed.
computer|I use this Chromebook every day for telecommuting and fun and it is fantastic. I love the way that it knows to shut down when I close the lid, and it turns itself on when I open it. It logs right on to the nearest wifi without issues, and whenever I encounter a problem using a non-chrome file format, I can always find an app to make it work. Love the keyboard except that maybe sometimes I hit Control when trying to hit Shift. Great price, perfect little machine for work and play.
computer|Great investment for me. Do your homework on it before getting one. Not your typical computer! However I love it!
computer|I like the concept and speed of this computer. I need to work with it more to really figure it out, but so far I have found out that for me to print on my printer, I need either a cloud printer, or another computer to link to through the cloud to print to. I can also print to the cloud and have FedEx print it and deliver it, or however that works. If I could print on my WiFi printer, I would be much happier with it.
computer|Several pros, speed, keyboard, lightweight, easy to use, all productivity apps are FREE!One con, doesn't play Java.We really love it and recommend it to everyone.
computer|Excellent battery life. Very simple set up. Just power up and sign into your Google account. Very light weight and comfortable to use. We were considering both a tablet and the Chromebook. The Chromebook's full computer keyboard, along with the excellent Amazon reviews, were the deciding factor as this machine's initial use will be for school work.
computer|I love this laptop but my mouse pad sticks all the time and I cannot figure out why and I am not even sure who to contact on this issue. Do I even have a warrant on this.
computer|Been stuck on a PC since mid 90's. Could not get the hang of a touch screen Nexus. Tried this cause it had a key board but never liked a touch pad in place of mouse. However, discovered a wireless mouse with USB transmitter works fine. So much happier. Battery lasts a long time, and doesn't decay in off as rapidly as the Nexus did. Just wish I could find some time to actually use it.
computer|Got this for my kids (ages 15 & 12) and they love it! It does everything they need for school & play. Super light, so I might get one for myself to take on the road.
computer|I was hoping for a nice mix between a table and a notebook. Pretty disappointing. Can't connect to my printer. The speakers rattle at half volume. Got a blue tooth speaker but it won't stay connected. It is quite speedy and light weight.
computer|I absolutely LOVE my Chromebook! I wish I'd know about it before I recommended a netbook w? windows to my dad. So easy to use!
computer|The only thing I need a computer for is pictures, music, and getting online. I have an occasional spreadsheet that I have to do for work and this machine does everything I ask of it. I was skeptical at first but I've had this for a month now and I doubt I would go back for anything. It is different and you will have to get used to going online for everything but the 's out weigh the cons.
computer|Item was just as described. Works great, fits my needs and uses to a T. I have recommended it to my friends.
computer|It is everything it was as advertised as. All the google apps at your fingertips in a very portable but convenient to use package.
computer|I had my Chromebook for five weeks and have no complaints about how it works... but be carefulit is NOT robust... my screen broke in half without rought handling. I had it in a soft case andsince it is light and cheap its good for travel. I will now get an hard case (ali??) for my 'new'Chromebook and I recomend you do the same.
computer|The navigation was not too intuitive, but overall, it meets my needs better than my iPad. I like having a keyboard.
computer|Guess this one was one of those with bad battery...lasts maybe about an hour with out charging...like th look though..Don't buy unless you have power adapters, a Honda generator, and don't have a real mobile computer with you.
computer|My wife has a brand new MacBook Air and this thing is almost just as awesome and $1000 cheaper. Granted, they are very different but the build quality is very similar. If you're looking for a laptop to browse the net, watch videos, and do other basic tasks, this thing is awesome. I found I was always using my iPad with a bluetooth keyboard but I was never really getting anything done. This is great for a tablet minded person wanting to get real work done.
computer|I like the size and weight. It was a gift for my mother who is getting up there in age so it suits her fine
computer|this chromebook is the best laptop i have ever owned its fast and you can easily download apps it is awesome
computer|great product ... turning out to be better than I had anticipated it might be ... thoroughly pleased with this purchase
computer|I wanted something with a full keyboard that wouldn't break the bank. I have no issues using the chrome browser to help me with assignments in college. You can work offline, but I am rarely in a spot where there isn't Wifi to use. If I am in a location with no Wifi I'm not using a CPU anyway. Keyboard is responsive and this Chromebook is light! Printing is no issue at all. Put is on a flash stick, network printer, or just email you work to yourself (if to big just use google drive) and print from where ever you are at.
computer|I got this for my 15 year old for school work and its GREAT. So far he loves being able to use it as a lightweight transportable computer for writing. Seems to be reliable on the quick boot up and resilience. He has only had it for a month, I'll update when he has had it a little longer.
computer|it works great and is easy to use (: has awesome features! would advice anyone in need of a laptop to check this out
computer|I bought this for my mom to use. She is technology illiterate. Its good for someone to play games or check emails and what not. If you want it for more that that, don't get this laptop. It does for some reason kick you out of a game and you have to go back into it and start over. Its not bad over all. &#34;Gets you from point a to point b&#34; If you know what i mean.
computer|Nice Gadget, if you only use apps , works great, OS has a few quirks( shortcuts) to learn, but overall good product.Takes you into the future, a little different getting use to this compared to windows, but i would still recommend it. Netflix works great.Business users need to allow apps in their settings as opposed to regular google users can add as they wish.
computer|really nice! n works great. i love thats light, works fast. iam able to get all of my college work done with no problem and access all websites!big plus since my ipad wouldnt work fot some homework websites such as masteringphysocs sp great great. love it
computer|I love this little computer, it does everything I want it to do. Now if I could just get my husband to do what is required from his computer so that I can print I will be set up.
computer|This computer is thin, light-weight and boots up fast. they're missing some buttons, such as &#34;end,&#34; &#34;screen print,&#34; etc... but it's a great deal for the money. It doesn't use the Microsoft office suite, which is annoying, but that information is shared in advance and google documents can be saved in Microsoft format for others to view. Google files are saved automatically and, like I said, it's pretty fast. I haven't had problems with too many windows open and corresponding speed problems. I don't think any computer without substantial hard drive space and Microsoft Office can be used as a primary (business/academic) computer, but it's a great secondary computer and the price is very good.
computer|Much faster than my old computer.Starts up in less than 10 seconds.Wonderful battery life.Good size for a student.Earphone jack has a rather right fit.Local google drive does not maintain folder structure. This is easy to get around- just use google drive on the web.
computer|ProsPriceBattery (it appears the first couple cycles could beat the manufacturers estimate)DesignOSHDMI outboot up timeWeightEase of useUSB3google's commitment to aggresive software updates means software improvements and tweaks (like voice recognition in 25)come every single week. I'm on 27.0 dev at the moment.ConsOS has a few limitations, not a fault of this product, but the OS in generalscreen is great at this price, but resolution isn't that great. Not a really complaint for 250, but an obvservation.plastic could be an issue if you drop from a decent height.some hangups if you open too many tabs.I think play store purchases (like movies, tv shows) show a lower resolution (480p) than android tablets.perfect for a coffee table computer, writing a paper, taking on a bus/train (well the 3g version), kids.I got my brother one, and sent my other brother my CR48 to convince him to buy one as well.for transparency sake, I have the i5 chromebox (from IO 2012) and it's screaming fast. any speed limitations are hardware based and not OS based.
computer|This is a great, light weight laptop!! I purchased this for the kids to use for homework, It was easy to set up & connect with my wireless printer. I looked into several prior to my purchase & this won, hands down!!! You can not beat the price & with PRIME shipping!!!!
computer|Fine for web browsing. Chrome is a hard program to navigate if you are used to Windows or Mac. Chrome has a webcam, but is not Skype compatible. It also is not what you want if you have a lot of pictures you like to update/manage. This is a netbook, not a laptop, so it has limited storage space. This product frustrated me, and didn't meet my needs/wishes, so I traded this in after 2 days and got the Acer Windows 8 laptop, for $303 (on amazon as well) , and it works great, better for all my needs.
computer|I needed something small; light; fast; crystal clear, and something with the enormous power of Google at my finger tips. This Chrome Book was is all that and more. I'm an architect and I have an office full of gadgets that promised much and delivered little. This promised much and delivered more! The price must be a mistake, so buy one before they find out.
computer|After some homework, I purchased this little computer for travel purposes. It does everything I need EXCEPT I cant download some things I used to have like SKYPE. Other than that, I couldnt ask for more. Its super light...the screen is big and bright and its simple to get used to(its not a windows based machine so it pays to watch the tutorial on the machine to learn how to do different things on it). If you just need a fast computer for light weight work or maybe watching a movie when you fly and dont want one of those netbooks with the small screen, this is the computer for you .
computer|I purchased the Chromebook and in the beginning was pretty satisfied with it. I read other peoples reviews and pretty much knew what I was getting. At first I felt that I got the bang for the buck, but then I started using it to watch video streams off the internet. I thought watching video would be a strength of the Chromebook since it is designed primarily for internet use so this is one of the reasons I purchased this device. I have found that this model does not seem to work well with streaming video from the internet. It is jerky, freezes to the point that I have to hold the on/off switch down until it reboots. Some times it reboots on its own. For example I went to the Crackle web site and tried to watch a TV show or movie. Forget it unless you have incredible patience and don't mind restarting your computer over and over. About 4 times in a half hour show. I have tried other web sites just to make sure it was not something to do with the Crackle web site. I also watched the same shows on my laptop with no problems.Pros - There are a lot of things I do like about the Chromebook; Very light, small and good for normal internet browsing. Good for linking to Google drive, email, calendar etc. Sound quality is decent. Battery last about as advertised. I do like the feel of the keyboard although it does not have a delete key only a backspace key.Cons - Doesn't seem to do well when watching video.Would it work in a school setting, which is what I bought the Chromebook for? I would think so, except for watching video.Hope this helps
computer|My son and his new wife were surprised and delighted to receive their ne Chromebook and said that it works perfectly. It even arrived a day earlier than predicted :)
computer|Looks cool, is affordable and does run my applications which are basically web surfing and reading some documents from time to time.Not very powerful processor but if this is what your looking for then opt for a bigger laptop.
computer|for people who have extra money for an extra device around the house its really coolI prefer a real laptop and the screen resolution its too poorbut the price is right for web searching the bluetooth didnt work for me
computer|Purchased for my father, who is in a continuing care facility. It's very light & simple to learn to use (Dad has several physical limitations now). I easily added a Logitech wireless mouse too. He uses it for email, web browsing, and a golf game. I especially appreciate the Chrome system since much less maintenance and security software is required. The only drawback so far is the small screen size (for aging eyes), but there is a magnifier. For us - a bargain!
computer|I love it! It is so compact. My only complaint would be that as a Chromebook, it does not have the same amount of storage as a regular computer.
computer|I wanted to buy a laptop, but i am one of those person who is really not obsessed with being online, so if you are one of those kind of person this computer will be good for you.The Pro that i found wereVery light, easy to work, good wi-fi connection, great keyboards,has usb connection, can charge ipod in it, i used to watch HBO go and it works super good.The only Con that i have, is that sometimes it freezes and it restart by itself, other than that is super good.But like i said im a person who spends less than 10 hours online at home, since my work requires to be on-line all day.But if you need simple computer this is awesome.I would definitive would recommend to buy, if you are in the market for just simple laptop
computer|More machine than the under $300.00 price. Fast, friendly and easy to use. I would highly reccomend this product. Look out Apple.
computer|This little machine is simple and sufficient for most tasks. It just takes a little work finding the right online apps.
computer|For the money, you just can't go wrong, lightweight, fast, good looking, doesn't gets hot and so on.Only issue I have been having is with the text editor, the spell check is not working for me like on MS Office, I just found a website that does that so I'm cool with it
computer|I got this Chromebook as a replacement for my laptop that just died. I like how lightweight it is and that I can carry it with me in my purse!
computer|The Chromebook is a fine little piece of machinery. Small and portable, lightning fast, and cute to look at. It's perfect for ALMOST anything you normally do on the web, but a severe Shockwave Flash problem has altered my love for this mini computer. One thing that is nearly impossible to do on the Chromebook is edit a video - if you have any suggestions please comment below. I have tried Pixorial (Shockwave crashes every time), WeVideo, and Stupeflix. None of them have the capabilities of Windows Movie Maker OR iMovie. Like... not even close (you have to pay to remove the watermark, can't add voiceovers/music, etc.). Try watching a video on MTV.com - guarantee you Shockwave will crash a few minutes in. Other than those issues, I love this little guy. Access social networks, write emails, read blogs, watch YouTube videos... works fine for all those things.The size of this machine is awesome. Small enough to fit in an average sized purse. It is very lightweight - great for students who have to carry a lot in their backpacks. The keyboard and trackpad are almost as good as that of the MacBook Air and speakers work fine. Not studio sound but it's adequate. Webcam doesn't work for me, the sound is distorted and the picture looks worse than the Logitech webcam I bought for $10 in the seventh grade. Long story short: buy it for the portability and the price, but don't expect this to be your only computer, unless the only thing you do is browse the web.
computer|It the perfect for personal use simple and sooo light and thin i think that what i love most about it
computer|I love this computer. Im typing from it now. Im not really computer savvy but ive owned several computers, laptops and desktops and I can honestly say that this one is my favorite. I had it for a few weeks now and i can honestly say that it is different from other computers but not a terrible difference. If you dont have internet connection you really cant do anything but that is not a dealbreaker for me. The computer is so light weight. If i want to show someone something on my screen....i can just pick it up with one hand and show it to them without lugging it around. Laptops are made to be portable and this is idea when it comes to portability. I love it.
computer|so far I like my chrome book still learning how to work it the one thing I dont like is the app store dosen't have the apps i love and use and I cant use my netfix
computer|This product does fulfills 80% of my computing needs and I'd assume that would be the case for most. For $250 its hard to complain about build quality. For that reason I recommend it to others.
computer|This was the perfect product to purchase, for I person with interests. I am an avid reader, writer and roleplayer. It does everything my Kindle does but was much easier to figure out.
computer|We just got the Samsung Chromebook yesterday as we needed a 2nd laptop, but didn't want to spend a lot of money. This is not something you will install programs as there are no programs to install, which means no patches or patches for the patches. This is Google Chrome. What does that mean? Well everything you already do now on the web, you do here. Everything is stored on the cloud. So why do you need/want this? Well if you have multiple people who use a laptop or pc, this is an excellent alternative. You do have to be connected and you do have to have a gmail account.The pros:1 - It boots up in 8 seconds. Yes 8 seconds. You don't even hit the power button. You just open it and presto.2 - It's quiet.3 - You think 11.6" might be too small, but honestly it's not.4 - Yes the hard drive is 16 gig, but keep this in mind it's a ssd, so no moving parts. And everything is stored online.5 - Battery life is pretty awesome.I don't really have any cons. That caps lock key that we are all used to is now a dedicated search button. And to right click you use two fingers and touch the touch pad.Other than that, for what it's purpose is and what it does and for the price, this is perfect.To give you some idea what it really is, check out this video from Google.[...]
computer|my grandson loves his Samsung Chromebook that I gave him for Christmas. He hardly puts it down. He is able to do a lot of his homework research, thereby, leaving my computer to me.
computer|i purchased the product because of the other reviews it had. i needed something to replace my tablet for school. With this i can take notes (not a big fan of touch keyboards) AND-the most important thing- open my e-textbooks! i know it my not have what the other notebook/laptops have but it is the BEST for my school needs. especially since my tests, notes and papers are saved to the cloud that my school uses i don't have to go home and use my pc to backup and it doesn't weigh me down. I LOVE MY CHROMEBOOK!!!
computer|I was hesitant at first because the price was so low and I figured it would be a &#34;cheap&#34; product. How wrong I was. Matter of fact, my IT professional at work thought it was a great product and he bought one for his mom who just wanted to use the Internet. I bought mine for the kids to play their Disney and Nick Jr games. Great travel device.
computer|If you use lots of google products, you will love it. Everything is stored in the cloud, so you don't have to worry about data loss.
computer|I only need something for online banking and internet browsing so this is exactly what I wanted. It is a sleek as a high end laptop, but obviously made of lesser materials. No fan means it runs silent, and I find it runs cool enough to leave on bed or couch without any fears of over heating. ultimately gives a $500 feel for $250. It really is just a web browser, so no software to speak of, most of the apps not much more than saved links to webpages. It will take a while to get out of the windows mindset, but I do not think the chrome OS will limit me too much. Might even end up better off if developers ever catch up and google adapts for more software options.
computer|This is my first chromebook and I really like it. The smaller size and lighter weight is perfect for me and I use it more than my laptop because it is so portable. There are some differences from a regular computer but nothing that is an issue for me. I use it mainly for internet surfing, email, and reading my kindle on and it's great for that. It started up right out of the box. All I had to do was charge it for a little while, which didn't take long at all. It has a great battery life very fast start-up time. I also really like that it has built-in security and that I don't have to pay for that separately. The only reason that I didn't give it 5 stars is that there is a glitch whenever I want to print anything. I had to set up my printer for the chromebook on my laptop and it still has to go through it but that may just be me, or my printer!
computer|I love it. Very useful and light. I can take whatever I want to without considering its weight. I recommend it
computer|Great little laptop. If you're used to windows, it can take a little while to get used to, but I love it. Great battery life. Everything is done online so very little memory is required, which keeps the computer running pretty fast. I'm very happy with this purchase.
computer|Main thing I don't know why the bluetooth will NOT stream music to a speaker!!!! one main reason I bought it. Hopefully they will add this in a future update. Other than that, getting used to it but love it.
computer|I am a Google Certified Teacher and Educational Technology Specialist. I do my heavy lifting on a MacBook pro: Photoshop, iMovie, etc... and I use my iPad or Nexus 7 device for creating things, watching videos and other casual use. I am a huge fan of the chromebook though and think it is a necessity. I can not give up the other devices since I use each of them differently. I would consider myself a power user of Microsoft Office but have been able to convert almost entirely to Google Docs (...). What I lose in terms of advanced features I gain in terms of collaboration, publication and access. I can access Google Docs on almost any device. While I can view and kind of edit on my iPad, the chromebook gives me full access to my Google Docs. The chromebook is incredibly lightweight (almost seems less heavy than my iPad) so it is perfect for carrying around. Very rarely do I need to do power computing on the go, mostly I need to access my Google Docs and do other Web 2.0 or even Web 1.0 things. This makes the Chromebook the perfect device. I can bring it with me to Starbucks or a meeting and have a fully working computer.As a teacher I would recommend the chromebook for the classroom, it is a wonderful device that besides being lightweight and robust allows students to log into any machine with their Google account (especially great if your school is Google Apps). Thus students do not need to be assigned a device, they can jump on any classroom chromebook and have instant access to their files, apps and projects. Google Drive is an excellent substitute for dropbox, so students can keep all of their files in Google Drive and then have access to them on any machine. Although, drop box is functional on the chromebook, the integration with Drive makes it a much easier choice. The battery on the chromebook also lasts a long time so the teacher can put out the chromebooks at the beginning of the day and have them last the entire school day without being plugged in. This eliminates the power cord hazards.
computer|I just recently graduated college and after 5 years my Dell was starting to slow down and the battery stopped working. So I was on the hunt for a new laptop on my own budget. This computer has everything I need. It may not be what every one else needs but I'm willing to learn the new Google operating system. Its really not that complicated. I like it so far and I think it was definitely worth my money. Amazon shipped it out quickly and safely. I am very pleased with my purchase and am a very loyal Samsung purchaser.
computer|This is actually my first laptop. My mother got it for me for Christmas(I am using her account to write this), after I was saving up for it for 6 months. I did not figure that mom would get it for me, so I chose the cheapest but best quality laptop I could find. This seemed perfect for me, considering that I usually only use the internet on the family computer. I looked forward to all the features that this computer held. It seemed perfect. Now, after trying it, my first impression is that it is not as good as I imagined it, but for a first laptop, it does not disappoint. The Chromebook is very small and lightweight, making it easy to carry around. The design is very sleek and modern, with very nice color, if a bit dull. I am considering buying a skin for it, but if not, it is still very nice. The keyboard is amazing. The keys are just far enough away to make it easy to type. There are a few downsides, though. For one thing, there is no caps lock. It is slightly unnerving, since I am used to it being where the search button is now. I am sure I will get used to it after a while. The only other problem is one of my keys, the "W", does not work well. It keeps getting stuck. I am pretty sure that is not for all the Chromebooks, though. Other than those problems, the keyboard manages to hold up to it's expectations. I was a bit confused about where the charger hole was. It and the audio jack are very similar looking, but the charger hole is smaller and on the back. After only a little time, the computer started getting warm, but not too terribly. In fact, it is quite nice for the winter. Overall, the design seemed to be nearly as I hoped it would be, just with a couple small problems. Setup was much simpler than I thought that it would be. You just have to connect to your internet and log into Google. The update took a bit, but that was expected. It was ready within minutes, and I did not have to get help from anyone else (like I usually do, not being very tech savvy). This was very nice. The getting started page that comes up once you finish setting it up was very helpful, and quickly taught me the basics of the Chromebook. I have not tried out all the apps, but the ones I have tried seem to work well. The camera is very nice, although I wish that you were able to make videos. However, when you save a picture from the camera into the file app, it is unable to open it. Apparently, I need to get an app that can open the picture. I looked online, and am unable to find such app. If you know what app I need, please tell me, so that I can actually open pictures from the camera app. Other apps I used included Google documents, calculator, and scratchpad. All seem to work fine. Internet has no large problems apart from the inability to use Netflix. Everything seems to work quickly and nicely. Sound and screen are okay, but not amazing. I have seen better, but I have seen way worse. Battery life seems to be nice. So all in all, my first impression is that it does nicely for a first computer, or maybe as a secondary computer. I will post more as time goes on and I explore more.
computer|I wanted something light and easy to use and for a good price. I got all of it with this. I'm very happy with this product. The battery life is pretty good and surfing the net and checking email. Doesn't hurt that I use a lot of Google products already. Definitely a good deal and great way to be productive on the go.
computer|I have been very happy with the functionality, speed, and ease of use with the new Chromebook. However, I think that I can speak for a huge majority of consumers that not being able to use Netflix is a huge deal breaker. If I had known, I wouldn't have bought it. I believe Google is working to fix this (they say that they have already fixed it, but my most recent update still will not allow me to use Netflix). I would have thought that this product would not have launched with such a critical unresolved problem. I also am discovering that Google does not have any traditional form of customer service outlets. All I was able to do was fill in an online form to a customer service "ninja", but as of yet I have not received a response. I would give the Chromebook 4.5 Stars if I could watch Netflix... 5 Stars if I was able to talk to one of their "ninjas" without waiting so long.I received the following error message:"Dear Chrome OS Device user,Streaming is not currently supported on your device. We're working with Google to ensure that all Chrome OS users can instantly watch TV shows and movies from Netflix. More details to be announced soon."
computer|For a computer that's designed almost exclusively to browse the web, you'd think they would have invested more in ensuring that it's compatible with most major wifi networks. My computer has major issues connecting and staying connected to most networks. In the rare instance where it can connect, it rarely stays connected more than 10 minutes. Ironically, everywhere I've had trouble connecting my Chromebook, my Android phone can connect just fine. You'd think the two Google teams could share some tips...
computer|This is a perfect laptop if you are looking to do lightweight stuff, surf the net, view pics or vids on fb or youtube. The only gripe i have against this is that when I was trying to view my pictures from the SDCard taken from a DSLR, the laptop wasn't able to handle it. So if u wanna use it to upload pictures from your cameras or something, I wouldn't recommend it.
computer|I've had my Chromebook for about three weeks and I love it. It's lightweight so it's good for traveling. It starts instantly which is so great! It does everything my laptop did but is so much faster. I really recommend the Samsung Chromebook for anyone!
computer|I got this after looking at a Kindle Fire and deciding I would rather have a keyboard. Since I use Google for most all I do it is perfect for me. It runs quickly and works great! There are a couple features that I do not like however. #1 there is NO delete button! Really? That's right, you have to either back space or right click to delete something. A real pain in the butt! #2 there is no CAPS lock! This is another ridiculous decision that someone made when designing this machine. Other than those 2 things I am quite happy with its performance.
computer|Wow! Great value, 3G works great for me in Canada, hooks up immediately if no wifi available and I want it to hook up to 3G.I have Mac Air 2012 but find myself using this often just cause it is always connected. I have workplace app working under Chrome browser so this is ideal for that.Bought this one for my daughter for xmas and have bought another one from Tiger Direct cause Amazon was out of them.
computer|Its a great machine, perfect for my business travels. Only problem is the right click function does not work,have to use a mouse.
computer|This device not eligible for the Google Drive 100gb Cloud storage offer listed in description. That was one of the perks that I was interested in. It offers it in the set-up but then comes back that this device not eligible.Update: With the help of other Amazon reviewers I was able to gain access to the 100gb drive upgrade. I received no help from the Google help forums. Thanks guys.
computer|I have 4 other Chromebooks (the Series 5). They all work flawlessly and beautifully. I was hoping this would be great for the wife, smaller, lighter, thinner, and work just the same.It does not. The first one I received constantly lost wifi connections. It would hang seemingly endlessly trying to load the simplest of web pages. Any other laptop, or another S5 chromebook beside it would bring it up in heartbeat. I returned it thinking something was wrong. Nope, the second one has the same issues. There is something screwy & wrong with the wifi adapter in this. No matter the strength, it simply cannot keep a connection.Unfortunately I will be returning this one too, it is simply defective.Chromebooks are GREAT, JUST NOT this model, get the other S5 model instead.
computer|I'm really enjoying my Chromebook. It's light, works well, has good battery life (about 5 hours), and boots fast. I don't see it replacing my primary laptop, but for $250 dollars it's great to be able to use on the couch or at a coffee shop when I need to do tasks that only require a web browser. Eventually I'm going to try running Ubuntu or some other linux on it and then who knows, maybe it will replace my primary laptop!
computer|I love its looks but, It has a lot of growing to do or I need a tool that detects my attempts to do things and resolves them automatically ..example : my wireless printer it is on my network I do not want to have to fill out 50 things to print still can't get it working...netflix... link my phone with it android htc I look forward to and hope google will put more time in this tech the concept seems solid.. in this hope i am getting two more to home school the kids the battery is great but the mouse is a bit sad i just connect 1
computer|3G has not worked for me yet, which is why I bought it. Putting off contacting Samsung, don't like the headache. It was supposed to be plug in and go. I'm not the most computer literate person so I was hoping this would be the right laptop for me.
computer|A good little notebook for the price. Had been looking for a small laptop for downstairs, and this one is perfect.
computer|Purchased this for my husband and he is very happy with the performance and the size. Easy to take with us on our trips
computer|This chromebook is very light ,my daughter in college she loves it ,so is my husband i bought him one for christmas,this is lighter than ipad,and work just like a laptop.
computer|I love my Samsung Chromebook (Wi-Fi, 11.6-inch). I was looking for some kind of computer that I could use away from my regular computer. The Samsung is a combination of my Kindle Fire and my Laptop Computer. I was never able to use my laptop computer away from the CPU, even though I had a router. The Samsung Chromebook is small enough that I can use a keyboard and it's very streamlined; without the costs of a new laptop. Before I got the Samsung Chromebook from Amazon, I used to have to run from the t.v. to my computer while watching a football game and talking with my friends. Sometimes I missed a good play or a touchdown. Now I have my Samsung Chromebook right in front of me and can comment on the games with my friends without missing something. :-)
computer|I like it, very small and compact. Very different from window, but eventually get used to it. Recommended. You can also mod this into linux,
computer|This laptop is only 2gb ram so it is slow opening web pages. While the screen is nice at 11 inchesit is a little small. One feature I liked is the webcam and built in microphone.The other problem is it does not play netflix and some other silverlight movie.This was not good because I wanted the hdmi port specifically to connect to a tv forwatching movies.
computer|There were four things I wanted to do with the Chromebook: 1) Listen to podcasts and music on a Bluetooth headset - Not yet 2) Stream Netflix ~ Fixed ! 3) Remote desktop to my windows 7 PC - Fixed ! 4) General web browsing - always workedMy android phone does most of these things. I have not tried remote desktop on the phone because the screen is so small, and it lacks a keyboard.It turns out that the only thing on my list that the Chromebook is good at is web browsing.It does not connect to a Bluetooth headset.It is good as a general web tool, and it streams Amazon and YouTube videos fine. And now Netflix tooAnd it is silent.= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =I tried Chrome Remote Desktop, and at first I was not very happy with it due to the issue of readability vs. screen size. After a while, I came up with a workaround: Set the resolution on the remote system to the Chromebook's screen size. Then set Chrome Remote Desktop to both "Original Size" and "Full Screen" and the remote system screen now looks good.= = = = = = = = =Update: Yay they fixed NetFlix != = = = = = = = =
computer|Few compatibiliy issues, but i like what google has to offer here! It will only get better I am sure.If you are looking for something for home just to browse the internet, this is definitely a good buy!
computer|The laptop looks fancy. I couldn't wait to play with it. My overall feeling is that for $250 this is an incredible device.My wife and I are cable cutters and we have a Home Theater PC which is always on. A chromebook probably wouldn't cut it if we didn't have the PC to remote into, but for us it is perfect. Googling or researching on the couch with our Nexus 7 can become a hassle and chrome is just not the same on the tablet. If you are like us, you unsleep the monitor of your computer and the first thing you click is chrome to load up facebook, news, and amazon. This device is perfect for accessing the web via chrome. With its extensions I have google voice, photoshop, VNC, and more.I deeply recommend that you become familiar with what a chromebook is and what its capabilities are before purchasing. I obviously didn't expect to be able to install Microsoft Office on this little beast. The bad reviews here are basically because people were expecting things that the OS cannot do (unless you flash ubuntu on it).I will say the only negative thing is that the touchpad feels a little cheap. Sometimes it doesn't register clicks when I expect it to, and clicking it all the way down is clunky. It isn't enough to drop it to 4 stars imo. I would give 4.5 if i could have.Tips:-If you don't know what a chromebook is or don't regularly use chrome as your browser..... DON'T BUY without researching.-If you want an incredibly simple to use couch-surfing portable laptop, you love chrome, and you know what to expect out of a chromebook... then this device offers the best value for any laptop available this 2012 holiday season. If you can find it in stock.... BUY IT.
computer|At first, I loved it mainly because of its light weight. The keyboard was a bit stiff at first, but after a while it worked great. You don't have to slam your fingers on the keyboard anymore. A couple of weeks after my purchase, the computer started to act up. First, I was typing my on google doc and the computer turned off on me. Then, my cursor started to freeze. I reset it by using a pin and pushed the hole on the bottom of the chromebook. That solved my problem, but then a week later the same thing happened. However, the reset button didn't work this time. The touchpad is also very difficult and it won't sense that I am right clicking instead of normal clicking. I can't even watch videos on youtube without the video freezing. I have been experiencing a lot of lag too. I am so frustrated with this chromebook. You get what you pay for. This purchase decision made me realize that I should've bought a Macbook instead.
computer|i just got this laptop a while ago and it is an amazing laptop, for beginners, or for experienced people!
computer|this is a good browser. but if you are somewhere that does not have an internet connection it is useless. all the software lives on the server, so if you wanted to write a letter to a friend and you are sitting in a park away from a WIFI connection forget about it.
computer|This serves a purpose as something in between a laptop and a tablet. If you are comfortable with using the Chrome browser for most things then you can't beat this for the money. It boots fast and is easy to use if you are familiar with all things Google. The down side is a poor file manager application that is very slow to respond and nothing for accessing network files. New extensions are always coming out for Chrome so maybe someone will publish something that solves this problem.
computer|My Chromebook is good but lacks integration with some other software for example it will not allow SKYPE integration and therefore i have to used google+ and not all my contact has google+
computer|this is a nice little net book for the price. it does what it has to do. long battery life,fast, lite. i love it
computer|If you are an average consumer looking for a primary laptop, a Chromebook is not for you. It may be in a few years, but not yet.On the other hand, if you have a primary computer (or I will go as far as to say a primary "Tablet"), than this may be your calling.I currently own two Windows Laptops; a Samsung Note 10.1 Tablet and 7 inch Kindle Fire HD.For me, the Chromebook is a compliment to my collection. But I will say this - I am now using my Chromebook at least 75 percent of the time. My wife says that I am just using the item alot because it is new. It is true, I am bonding with it and taking it as far as I can with some learning curves.That said, I think this is a great item for browsing the internet with a Full Site Browser. Even on my Windows Laptops, I only use the Chrome browser now. I cannot stand Firefox, and Internet Explorer - well, I stopped using that many years ago.I love the fact that I don't have to worry about virus' and malware. Apparently, Google has a hackathon, offering something like $150,000 to anyone who can give this OS a virus. Now that is confidence. I have clicked every crazy pop-up I can find - even those "You have won a Million Dollars,", etc; to see what would happen. I am like - "Come on guys - Just try to give me a Virus - "Make My Day!"Boot up time is instant. I have a Sony Laptop with an Hybrid Solid State Hard Drive which is very fast. This is even faster. Loads Web sites super fast - of course subject to the internet speed. But, very nice so far.Keyboard is great. Typing on it now. This is a nice full keyboard with a great feel. I read some negative comments about the track pad. Seems OK for me - I have a light tap - no problem. Also, check out the "two finger tap" to copy, paste, select all, etc. Yup- that is where it is. First, drag and shade - than tap with two fingers.Now, I am not a big fan of Google Docs. I must use Office or Open Sourced variations. I use tables and some heavy formatting. Google Docs doesen't have it. In addition, you can't "Save As" to or from Google Docs. In my experience, you must Create and Copy. Maybe I am missing something here. However, Google now has the Quick Office viewer on the OS, and hopefully will be going to Editing some time soon.Wanna hear something crazy? My Android tablet is more functional in many ways when it comes to creating and Editing Word Docs and watching videos. In fact, I watch Netflix (not yet on "This" Chromebook, but videos are terrible anyway on this), HBO2GO and Amazon Videos on my Tablets. So I am thinking - perhaps my Android Tablet can be my primary utility machine - and the Chromebook can be Browser. And when it comes to a Full Browser, this machine takes the cake. I mean - who really likes to use mobile browsing, whether using a mobile version site or the Full Site? I really do not. This Chromebook is great for that.Yea - Videos are awful on this thing - Even when they get Netflix configured; I won't be using it. Why bother. No problem. I sit down with my tablets and watch videos (or hdmi up to the tv or use the Roku) and browse with my Chromebook. Great for airline reservations (ever try that on an Android or Ipad?), etc.Oh yes - there is the File Compatibility. Not great. It does read pdf files (whew). Doc files are hit and miss, depending on how they were saved before receipt. Video files (MPEG ) forget about it. Audio - cannot do WMA - does do MP3. If you use WMA you can always convert.I hope they take this thing farther. I hear they may combine the Chromebook with Android - who knows.So I do love the things this Chromebook does well; And yes I am frustrated with the things is does not do well.But I knew that when I bought it, right?Enjoy.
computer|The Samsung Chromebook is what it is: a great quick start, Google Apps functional, light weight, nice screen machine.I use it every morning and evening to read the news and check the weather. And as a Google Docs user I use it to write.The downside of this machine is the video. Netflx doesn't run at all due to incompatability with the processor. The Acer Chromebook does not have this problem as it runs on a Celeron chipset. Unfortunately that's not the only video problem. Video on the New York Times website runs, but with starts and stops and big delays.UPDATE: As promised Samsung has updated their Chromebook. not only does Netflix work extremely well, so do the New York Times videos.No hesitation or stutter. The resolution and color are great !Thank you Samsung. You now have a winner
computer|I have had my Chromebook for about 4 months now. Overall, I am extremely satisfied. As many have said, the battery life is great (I dont even carry my charger often), its suuuper light weight (but get a carrier), pretty speedy, and the limitations it has in terms of "normal" use are pretty minimal.But, some things I wish I knew before I bought it:1) It is advertised as being able to open any document that's originally a Word/Excel/Powerpoint etc. file. Not true. It opens all of these file types, but I've struggled with not being able to open larger files. As a teacher, I haven't been able to open student grade reports and files that are sizable. If the majority of the work you do is in larger files, this probably isn't the machine for you. Not as big of a deal for me, but still something to mention, is that formatting definitely shifts when you open things in Word and try to edit them.2) It is difficult to use two accounts at one time on the Chromebook. I have a Google account for work and one for personal use. I have to log out of the current user just to check a quick email on the other. While I know I can forward one email to the other I can prefer to keep them separate which is difficult on the Chromebook.3) If you use Outlook at all, the Chromebook is difficult. It only allows you to use the 'lite' version of the web version which is so basic that is almost unusable. Since I communicate regularly with people who use Outlook as their main form of email, I have to use another computer just to send a meeting maker or whatever the case may be.Other than those two big notes, I'd recommend it. Especially as Google improves its software and use and such. Make sure you're comfortable with using Drive first, and you should be all set.
computer|For the last several months, my Toshiba Satellite laptop keyboard has been malfunctioning and I had begun searching for a replacement. I had hoped to find the perfect hybrid Windows 8 tablet but was sidetracked when I read page after page of positive Chromebook reviews. I purchased my Samsung Chromebook at the local Best Buy fully expecting to be wowed and to quickly fall in love with it.After two days of working with it, I wouldn't say that I'm in love with it nor could I say that the concept of using a glorified browser and cloud services seems as preposterous as I had once imagined. As many have noted, the good keyboard, respectable build quality and lightweight make a positive first impression. The track pad makes a less favorable impression.I discovered after a great deal of frustration that it does not support two finger tap gestures. The Chromebook help screen claims that tapping with two fingers simulates a right click. I incorrectly assumed that Google docs did not support spelling suggestions. When I tried to right-click on misspelled words, nothing happened and I was almost ready to box it up and return it to Best Buy. After some searching on the Internet, I discovered that the Samsung Chromebook requires you hold down the Alt key while tapping to right-click. I often found myself wanting to reach out and touch the screen because scrolling is so tedious.(See update below for correction to this comment.)When compared with competing Chromebooks, the display leaves much to desire but as others have noted the matte finish compensates enough to save it from a deal killer rating. I have yet to get a handle on how much battery life to expect but it certainly exceeds the 2 -3 hours I get when using my Toshiba.Others have been impressed with the "Instant On" Chrome OS but as a Windows 8 user, I am less impressed. I've grown accustomed to my Windows 8 computers being available for use within seconds of switching them on. However, I am impressed by the quality of audio produced using the built in speakers. As with the display, the sound is a bit muddy but better than what I am accustomed to when using portable devices.A major disappointment is the lack of support for Bluetooth audio devices. I often use my LG Bluetooth headset to listen to streamed podcasts and music. Strangely, the LG device is displayed after it's been turned off but disappears when I turn it on and try to connect. None of my 4 Bluetooth audio headsets will work with the Samsung Chromebook. The lack of audio Bluetooth support is close to being a deal breaker. I recently purchased an analog to Bluetooth adapter and I suppose I can use it as a work around but that is certainly far from ideal. A second disappointment is lack of support for Netflix. I understand a fix is in the works but if not forthcoming within the 30 day returned period, I will return the Chromebook and continue my search for the perfect Windows 8 hybrid tablet / laptop.For me the jury is still out as to whether I will keep the device. I continue to bump into limitations that may be more peculiar to my usage habits than to the targeted audience for this device. Three prime examples are the lack of support for Skype, voice recognition, and Microsoft office suite. I had not used Google docs prior to purchasing the Chromebook and I am still trying to decide if I can use it is a portable replacement for my much-loved Microsoft alternatives.Bottom line: I am impressed with how functional the device is and suspect Chrome OS is here to stay and will negatively affect the bottom line of both Microsoft and Apple.The success of Android and now Chromebook OS go a long way to vindicate my Linux friends who have long predicted Linux on my desktop.Update: A. Dightam wrote to correct my claim that two finger tapping did not simulate a right click. He was right and after a bit of two finger tap, tap, tapping it works like a charm.I used my analog to Bluetooth adapter to connect to my favorite Bluetooth headset and it worked as expected. I have my fingers crossed native support for Bluetooth audio is in the works.I have tested two USB devices. My USB Xbox Vision webcam works with the camera app. Frame rate is disappointing but happy to see I have at least one alternative to the built-in camera. In anticipation of Netflix support, I connected my wireless Lenovo Multimedia Remote Keyboard and it worked flawlessly. Unlike Apple and Windows device installs, I saw no driver install message and both devices were usable within seconds of plugging into the USB socket. Sweet!Update #2:Have used HDMI out to stream Amazon movies to big screen TV and works like a charm. Still missing Netflix and Audio Blue Tooth support which could trigger my return of the unit if not forthcoming. I use a BT transmitter to pair with BT headsets but that is becoming tiresome. I am getting used to Google Docs and, given my limited laptop demands re. word processing and spreadsheet data entry, Google docs is all that is needed when using the Chromebook. The matte screen continues to impress me. Would be hard to take it back but I really depend on Bluetooth audio. I have another 10 days to decide if I am willing to wait and trust Google / Samsung to make it happen.Expiration Date Update:I happily allowed the window for returning my Chromebook expire. After trying three different Atom based Windows 8 hybrid tablet / laptop machines I settled on an Asus RT and docking keyboard. This geek never expected to purchase and use, much less like, a Windows RT device but stranger things have happened to me. Although I love the Win RT machine, I am almost equally fond of the Chromebook.The size, weight, good battery life,lovely screen, great keyboard and NO FUSS operating system made it a keeper. I am even growing fond of Google docs. The Asus Windows RT makes for a sweet tablet and I feel as secure using it as I do the Chromebook but it is not the laptop replacement I sought. As long as my portable demands remain as limited as they are now, the Chromebook makes for an excellent laptop experience.I miss Netflix, Skype, audio Bluetooth and if the price had not been so low and the Asus RT so good at filling in for these missing bits, I would have returned the Chromebook. At $200 - $250 it makes sense ... anything above that would take it a non starter for me.I changed the rating from 2 to 3 stars. Missing too many bits to warrant 4.UPDATE!!!As of March 11, 2013 Netflix is supported! BRAVO! Now for audio Bluetooth and Skype! Sweet!
computer|Alright, so if you're thinking about buying this computer just for taking to class with you, or going out in public with it, this is perfect for you. This computer is awesome for school, I love being able to take it with me pretty much everywhere. It's very light and has a comfortable keyboard, so it's great for working on stuff outside, or to take notes on in class.The webcam is cute, picture quality is eh, don't buy this computer for the webcam, because it's not that great.The design is great, the body is a uni-body style, kinda like what you would see on a macbook, but it's made of plastic. Durable plastic, yes, but don't expect a metal casing.The operating system is kinda weird. I'm pretty positive it is android based. It is more formally called &#34;Chrome OS&#34; but it's really just a google version of android. If you don't like android, you probably won't like this operating system, so just save up and get a macbook or ipad instead.The touchpad (for the cursor) is pretty annoying sometimes. Get a wireless mouse, it will serve you well. Plus, this computer is cheap enough that it isn't a big deal to buy a mouse for it. It's got bluetooth, so a bluetooth mouse would work well for this device.Computer doesn't work with iphone, but I heard it syncs with Android phones? But I'm not sure, I have an iphone, so I can't test it. Not really too upset that it won't sync with my iphone, because my phone pretty much stands alone as a functional device anyway.Overall, I love my chromebook for what I bought it for; school. I still have to use my desktop for quite a few things, so this computer does not replace my desktop, but this is a perfect in-between device when I'm not in my room using my primary computer.
computer|Let me just say that there are some great features to this computer. I love the portability, design, and excellent battery life.Unfortunately, this device is just not made for college students period. You will see that if your school uses blackboard, some of the ppt formats that some teachers use will not work with google docs! You can download the sliderocket app but its incredibly slow to load each ppt. Maybe one day they will fix this issue but as of now many students have had this issue since last year with no resolve. I wish this device had some way to upgrade ram and the drive like the acer model but thats a completely different issue.
computer|Simple to use. No viruses, very good speed, light to carry. Pretty much everything you need. Sound and volume average. Would definitely recommend!
computer|For what it is i am pleased. For the price and stability of it i cant complain. Being a dependable little laptop was important as it comes with likeables such as its security and being maintenance free lets you use it without worry of problems. It makes a comfortable little laptop for around the house. It comes on fast, which is nice to do a quick thing or two, then it is lite and easy to handle which is a bonus. It also charges reasonably fast. very satisfied
computer|I can't believe how many negative reviews there are out there by people either comparing them to tables or laptops with windows/mac os or complaning because they can't play their favorite video game. This is not a regular laptop that you will install your video games, skype and a bunch of other programs. If you don't read about the specs prior to your purchase, I'm sorry but you're the one to blame not Google. You should've known that netflix is not supported yet prior to your purchase. And if you're willing to spend $500 on an ipad and throw another $100 on top of that for a bluetooth keyboard, stop comparing that $600 device of yours to $249 chromebook. That is apples to oranges.This super fast, super portable machine is sold out everywhere for months now. I ordered on Amazon expecting a shipping date of late January. I constantly checked every online retailer and Best Buy daily. I was getting frustrated but to my surprise one of the local Best Buy stores in my town listed a status of 'in store only'. I called them right away only to be told that they have their own waitlist for them. However, frustration in my voice was enough to convince the salesperson to say he'd put one on hold for me. When I got there I was super excited to find out that one of the two chromebooks they received for the day was put on hold under my name. Thank you for making my day Best Buy!Thank you Samsung! Thank you Amazon for all the great reviews you have provided!
computer|because my wife is not a computer vet--the Chrome is difficult. I am a computer Vet but I can't help her because the Google terminology is foreign. We have a neighbor who has helped a lot. We still have the box in case my wife gets too frustrated but so far so good--I am not pushing. She has a Kindle that she uses for weather and reading books-she wants the Chrome to search the web and write stuff so we will see
computer|this is essentially a netbook running a wifi based operating system with "apps" basically being bookmarks that open tabs for websites.That's it!You won't find much functionality without wifi. If you are in a place without wifi and have a little tech skill you should be able to set up your phone as a wifi hotspot. I have even found a way to tether/hotspot my galaxy note 2 with sprint without having to enable the option through them(who likes paying for functionality you should have for free right?)So you have to be in a wifi area or be willing to tether your book to your phone.This Chromebook uses the ARM based processor so NETFLIX, HULU and Amazon Streaming do not yet work.If you want those to work out of the box you will be better off going with the Acer C7 which runs an Intel processor with a little more pep and support for those services at the expense of a warmer running temperature and a shorter battery life.My mom has the Acer C7 and loves it.These little laptops are for web browsing 95% of the time, you can play flash games easy enough and write emails and use evernote or google docs to type things up if you really need to. You can even set up a printer really easily. It does take a little getting used to though working settings through a chrome tab.I like having an extremely portable device to mess with.That said, I do still use a Toshiba 13" laptop and a Gaming PC. This won't replace those entirely. This is good for the bedroom really. Sitting with it on your lap for 4 hours reading the news, emailing friends, checking amazon, updating facebook or twitter.It's simple, cheap and I love it. Oh and it doesn't support a ton of video formats so don't expect it to be used for a lot of video watching. Encode things in MP4 if you really want to watch them. AVI and MKV aren't working for me at the moment.
computer|This is a Chromebook. It's not intended to be a windows replacement although I bought it primarily to replace my laptop. I found that 95% of my time was on internet, not on native windows apps so I gave it a try. I had previously tried to do that with a tablet and found that there were times when I wanted to type more that getting out the bluetooth keyboard and connecting were just too much trouble. What I have done is put my 17 inch heavy laptop in my office and set it to never sleep and closed the lid. On the few occasions I need to do something on Windows then I just simply use Chrome Remote Desktop and remote into my laptop to do it. Now I've found that my tablets and the Chromebook almost completely replace my need to haul my laptop around the house.I had a few issues with this device primarily around WiFi but I suspected that was because it was so new and the Chrome OS was not yet mature on these. I changed to the Beta channel and sure enough my WiFi issues were corrected with the next release of the OS.Aside from that there are some minor irritants like the USB 3.0 port and the headphone jack being tight and having to push too hard to get the devices in, but these aren't too important. Without these issue I would have given the device 5 stars.The speed which the Chromebook boots and is ready (about 10 seconds) and the speed which it awakes from sleep (about 3 seconds) is simply outstanding and makes this a tremendous portable device. The number of apps available for Chrome is excellent and even the display works perfectly even though it is not high definition. I barely notice the text resolution and I didn't buy it for a HD video experience so that is not an issue for me. The 100G of storage offered in the cloud with this device makes it a steal.This is an inexpensive device SO DON'T EXPECT THE BUILD QUALITY of an expensive device. That said however, the build quality is certainly fine and the chiclet keyboard is excellent.I highly recommend this device for anyone who mainly is connected in browser. It is much more convenient than a tablet for typing and much more portable and faster than a laptop. Well done Google and Samsung!
computer|So far I really like my Chrome Book, got it for travel so when I am out of town I can get things done
computer|This is a great computer (lite), especially for the price. This is now my main travel computer, it is so much better than lugging around a laptop. True, it does only Chrome - but not a lot of drawbacks and much better than IE. Do yourself a favor and get a wireless mouse to go with it.Google now allows you to download and store all of your email and docs offline on this device so makes it even more convenient when travelling. Chrome also has the extension available to access your main computer remotely as well. Also can read spreadsheets. powerpoints, etc.The only downside is the now delete key. At first glance no big deal but you would be amazed how many times you find yourself reaching for it.If the screen is big enough to read for you - then I would recommend this computer for most of the users out there.
computer|I am new to chrome and cloud, but I am very impressed with the speed and quality of build of the new Samsung Chromebook. I have alot to learn but am enjoying web surfing, email, and facebook.
computer|This was a present to my girlfriend. It exceeded my expectations. It is lightweight, has a nice-sized screen & the keyboard and mouse are great (eg, feel, look, function).It doesn't boot but just turns on/off in seconds.Best of all, it does not require any additional expense (eg, virus software, internet account). Connects to any WI-FI. GF plans to spend more time at Starbucks this year. Ha!At $249, this is the steal of the season.
computer|Great computer, fast and everything that I expected! Very compact, slim and small. This is a great computer for anything.
computer|Never going back to a PC or a Mac again. This computer is fast, light, easy to use and all the software is free
computer|Chromebook provides features I didn't know I needed but won't do without from now on. Newer features such as the intuitive dialog and and auto fill make filling out applications a breeze. Having a secure environment like the cloud gives me peace of mind when I'm working on important data and knowing that the chromebook automatically saves what I'm working on every few minutes gives me peace of mind. The chromebook is so affordable it made my decision to make the switch a very easy one.
computer|The Samsung Chromebook is an incredibly useful device. When my laptop died, I decided to take a chance and go for the Chromebook. I haven't looked back. The machine works as advertised and, for my life and work, there aren't any non-web programs that I miss.
computer|Great for travel or the coffee shop etc. But remember it needs wifi.Everything that I expected. I would highly recommend it.
computer|Chrome OS offers the easiest maintenance model of desktop operating systems: setting up, upgrading, protecting, back-uping or updating require much less time and skill.With the maturation of Docs, the addition of offline capabilities, and the abundance of media streaming services, Chrome OS now offers a full solution for most needs.What I still lack is a high end hardware solution: a high quality display, back-lit keyboard, 14" size, larger battery, better speakers.
computer|For the price point this is a wonderful device. It does far more than you would expect. This was a gift for a friend of mine and he Loves it and uses it daily. With this you can easily get to what you want to see on the internet within seconds.
computer|I was a little skeptical about the idea of a ChromeBook... Some Google products "just work" and other ones, not so much (see GoogleTV, Google Desktop, etc).But the idea of a thin, light, high-quality, stylish (think 'Apple-esque') laptop for less than $300... And I was curious enough to take the chance.And I wasn't disappointed. My daughter was using it for homework within FIVE MINUTES of unpacking it. Literally. We added her Google account and away she went... All her bookmarks, passwords, etc were instantly available. Don't get me wrong, I use and appreciate the 'Google Ecosystem' but was prepared for some lag in terms of accessibility while waiting for a sync or something. Nope, thanks to being signed into Chrome on the desktop and mobile, there was no lag. Instantaneous availability of our customization's...And this model doesn't get hot either. I was worried about heat... nope, none...The only downside is that Netflix isn't yet working for the ARM-based ChromeBook models... But a fix is promised soon.Thanks Google!
computer|Perfect laptop for students using Google Docs for assignments. Also very handy in family room for daily use that does not require a work laptop.
computer|This little laptop is ideal for one on one instruction, or for those who need an extra laptop in the classroom. I purchased this unit to test out in a classroom, and it ended up coming very handy for literacy support and intervention sessions. It works great with our setting because of our Google Apps for Education domain usage. Each of our students can login and access all of their docs. I can't recommend this enough. However, do be careful with it. It is not as sturdy as a Macbook, or other usual classroom computers.
computer|I absolutely love this computer! It is super fast, lightweight and you cant beat the price. Hope Santa brings everyone a Samsung Chromebook! Merry Christmas.
computer|I did not know internet usage could be so fast!!! From the minute I open my Chromebook, I &#34;zip&#34; . Love it!
computer|For basic computer needs, this is a great product. Don't like how you can't do certain things without downloading apps but overall very satisfied for the money. Great Start up and Shut Down time. Very lightweight, making it easily portable.
computer|Very light and and thin laptop, plan to use it when travelling, but cannot run some apps lik Java, so more work needed for Chrome OS.
computer|Great laptop to leave next to the sofa. The battery life could be a bit better but I think it depends more on your brightness settings than anything.
computer|The Google chrome software is really nice, after one night of messing around on it iv allready learned alot and i really like it. This is a computer that 100% needs internet for every thing but thats the reason why i got it so it works for me, iv rated it 4 stars because its a bit small overall screen size and weight
computer|no OS besides chrome - It is the only downside or in my opinion it is the best upside because of the lack of windope software and all the ram/hard drive space that a normal laptop uses. Also for some, the lack of ethernet port & CD tray may be annoying if they were hoping for a true laptop. It is a glorified tablet without a touch screen but I must say browsing the web on wifi is extremely fast. Bluetooth and chrome apps are becoming my friends and I transferred all my music to Google Play. Another couple bonuses is the long battery life - reminds me of my ipad 2 or even longer and who doesn't love the quick booting when you start it up. At $249 free shipping it is a no-brainer.
computer|If you need to or want/expect to download and install programs like Skype or the latest video game or even torrent things, this is not for you.If you already live, work, and play in the cloud then this laptop is for you!Anything you already do in a chrome browser you can do on this laptop. And that's pretty much it. IT sounds limited but you can actually do a lot online. For example i used to think i needed microsoft office for docs, excel, and power points, but Google has Google Drive where you can make docs and sheets online and access them anywhere and other people can view and access them too. Then Google has a music vertical for your music.It's a great laptop. My only issue is that i wish it had 4 GB of ram instead of 2 GB because sometimes i go tab crazy or i find myself on a media site that is really heavy and trying to load lots of things... this can really slow things down despite a fast internet connection. But i understand that adding more would make the laptop more expensive and possibly heavier, etc.I still find that i need another windows laptop for some things (like skype video and torrent and to browser those crazy loading sites), but i still stand by this product and i can foresee in the future better releases with more power and also solutions that would allow me to do away with needing windows OS.
computer|This is an awesome computer, especially considering how it cost about a quarter of my last computer, and is just as functional. There is only some software improvements that need to be made (which I'm sure will be rolled out with further updates of the Chrome OS) like support for Netflix, support for torrents, and perhaps native support for uploading music to Google Music.Overall, if you have lots of data with Google already, this computer is a good way to keep all your things organized.Pros:Battery lifeStartup timeEase of usewebcamkeyboardbluetoothweb storeCons:speaker qualitysoftware supports (doesn't support Netflix yet, or torrents)
computer|This machine is ideal for internet fans. It's ready to go when you lift the lid. Amazing. Easy to use and fast. Highly recommend it!
computer|Love the battery life (8+ hours), practically instant 'boot up.'The only downside is that Google apps are pretty poor at handling Powerpoint presentations (practically worthless). Does well with Word documents and decent with Excel.
computer|Currently I own a unibody MBP and 24in iMac. Decided to try Chromebook because I will be doing a decent amount of traveling over the next year. The Chromebook is light and the keyboard is great. The Chrome OS has dramatically improved. Looking forward to seeing what new Apps emerge for this device over the next few months.
computer|This is great little computer if you are happy living almost entirely in the &#34;Google World&#34;. Understand it was designed to make it simple and easy to work on the web without worry about getting a virus. Apparently it is very popular or they didn't make enough of them. It can be hard to find in stock.
computer|It is one of the best pieces of hardware I've ever buy.It's probably a little cheap on the built, but besides that, it's a great companion.Light, fast boot, responsive, good battery life.If you are Google cloud-centric, a ChromeBook is extremely useful.The Chrome Remote Desktop app is really a breakthrough, I can access all my computers (home, office, my wife's) flawlessly.
computer|I think there are plenty of reviews to point out the great things about this chromebook, and they are absolutely correct. This is a great small, light laptop that's great use when lounging on the couch or to travel with, especially when your main focus is to simply browse the web. There are certainly other useful ways to use this (games and apps), but I think the target audience here are people that prefer to browse the web on a device with a keyboard (which sets this apart from a tablet), and may use it for other tasks sporadically.The one issue I have is that I tend to have "heavy hands" when I type or use the track pad. By this, I mean that I put a lot of weight on the palms of my hands on each side of the track pad (below the keys). I use a 13" macbook as my main computer and this has never been an issue; however, with the plastic construction, this is an issue with the chromebook.The issue is when I use the track pad with my right hand. I leave my left palm resting to the left of the track pad and when I do, "clicking" the trackpad by pressing down doesn't work. There is a software feature which allows you to tap the mouse for clicks, but the issue I'm talking about is the physical click by depressing the track pad. The times this is most noticeable are the following:- When resting the laptop on a soft surface, such as your lap- When the laptop is on a hard surface, but the front of the laptop hangs over the edge a bit.- This is kind of hard to explain, but sometimes when I'm walking around with my laptop, I hold it with my left hand with my four fingers on the bottom of the left side, and my thumb on the top, squeezing on the laptop with a firm grip. This allows me to use the trackpad when I'm standing, walking around... When holding the laptop like this, the trackpad click also fails. This is probably not a practice done my most people though :)* If the chromebook is on a hard surface (table) without hanging over the edge, this issue is not seen.What's more interesting is that this only happens if your hand is pressed down on the left side of the track pad. If you use your left hand to control the track pad, (with a heavy right hand), you won't notice this issue.I think having a macbook with it's aluminum unibody has given me bad habits because the construction is so solid, but when we're talking about a $1,500 price difference between the macbook and chromebook, I think it's understandable. The chromebook is a $250 laptop and you can't expect the construction to be on par with macbook. This is just a small annoyance and when it happens, I just have to remember to lift my left hand to allow the the track pad to work properly.Aside from that, I love the chromebook and find myself using it more than my macbook now because it's so light and convenient -- not to mention, you feel more comfortable casually carrying it around since you are less concerned with damaging an electronic device that is so cheap :).Sorry, one more thing -- There is no right-click with the chromebook -- you use a two finger click for a right-click functionality (one finger for left click). I like this, but when you are using multiple laptops, it's easy to forget.**** Update ****I have a terrible time streaming youtube vidoes which is why I'm assuming netflix is STILL not supported. Youtube definitely has its own issues, but I have streamed the same video side-by-side with my chromebook and macbook, and have no issues with the macbook. Furthermore, my download speed is 45mbps and upload is 5mbps, so this is not a bandwidth issue.You can pause the video and allow it to buffer (youtube only buffers so much so it may be necessary to pause several times while watching a video), but should that really be necessary? Chromebook has capable hardware, so this must be a software issue. They have fixed another major annoyance I had to deal with for a few weeks (chromebook wouldn't "wake up" when opening the lid and a hard reboot was necessary). I hold out hope this will also be addressed, but I would probably give this review 3 1/2 stars at this point and find myself having to switch back to my macbook more and more.If you like to stream a lot of video, I would NOT recommend this laptop at this point :)
computer|simple. usable. economical. nothing sexy, it just gets it done! Going SaaS has never been so easy, reliable, and flexible!
computer|I can't believe how nice this Chromebook is. Log in takes seconds. Keyboard is easy to use. Love it!! Price doesn't hurt either.Awesome!!
computer|I love my iPad, my kindle fire and my Nexus, but my productivity is much increased with the Chromebook. Google's cloud can't be beat.
computer|For graduate school I was planning on getting a tablet but was convinced to get the chrombook because of it's size, it's lightweight, loads of apps on google play, and since most of my papers I write in google docs (it works through wifi), I didn't need to save it to a hard drive. My only complaint is that there is trouble with connectivity. I've tried in different locations &, where my heftier laptop works just fine, the chromebook spins 'thinking' about uploading a page. A friend got a chrombook at the same time & has never experienced this problem, though.
computer|Pros:Easy to use;If it runs in the Chrome browser it works.Internet Entertainment Device.I could hook a camera up to it and post pictures on lineI could hook a mouse if I didn't want to use the touch pad.The touch pad is functional, I like the &#34;click&#34; feature on the pad itself.Cons:No Java (Javascript of course, but not Java)support.Has &#34;hung&#34; a few times, forcing an extended holding down of the power button, more than the 6 seconds documented.Also, it got confused a couple of times thinking it was an &#34;out of box&#34; experience all over again. (this hasn't happened again in the last 2 weeks and it only happened one day twice in a row)
computer|So far I'm really enjoying the Chromebook.. There are somethings that take getting used to when your used to a regular P.C.Still haven't been able to get my older Wi-Fi printer to work,and It won't run Java. But for 249.00 its ideal for surfing the web, paying bills and having an inexpensive backup for my other laptop.
computer|System is provided with next to no documentation, hence it requires a great deal of digging on the internet to really effctively use this computer. However my satisfaction level is good especially considering the cost!
computer|Great value. Handles 95% of needs with tiny overhead &no virus/malware worries. Nice that free access to Verizon network included. Virtually everything you need is available at low or no cost vs the expense & security issues with Windows based pc's. This is the new way to go!
computer|This is an amazing product, and more than does anything I need it to do. It is a different animal than a PC or Mac its in a league of its own. If you like to simply surf the web, watch a few shows here and there and listen to music its great! However Netflix and chrome are still working out there differences. Hulu works just fine.My work has also shifted to the cloud via Google, so its quite easy to get work related tasks done with Google docs and apps.All in all it is a great little machine with a good price.
computer|I just love my Chromebook. We have been using it for the past 6 months and absolutely love this little machine. It took some time to get used to when we first had it but now everything feels simpler. Printing seemed complicated at first but once we got it down it's easier than before. I can now print wirelessly from my Chromebook, yes! Not only that I can remote desktop from Chrome browser to my Windows machine, so if I need anything I can do that without having to be physically next to the computer. And with Google docs I no longer have a need for MS Office suite. All in all it changed the way I do things and life has been simpler.
computer|I have had quite a few devices especially lately.Maybe I need to go to Tech Anon but I love getting the latest phones ect.I have a Kindlw FireHD , a LG Google gslate(8.9 3d) tablet.A ATT atrix 4g phone/lapdock setup.I own aT Mobile Note2 and my wife has a TMobile Galaxy3.We aee Samsung fans from the get go.Anti Apple to the core. That being said. I have always admired the sleek design of the MacAir book.Apple does have the lock on design.I prefer Win8 ( 3 computers running it) I saw the Chromebook after buying the latest Kindle FireHD and being amazed by the Kindle.199 buys a lot these days. I ordered it online at Amazon.Back ordered.Hmmmph.I cancelled the order a few days later and went to BestBuy.They can't keep them in stock.YThey get 100 they fly out the door.Hmmmph. Figure OK play by the rules.re order the 8th off dec. received today. Initial setup easy as they claim.Verizon didn't go well.Required a call.!rst 2 depts. did not even know what a chromebook was.2 flips later Teck support ( same dept as 1rst flip) Austin was knowlegable.went into Linux manual setup and 3g works fine Screen is fine.Not a HD screen but nice enough for most apps. Cloud will take some getting used to but this book will be used for couch surfing and some photo editing.100 gb free.Music sounds good.20,000 songs off my home pc are stored on the cloud now( didn't than 100 gb space) with google play. Desk top remote.wow. works great. can use Netflix or any app from there.I can print from there( still working on cloud printer setup canon 920 all in one. I read all the neg reviews and the pos before I buy an item these days.I get a feel beforehand what to expect. I am well pleased with this item.I paid 329.00 [lus tax free shipping with Amazon Prime.It is my Christmas gift to myself after buying everyone else something.I am sure I will enjoy this Samsung Chromebook for a long while.Samsung rocks and Google will rule the world before it is over!
computer|Honestly, I was a bit disappointed when I started up this new &#34;computer&#34;. The touchpad is not from sensitive enough. The keyboard is okay. Given by this price. But I am still happy about this product. Because it is sold at a such a low price! And if you want convenience and low price. This is a good choice.
computer|Needless to say, this is a fantastic product. Just beware ordering from Amazon Warehouse Deals, as people are apparently ordering these, claiming the free Google Drive account then returning them. The promo is linked to the device, so if you buy open box, you'll save $15, but be out the $5/month for 24 months savings on Google Drive 100GB.
computer|It is perfect for the family computer. Simple and easy to quickly check email and websites. Accessable and portable so that you can take into whatever room you choose.
computer|When I write an email I would like to toggle back and forth between two languages, English and Chinese, but I cannot do it. I can write in different languages in Google Doc and then copy and paste.When I search in Google.com, again, I would like to type in another language, but I cannot do it. I have to go back to Google doc to create a string and copy and pasteWhen I want to save a google.doc in Word format, there is such a format, but it does not work.It is a light weighted, fast, quiet machine, and fun to play with, but not as functional as I would like.
computer|I ordered this computer to go along with my macbook pro or as I call it, the powerhouse, that I have sitting at my desk. However the problem with the macbook is it is huge and a pain to lug around and disconnect and reconnect to my external display constantly. Along comes the chromebook 3G. An amazing light machine, perfect size, full keyboard which reminds me a lot of my keyboard on the macbook, and it is pretty fast. I will admit it doesnt seem to be as smooth as the macbook pro is, but thats a 1500$ machine. This thing costs 250$. It works absolutely brilliantly for the purpose (Travel and daily carrying), as a companion to the macbook pro. The materials do feel a little 'cheap' however I expected that, it adds to the weight and the cost to case this thing in aluminum. Overall i'm very satisfied, also pretty excited to use my Gogo inflight passes over the holidays while traveling at 30,000 feet.
computer|Barely what I expected. I expected to put my jump drive in and go. Not at all the way this works. Download this download that. Based on the reviews I have to believe that is not what this computer is used for. The good points are the web browser is excellent. Extremely quick....in fact it's better then my iPad, kindle fire hd, and HTC hands down. It you want to check email, watch videos, and type papers....get device. Not a device to put powerpoints together. If I'm wrong somebody please correct me. Iv'e purchased 2 books about chrome through amazon and they basically say the same thing. No clip art, basic powerpoint and I can't get the bluetooth to work at all. The least it could do was link up with my Bose sounddock. I'm sending this one back.
computer|light weight, well constructed, fast startup. It's too bad I bought as a gift for my 81 yr old father. I would have liked to keep it for myself
computer|It was a little iffy at first but then the OS updated itself and now it works just fine for all my internet needs. Can't beat it for the price.
computer|As someone who doesn't have time to do much else on a computer besides use web based services, this little bugger is perfect for me. Quick boot time, no fan, light, and cheap. No complaints.
computer|I bought this for my mother, who is not tech sabby at all. This chrome book is perfect for anyone who is new to computers, user friendly and fast.
computer|For a product that's supposed to work out of the box, this has been a time consuming hassle. When trying to activate my Verizon account, I got an error message telling me my device could not be activated. Next came the following 7 day process:1. 40 minutes alternating between hold and a very confused Verizon rep2. Two hours of research and an attempt to correct the problem myself3. 2nd call to Verizon to request a check that my machine is in the system. Discovered it was not and that they couldn't enter the data for me.4. Track down contact info for a Chrome Ninja, fill out form, wait to be contacted.5. Call from Chrome Ninja where we conferenced in with Verizon and got my data put in the system. Was told I'd have to wait up to 72 hours to activate.6. Tried every 24 hours until the 72 was up and failed to activate.7. Called Verizon to see if my number was in there. It was not. They still couldn't help and told me to contact the Chrome Ninja again.8. Waited two days to hear back from my Ninja since I emailed on his weekend.9. Call from Ninja with Verizon again. Told to wait 24 hours.10. Success! Finally!I understand this is rare and that I got that tiny percentage that slips through the cracks. My warning to 3G buyers: If your Verizon account won't activate, do not waste any time calling Verizon. Go straight to the Chrome Ninja and have them handle it.Aside from the unexpected difficulty of activating my Verizon account, my experience with the Chromebook has been extremely positive. It's exactly what I was looking for: a secondary to my bulky laptop that I can cart about easily to quickly access the internet.
computer|I bought the Chromebook because it is smaller than my laptop. I thought it would work great to read books so I don't have to bring my Kindle when I am away.The Chromebook was really easy to set up and personalise. There's a screen guide to walk you through the setup.It was odd going from the windows to the google operating system, but it only took a couple days to get with it.The battery lasts a long time too. 6-7 hours.I am very happy with my purchase
computer|The Chromebook is an amazing machine in theory but the fact that most of them are unable to wake up from sleep mode is currently rendering them unpractical. Why doesn't anyone mention the fact that nearly all Chromebooks that are being put out are suffering from the "sleep of death" !? Everyone who is receiving Chromebooks now are getting a Chromebook that doesn't recover from sleep mode and so you have to hold the power button for 10 seconds and turn it back on. You basically can't leave the Chromebook idle because it'll go into sleep mode and not wake back up until you manually reboot it which is bad for all of the hardware and software. The same is to be said if you are to close the Chromebook while it is still powered on because this too will bring the machine into sleep mode. I just got my Chromebook and it suffers from this.I've been attempting to copy and paste the links to the issue from the Google Groups and Chrome OS Forum but they haven't been able to show up, so I've supplied the URL's in the "reply's" section of my review. *THESE ARE IMPORTANT AND IF YOU ARE CONSIDERING PURCHASING A CHROMEBOOK, YOU NEED TO LOOK OVER THE TWO FORUM'S!*Also - type in "Chromebook Sleep" in a Google search and look at all the reviews/complaints that populate!
computer|I had this Chromebook for 8 days. There was lots to like, but it seems to be very picky about what periperhals it will recognize in the USB ports. The small Kensington mouse that I like to use wasn't recognized by it. At first, I wondered if it was me, but then I tried the same mouse in my husband's Acer Chromebook, and all 4 of its USB ports recognized it immediately.I thought maybe it was just my Samsung Chromebook, so I took it back to Best Buy. The mouse they put in at the Geek Squad worked. I figured it was just the Kensington mouse that it was picky about so I bought another one at Best Buy and tried it out in the store: no go. The Google Chrome Sales Specialist was called over. She used the mouse I had just bought on her personal Samsung Chromebook, which was not the Exynos 5 Dual Processor Samsung, but a different model. It worked immediately. Then we went to the Exynos 5 Dual Processor Samsung in the store that was the display model, and it wouldn't recognize it.Obviously, the problem isn't in all Samsung Chromebooks, but does seem to be an issue with the new one, the $249 one.I didn't want something so picky, so I exchanged it for the Acer Chromebook.I guess differences between the Acer and the Samsung include the Samsung looks cooler, weighs less, has longer battery life, and doesn't have an regular Intel processor so it is very quiet. However, it seems very picky in terms of peripherals, doesn't play Netflix yet, and doesn't have a replaceable battery. Also, the Acer doesn't have Bluetooth capability, and the Samsung does.I decided to go with the Acer. I wanted to love the Samsung but the USB issue and the no Netflix makes a difference, though the Netflix issue is something they are working on.
computer|On paper this thing really stands out, super fast next-gen processor, lightweight Google-oriented operating system, manufactured by a top-shelf company, etc. It's prettymuch the perfect mobile computing device for those who need a full keyboard and basic functionality without the clunkiness of windows.Software-wise it's dead-simple. Everything runs through the Chrome web browser. This is a little off-putting at first, for example I open the chromebook settings, and I'm in a tab inside the chrome browser. Wtf? So it takes a little getting used to. Also, we had a bit of an experience transferring some MS Office docs to google drive, converting them into Google Docs format, and having a little silliness ensue (spacing, etc got a little wacky). But I can honestly see the software replacing everything I did in Windows.Hardware-wise this thing is just barely adequate. The reason I say that is because there are areas that really stand out as quality, and others that made me cringe. One of the cringe-worthy items was that the bezel around the LCD screen doesn't tuck neatly into the backing. What this means is that there is a (tiny) edge that pokes out a (tiny) bit all the way around the outside edge of the screen that is a (tiny) bit loose. Like I can stick my fingernail into the seam. The other area that bugged me is the trackpad clicking action feels really cheap, I decided to tap to click instead to avoid using it.There are those of you who would critique my opinion claiming that I can't expect a $250 laptop to feel 100% premium. I'd answer that by saying it's my right as a consumer to demand unreasonable things. That's how progress is made, and it's why we aren't still using boxy slow laptops from the 90s.The highlight for me was the form factor, the LCD panel, and the keyboard. The overall shape and design of the chromebook is superb. Light, rigid, and sleek. The screen is large enough for comfortable web browsing, has decent viewing angles, and is very bright on full power. I was also impressed at the clarity and color of the screen. The keyboard as well pays homage to the high-end macbook pro series with it's black chiclet keys and comfortable key presses. It feels premium to me.I kind of wanted to give this 3/5 stars for the build quality issues mentioned above, but the software is rock solid and the screen/keyboard are great, so I bumped it up to a 4/5 rating.I'll follow up after some time if anything noteworthy happens.
computer|I like the speed and consistency of this little laptop. The price was great and its use for travel and as a second computer can't be beat.
computer|Ackward web browser and music player. Considering, that this the only thing the Chromebook does, why would you buy it?-very few apps like Andriod or Iphone, most "apps" are bookmark/links to a webpage (most for use for while online)-Small screen & tiny text, constantly resizing pages and scrolling-Every thing you do is thru an awkward because its done thru a webpage as you cant load software.-Seems to be set-up for default use of Google web apps (for example, Google Docs)-No way to sync a cell phone to Chromebook.-Bluetooth only for keyboard and mouse.-Plays Youtube nice in fullscreenGood review at this site.[...]Some more details on what the Samsung Chromebook-Small fonts and objects, not well planned for a smallish 11.6 screen. It is a strain to see in the default settings (like login screen), but web-page zooming is more bearable. In the advanced settings you can enlarge, but you are constantly scrolling screen, zooming in & out, as system screens and Chrome browser as not formatted well to fit screen. My Samsung android cell phone does better job of fitting information to a small screen.-Everything is set up to use cloud, by design. With very little memory, everything is set up to store on cloud (profitable for Google?), and by design the memory is small. Very little intelligence built in, again by design, you cannot load any programs (word processing, spreadsheets, etc) that to do things off-line. By design you need use browser connected online to a site that has apps. Only thing you can do with your files is save/store/move as there are no intellegent programs loaded. Even if your file is stored on machine, yes can play music offline and edit document (but I heard this is risky). In the file manager app, you must click checkbox then scroll to top or bottom (not consistent whether top or bottom) to see if there any options (like copy/paste/move).-It is ackward to download from cloud to Chromebook (like mp3). When you download your mp3 from the cloud, it gives you NO options to store it in an organized fashion. No options for download location, your mp3 is downloaded to "Download" folder, then you must move your mp3 to your folder of choice, as there is no default music folder on Chromebook. There no option to sort or filter the music files in either cloud or Chromebook, so to move you music to must click every music file individually or select all files (slelects all music and other files that you may not want to move, so need deselect those), there is no option to just select music files or even use wildcard to select music files as "*.mp3". My guess, is Google wants this to be difficult, so you must use their Cloud music player, I say this because they have ways to sort/filter/select other files, but music is not included.-Not very many apps, not like a Android or I-Phone, and app can be nothing but a link to webpage, and as I said earlier, web pages screens are NOT sized well for Chromebook.-There no way to sync a cell phone to Chromebook, as Chromebook cannot load your PC sync software or any other software. And Google Calendar no longer has sync function.-Bluetooth is only for keyboard and mouse. Cannot use for Bluetooth for: Bluetooth headset, cannot sync or connect your phone via Bluetooth.-Youtube videos are displayed very well, they are beautifulGet a Android tablet, or save a few more dollars and use the money to buy a netbook or laptop.
computer|The hardware is quite usable. The keyboard and track pad are not bad. The screen in not great but for the price, it's OK. It is light and solid feeling.However, I bought this because I wanted to use it to access a Citrix virtual desktop at work. There is a Citrix client for Chromebook, so I thought it might work. Sorry, but it does not. Reason one that it fails is that Google does not support WPA2-Enterprise authentication. So, in my workplace, I cannot get on the network. I had our tech support guy try with me, but a little searching revealed that no one has a workaround for this yet. I would have thought that a device which is 100% dependent on Wifi for doing anything at all would support a much wider range of authentication protocols. Then we used an unauthorized WiFi base station hooked up to our lan, just to try out Citrix. Try as we might, we could not connect. There seem to be Citrix server modifications that need to be installed to make access via the Chrome client workable. That is not going to happen real soon in our shop.So, besides those two failings, it could be a reasonable device if all you want to do it use your Google web apps. I guess Google is not interested in better support for things like enterprise networking and Citrix environments because they cannot spy on you in these situations.
computer|easy to use, and is really fast! The adapter/charger broke however, the metal easily bent, then broke off. Poor quality of this, had to order a new one. Otherwise the chromebook itself is a breeze.
computer|Bought the Chromebook to test it out at work where we use Google Apps pretty much for everything. Works like a charm, nearly instant boot, easy to setup, works well with external devices - even does remote desktop connection to a PC.The only drawback I found is that you can't use Webex or Skype, which we also liberally utilize at work. Google Hangout works impeccably, though.Recommend it to anybody for a quick, on-the-go computer without aspirations for heavy-duty applications.
computer|He loves it. I don't like the fact that it has so many limitations. Can install programs on it and can't run flash...
computer|My turn off was the fact that you can not use Skype on Chromebook, I don't know what else you can not do.... But that was enough reason for me to return it, and buy me a real computer.
computer|I read a lot of reviews and did a lot of research before buying this chromebook. It seemed like it would be a low cost alternative to a tablet. Easy and lightweight to take with you on the go. What I didn't realize is that most of what we would want to use it for would not work on the chromebook platform. Netflix, Minecraft, Roblox... all the things that my son wants to take my computer to do... none of them work on Chromebook! I am very disappointed. I thought this could be his primary device for these activities. I liked that this was less expensive and had a keyboard. I thought it would be more usable than a tablet, I was wrong. As a laptop, it is even less useful because there is no storage for pictures or software and if you want to print something you have to hook your printer up to the cloud, which I could never figure out. I am finding this device useless for anything more than browsing the internet.
computer|Enjoyed the speed of downloading. The graphics were good. The price and the weight was great since I have arthritis and could carry it from room to room. However there was no delete key and the right side scroll bar was a deal breaker for me with arthritic hands. I had to &#34;push&#34; hard on the pad to scroll up and down rather than tap it. I called for help on this issue thinking it was something I did wrong or could change but was told that that was the way it was made. It was very frustrating. Also the Gmail was hard to follow to forward on to my friends. No obvious link was visible so I returned it to go back to my heavy laptop. If Samsung could fix these it would be an excellent move. All in all though it is a nice bang for the buck.
computer|I find the screen quality 2nd to none but the usability of the software, not so much. Searches are slow and it can be cumbersome to find programs sometimes.
computer|This computer is amazing for the price. It lets you browse the internet for hours on end, and pages load relatively quickly. My only complaint is that you can't add a separate program for word processing, and that you have to use Google Docs.
computer|I am a self taught computer guy...bought this for an elder parent to do video calls...this tool was nicely designed...BUT...to difficult to interface with other machines if they were not on gmail......is not compatible with skype....so we tried with chrome support and after one call they refer you to an email/ website process....too difficult....so we returned it....
computer|I got this to use google docs, and it meets my needs perfectly. I occasionally hop on youtube, facebook, check sports scores with this also. It's so tiny, portability is great. It easily fits in my briefcase or backpack and is so light. I never was a big user of hot keys except for copy, paste, undo and whatnot but theres a function that allows you to easily learn them on this computer. Also I love that you have the ability to turn the screen brightness all the way down to a black screen. My favorite part about this computer is how quickly it loads. Even if you turn it off, it just takes a few seconds to get started. My only issue has been the charger is this tiny one, that looks like it might break if someone trips over the cord. I got this because my other laptop screen died, so I got the cheapest thing with a decent rating on Amazon. I am happy so far, I've had it for about 2 months. For people looking for something that functions like a common laptop, this is probably not for you. The operating system is closer to that of a phone or tablet.
computer|This device is incredible. Quick resume, pick up exactly where you left off. Great battery life. I have a $2000 desktop, I don't need another PC that is a headache to maintain with antivirus, updating, and installing programs. I logged in to the Chromebook, it synced all my bookmarks and settings, downloaded my Google Drive files, and updated itself. I couldn't be happier.
computer|Loving this day by day. You cant beat the price of $249.I am looking to replace my aged XP netbook which is heavier and slow. This Chromebook starts fast as promised.Since I already have GMail it worked perfectly, I like each Gmail account has its own sign-in, more private.My usage is mainly e-mailing and internet browsing which this machine fits me to the Tees. Anyone that is looking for full functionality of a Window or Apple may not like this. I do not do any other stuff on this Chromebook.Offline Gmail is also perfect for me when traveling.Since Wi-Fi is becoming more and more prevalent everywhere you go nowadays, getting connected (which is main reason this machine exists) is really not a big problem unless one demands connection 24/7.Those who complain about machine being just a browser is missing the point. I am sure there are plenty like me who use this machine similarly.Now if someone can just tell me where I can get a lighter weight travel charger instead of the original brick that comes with it?
computer|First off, for the $249 price this laptop is amazing. If you already use Google services like GMail, Calender, Docs, and etc this is a no brainer. I can't see myself buying a non Chromebook as everything I use a computer for is done in the browser.
computer|I absolutely love this computer! It exceeded my expectations... It's lightweight, fast and the battery lasts forever! I would definitely purchase this item again.
computer|I truly love this electronic product. It is lightweight, portable and problem free, I have suggested its purchase to many of my older friends.
computer|I've had my Chromebook for quite a while now, and I absolutely believe it was worth the price. I am a part-time college student earning an AA degree who writes fiction on the side and does a lot of surfing, Facebooking, Tweeting and YouTube-ing. I have used the Chrome browser for quite some time now, and so it was very easy for me to get to using my Chromebook right out of the box. Set up is EXTREMELY easy (I was surprised at how fast it was), and the boot up time is amazing. I've timed mine, and it never takes more than 5 seconds to be ready to go. It is more powerful than I expected it to be, but don't buy this if you're looking for a full capacity PC. I even connected my HTC One X+ via USB and it was able to handle set up and transfer with no problem. The weight is perfect for lugging around (I can carry it easily in one hand, and I can't usually handle many heavy things) and it fits snugly in my backpack. This thing weighs less than my French textbook! I have used it regularly for the past three days both at home and in the library at school. It's been a champ.Best for: anyone who wants a quick, easy, no-hassle way to browse, surf, Facebook, write and view YouTube.Not recommended for much gaming or anything like that. The keyboard is lovely to use, and it does take some time to get used to the layout, but as someone who regularly types 90-100WPM, I don't feel that my typing speed or accuracy has suffered AT ALL.I HIGHLY recommend this product to people like myself. The battery life and charge time is wonderful as well. Quick and no nonsense.-Review Written On My Chromebook! :-)
computer|I absolutely love this little wonder. It works great and does everything promised. I'm so glad I purchased it! It is a great value!
computer|Although it's the only &#34;mini-laptop&#34; I've owned, it's a great one for the first of its kind!To begin, I received my chromebook within ONE DAY of ordering. I ordered it Monday, gotit Tuesday the next day. I also got a free 30-day trial of prime!The Chromebook works amazingly well. It has great hotkeys, shortcuts, and smoothcontrol of browsing / use overall.I definitely recommend this product to those of you who just want a simple machinefor browsing / document use / others without the use of major programs / games.
computer|I like google ! This os is good,I want that will new software as many as well!The google is best
computer|The Chromebook is amazing! Super fast, super light, incredibly easy to use. I think Google is really onto something good with a product like this and in this price range. Sadly, the charging port on mine randomly died and I had to send it back to Amazon, but other than that fluke of a hardware failure, it was flawless! :D
computer|Worked right out of the box. Fits both my backpack and shoulder bag with no problem. Does all the connections that I need. Good comparable price.
computer|Starts up real fast and you can search things in a jiffy.Its great but is there a snap on case for it?
computer|this is an amazing computer, and i love it. it becomes packaged carefully, but it takes time to get the box open. other than that, it is wonderful! love my samsung chromebook.
computer|It shipped and arrived very quickly. This chromebook has a setup sort of like a mac. Its easy to setup, and runs fast. I love it.However, if you are trying to replace a pc, this runs a lot differently. There is no windows, you can't save information on the desktop like you might be use to.
computer|A very good substitute for those much bulkier laptops although this one has limited capabilities. But unless you just want to surf the internet, make/edit documents, this is one perfectly fine but if you're more of a power user like playing massive games and do photo/video editing then this one is not for you.
computer|warning chromebooks do very little if not on internet its very light weight and cute and easy to take places ,but you must have the net to do anything runs on linex or linux how ever its spelled and you cant open any stuff you open on windows you cant download anything to the computer you also cannot sync your photos or anything from your phone, you pretty much cant save anything to the laptop.. which sucks but if you are looking for something lighweight and easy to use for a few things here and there its ok.also you cant go skype on here either :( im returning
computer|This chromebook is solid. Nicely built and responsive. The operating system is good, but still a few kinks in it. I wish they included a more hardware-based power button so you can reset on the rare occassion the OS freezes, but that might be a specific downfall of all chromebooks. Otherwise, great buy for the money.
computer|Great value for what you get. I have only had it about 1 month, so I can't speak to its long-term reliability. It turns on quickly and has a nice display. Windows OS takes some getting used to.
computer|This is an amazing device for the price. Yes, there are chromebooks out there that are a little beefier in terms of specs but they look nowhere near as clean as this Samsung chromebook and it is extremely thin. It boots in much less then 10 seconds as well and the battery life is great. Definitely worth the money.
computer|It does everything I expected it to do. It's fast, the battery life is great, and it is insanely light.
computer|My mom bought a Chromebook from Amazon for my daughter at Christmas. Ever since we set it up, it has done nothing but crash every few minutes. Sure it reboots in a matter of seconds, but anything you were working on is lost. I have contacted the manufacturer several times but no response. I've tried resetting to factory settings and other recommended fixes I found in the user forum. Nothing has helped. I don't know if I should wait around for an update or just throw the thing in the trash. What seemed a promising little laptop has turned into a useless waste of my mom's $250. Very disappointed.3/24/13Update: Since I wrote the above review, Google has provided 2 updates for the Chromebook. Since installing them, my Chromebook seems much more stable. I am much happier with it now!
computer|I've been playing with the Samsung 303C for about a week. I bought it with the intended purpose of replacing my Galaxy Tab 2 with a Bluetooth keyboard for taking notes and keeping up with email at work. It will do the note taking better than the Galaxy because the keyboard is much nicer on the Samsung. I use Evernote for the notes and Astrid for the to-do apps on the Galaxy and both of those apps are available via web based access, so that works okay. I had been hoping the Chromebook could use Android native apps but they don't. Obviously that is my fault for not doing enough research.The biggest negative to me is the lack of corporate email access. This is a limitation of my corporate environment but I am not able to use Citrix to log on remotely. Our corporate folks told me the Chromebook is too niche to support. I am also not able to use our company BYOD selected app called GOOD either. GOOD does not offer a Chrome OS version of their app, and from what I can tell, has no plans to do so. So for email, I am out of luck.The OS limitations aside, the machine is well built, feels right, and works as advertised. Others have described the specs well, and I really like it. I find myself missing the touch screen that is on my Galaxy, and have caught myself reaching towards the screen to scroll and highlight, mostly out of habit, but also because it is more efficient in some cases. But for a little over $300 it is a rocking little web based computer. When the rest of the world catches up, and when they add touchscreen and Android app capability, this will be a truly awesome machine. For someone going to school or not in need of corporate connections, it is a very affordable and worthwhile unit.
computer|I have started using my Chromebook 3G both on wi-fi and on 3G. Under a separate comment to the post "Do not order this product", I have described how to set up 3G. I wished an instruction sheet how to do that were included with the laptop and/or Amazon Chat and Tech Support had that information and were able to help.First impressionsLaptop is very light and thin. After starting it, it is amazingly quiet: after all, no fan, no spinning HD, no noise of any kind. I really like it.The Chrome updated itself automatically after finding and connecting without any problems to my wi-fi. When starting it, one needs to select a "user". So far I am using Guest account. Browsing Internet comes without any problems. Some (better designed?) pages load as mobile versions.I have inserted 1GB (only) SD card from my Kodak camera and of course I can browse easily its content. Saving to it a document from the web was a snap.Chromebook 3G has wi-fi, 3G and Bluetooth. Keyboard is very nice, screen is sharp, nothing to complain about. There is a video camera, a microphone, and two small speakers: sound is OK. I wished it came preloaded with Skype for Chrome (if there is one like that) but under Google store there are several programs for video chat. However, I would like to see a Skype version for Chrome. It appears that one must set up an account on Google first to download any app.Must learn what can and what cannot be done with this laptop. For example, can I print on my network wi-fi printer?So, far, very pleasant impressions. I wished the manual had more information. However, there is an extensive manual on the web.This is surely a new way of using laptops: on the cloud printing, on the web data and storage, etc.So far, I am very pleased with it.Second impressionsI am more and more impressed with Chromebook 3G. I have learned how to switch from wi-fi to 3G (after I got 3G set up). In fact, this new comment I type connected via 3G -- it is at least as fast as my wi-fi. I see no difference even with 2 strength bars shown for 3G.Since I am using my laptop as Guest, apparently I can't switch from wi-fi to 3G while logged in as such: When I go to the Settings page and try to enable "Mobile data" (under which there is Verizon wireless) I get a message something like "Only the owner can change that." However, the following works:1. On the Settings page disable wi-fi. It will say "not connected".2. Reboot the laptop.3. A page will appear asking you to select either a wireless network or a mobile data.4. Select "mobile data" and click on "Enable mobile data".5. Assuming you have already set up your 3G prepaid 2 year service which came with this 3G laptop, "Verizon wireless" will appear and laptop will connect to 3G.Perhaps the above steps will also work when the 3G service has not been yet enabled: it would make sense if it did by allowing one to set it up then.So, far I am enjoying this new way of working on a laptop.PS1 The above method also works when switching back from 3G to wi-fi. I hope that switching can be done while logged in as the "Owner" without rebooting (needed apparently when logged in as "Guest").PS2 I have discovered that when Chrome is connected to the Internet via 3G and I disable "Mobile data" on the Settings page, it automatically reconnects to my last-used wi-fi network! Neat!
computer|I was looking for an inexpensive computer that I could easily access the internet with a longer battery life between charges and instant on. This computer does all that well. It is based around the Google Chrome web browser and Google Apps.
computer|For the price, the Chromebook would be hard to beat. No negatives of much note. I'd like to see icons on the desktop and the app icons on the homepage, but certainly not an issue.
computer|This is an excellent product, for fast, travel, light weight....bought for son for birthday along with his own $$....it has been a wonderful addition, secretly I have it in kitchen a lot for recipe look up! Charge holds forEVER!!! Love being able to watch my Amazon prime shows on it as well!!
computer|A good friend of mine said he really liked this laptop and I can see why!! Fast and lightweight - perfect for traveling!!
computer|this is slim and light weight, does connect okay, has very long battery life, easy to power up and off, keeps where you left off, seems okay but with new technology waiting to &#34;see&#34; whether hassle down the road is coming
computer|I bought this computer for a simple at home machine for facebook, reverbnation and playing games. I am an associate pastor at a local church and pairing this computer with my Samsung Galaxy Note 2 has opened up a world of Google Docs I never knew existed. I traveled from New York to California with this computer and the battery life was insane. I am in love with Google. Perfect computer for what I do. Notes, games, staying connected with people. Perfect.
computer|I really like the instant on, light weight and no need for a fan. For my needs which is primarily web or cloud based it is perfect. Chrome OS instead of all the MS bloat keeps things streamlined , simple and efficient.
computer|PROS:She was user her Kindle to surf the web when not reading and if you own a Kindle, you know the battery life sucks. My wife did not like to use my iPad and the Chromebook seemed to be the perfect fit... And it was. Easy to use and LONG battery life AND can also has a Kindle reader.CONS:I want one too. May put my iPad out to pasture and buy one too!
computer|The computer is light and it has google's version of microsoft excel, ppt., word. Beat that microsoft. Google docs. can be converted to microsoft word and you can print using Google Cloud./Its easy to open multiple windows and check many websites at a time as if it were a tablet. The price is unbeatable at 250. A big downside is no android apps are usable in the laptop. Its too bad I don't have an Android phone though. If you are an android phone user, then this laptop is not for you as you can't use android apps. Its a cheap netbook that doesn't do magic. I would recommend having a desktop PC as that is just the ultimate winning combination toward success.
computer|The Chromebook was purchased as a gift and the recipient is very pleased with the product which does everything it should, well.
computer|I was excited to get my Chromebook, unfortunately, on arrival, it would not connect to my WiFi. After several long technical support calls, it was finally deemed that I had received a Chromebook with either a flawed or no OS in it.Thank goodness I had bought it through Amazon! One email later, my 2nd Chromebook was already being shipped and I had a free UPS pickup for the 1st to be sent back!! 2 days later... Tadaaa! Plugged it in, turned it on and it worked wonderfully! I LOVE it! My Chrome home page and all of my Google stuff from my PC and everything loaded on them is automatically right there on my Chromebook too! I'm still getting used to operating everything through apps,and my only small complaint is that until there is a replacement for Java (Google & Mac will not allow downloads because of Java instability) I can't play games from Pogo.com on it, but,I'm hoping that very soon, that will be rectified.My husband has taken it on the road, found plenty of WiFi to connect with and been able to use it easily. Also love the built in camera, the standard sized keys and 'oversized' touchpad, and am VERY pleased with my decision to go with a solid state drive vs a hard drive.Yes I would buy this again! Great deal for the price!
computer|great little toy for morning needs of reading paper, checking email, etc. It is great as it just starts up and no updates all the time. No blue screen of death.........
computer|I bought my chromebook two months ago, and initially had trouble loading web pages with it. Some web pages would load slowly and others would not load at all. However, I contacted chromebook ninja support, and they gave me information on changing my wifi router settings. And that fixed the problem.It's great for streaming netflix and youtube, and for general web surfing. I have a 9.3 inch android tablet. I found that the tablet was not optimal for surfing the web, because webpages never seemed to fit quite right on the screen and I was not wild about the on-screen keyboard.The Chromebook solves both those issues. It has a GREAT keyboard, and webpages load well on the larger screen. Unlike my laptop, it does not need to vent hot air from beneath, so I can keep it on my lap while I watch movies or surf the web or type. It's very thin and light weight. It's not great for playing games. If I want to play games I use my laptop or my tablet. But it's very good at web surfing, which is most of what I do with a computer.I do wish the speakers were a bit louder. For some videos I have to cup my hands behind the speakers to hear them.
computer|Google is on target. No hard drive, just solid state storage. I've been using Google Docs (Drive now) exclusively for years.
computer|Great.laptop with great WIFI connections. Would recommend it any time.Lightweight and easy to take with you. It works online only.
computer|Nice way to access Google Chrome. Inexpensive device we keep out of site in our living area. It totally met my expectations, which are in line for the type of device it is.The big downside is the AC adapter plug which connects the power in the backside of the Chromebook. We've had the device well over a month now. When first inspecting the power connector I was concerned that the male charging pin was extremely small in diameter. Today, I noticed that the pin was bent from normal use and abuse. I've straightened it, and it still works, but I doubt this connector will last very long.To circumvent future damage, I'll not keep the pin connected when storing the Chromebook in the (optional) folio. I imagine the adapter pin was bent while stored in the case?For the price, the chromebook is a great &#34;web checking&#34; device. I'll follow up in a year or so for a &#34;durability&#34; update.
computer|I bought it as an additional laptop computer beacuse my Toshiba laptop is 17&#34; and not easy to carry in my purse. The keyboard helps a lot and I'm able to type faster than on my Kindle Fire. Love it.
computer|The chrome book is extremely light weight, lasts for a long time (battery life amazing). I am a huge google fan so everything is synced to my google account. Things on my phone are on my chrome book and vice versa.I connect this to my tv, has bluetooth, etc. super amazing!One downfall is that netflix doesn't work on this...YET. aside from that I love it.
computer|it was easy to set up like it stated and i only had it shut down on me once. even though that was my fault because the backspace key and the shut down key is so close together. but other than that i am good and happy with my chromebook.
computer|Got this for the kids, they like it better than the tablet because they can do more with it. for 249, its a gem.
computer|Great for everything I do online. Could be a little bit more powerful so all of the games I like would play. Other than that I have no complaints.
computer|It's great looking, light, fast and I loved the price. It took awhile to fully understand the Chrome OS, but now I find it's natural to me.
computer|Very happy with this product, I was a little skeptical at first because of the low price but it is well worth the money...
computer|Not bad if all you need it for is basic usage.Resolution can be better but for basic usage its okay,
computer|BOught this laptop for my daughter as an internet cruiser, its great for her. does everything needed. great buy!!!! money well spent
computer|This purchase exceeded my expectations. My only complaint is that I cannot use Netflix with it. I would also like a CD drive.
computer|Unless you can make your IT Department do a special configuration just for you, the Chromebook can't access your Citrix data/files/programs. Very disappointing.
computer|Good product, recommended. It's very light, fast, and great to traveling. The interfaces is a bit hard to use for those who may not be as computer savvy (small font, hidden buttons) but it works fine for me!
computer|Purchased this as a Christmas present for my grand daughter and she loves it. She is eight years old and is having no troubles finding what she wants and the simple layout of Chrome is what people have been waiting for out of computers for years.Well done.
computer|THIS WAS A GIFT FOR MY HUSBAND AND HE LOVES IT GETTING ON THE INTERNET TO JUST PLAY GAMES OR DO RESEARCH.
computer|The Samsung Chromebook is everything that I had hoped that it would be. It is versatile and portable, making transport quite effortless.
computer|I love my chrome book! Maybe because its small and I love small things ? nope but because its a really convenient powerful little device I use for school, entertainment, EVERYTHING! The only problem I have is that I cant seem to be able to play netflix. I love the chrome remote app!!
computer|I love my new Chromebook. I've had it for about 3 weeks now, and I couldn't be happier. I only went 4 stars because google still hasn't figured out the netflix issue. It also does not play embedded quicktime. Great keyboard, but I'm planning on buying an external mouse.
computer|ChromeBook is One of the BEST.. . . . .on the laptap-book, that ever came out of the market. Chromebook has a good research ,and study put in to it.. THANK YOU, for giving us the CHROMEBOOK. . . . . .
computer|Happy with purchase. The size is perfect. We purchased because of size and price. I have recommended to friends and family.
computer|The instructions are minimal, but usable.If you have other machines, this one is easy to set up.I am not totally sold on using the pad for cursor manipulation, but it does work. I added a portable optical mouse to it and that is a world of improvement. Keyboard feels good, setup was relatively easy, once you fine the &#34;advanced&#34; settings. I am convinced that anyone needing a small, light weight laptop, that does primarily web and E-mail, will find this a good choice.The primary negative &#34;feature&#34; is the SD card slot. The card sticks out enough that if you forget and leave it in, could cause some damage to the card. Relatively small problem, but one worth keeping in mind.DO remember this machine is set up to out window, windows. Read that as it tries to do everything for you and I'm not totally happy with that. If you turn off syncing and sharing, it does much better.Really good feature: Almost instant on.Raise the lid and in just a few seconds the machine is ready.Just close the lid and it goes into sleep mode.VERY nice features.
computer|easy to use. great way to intro kids to computers Bought one for my granddaughter, whose school is using them
computer|its fast, secure, light and portable..... exactly what i needed. cant install windows programs but chrome has many online and offline apps that work great. use a portable toshiba drive with it and it works great
computer|Samsung Chromebook (Wi-Fi, 11.6-Inch)I bought this via Amazon a few weeks ago. To say I've been extremely pleased is an understatement! Yes, I know the Chromebook is suppose to have limitations and can't replace a laptop but, for me, it works for 99% of what I need and want to do on a laptop computer!Printing is an issue but my printer is a real "PITA". I've had trouble getting this printer to work for each of my devices (MacBook Pro 15", iPad2, Samsung Galaxy S3, Google Nexus 7)."Is the screen too small?" one might ask. Answer: NO, at least not for this septuagenarian's eyes. Why? Because its MUCH easier to expand the image to cover just what one is reading than it is on the MBPro. The results are similar to the iPad2 but using the keyboard instead of the iPad2 touch screen.Plus I don't need to worry about cost/hassle of virus software, windows updates, etc, which seem to slow down my better half's nice 15" Lenovo.
computer|Love our Chromebook. The only problem we had is that the Samsung emblem on the cover is made of press on letters. One of the letters was loose and sliced my finger. I ended up taking all of the letters off.
computer|The only issue I had at first was not being able to view certain files but I worked around that.
computer|internet is really fast, however, there seemed to be problems with audio when recording with webcam. Skype webcam doesn't work automatically which is a downside too.
computer|I bought this to take with me to the library or starbucks to do some studying. I use it to access both my study material and for note taking on google drive.I bought an iPad for these purposes originally but multitasking on an iDevice isn't the greatest, especially when one of those tasks involves typing.I find this is now a great complement to an iPad. I listen to music, do quick google searches and use a calculator on my iPad. I take notes and read my material on the chromebook.I've only had it one day so far but i love it, super light, long battery life and cheappppp.EDIT:I just tried playing music. It is surprisingly good! The quality of the audio through my headphones is very good. It's just as good as listening from my mac. The built speakers, compared to other laptop speakers i've had / heard are like an 8, with a 10 being the best laptop speaker I have ever heard.Just tried youtube, once video was buffered, it worked great.I use chrome on all my other devices and I LOVE that all I had to do was log into my account when the chromebook first started up and everything was setup for me to match my other computers. Seamless, painless and awesome.Hard to tell if I could handle this being my one and only computer as I also own a mac mini and an iPad. I'll update if I form a strong opinion in either direction.
computer|The chromebook was everything I hoped for and more. It arrived as predicted with no damages. I have enjoy the ease of using the chromebook.
computer|I'm genuinely surprised at how usable this little machine is. So much of what is typically done on a computer these days is based online anyway, wifi is more and more ubiquitous ... I'd estimate that 85-90% of what I use a computer for can be done on this Chromebook. Chrome is my browser of choice on the Mac and it is essentially the same experience on the Chromebook. Chrome OS is more capable than I thought. The shell/cmd line is handy and provides ssh access...not helpful for everyone, but helpful for me.Overall, for the $, this is a great deal.
computer|Bought this as a second computer to have around and just browse the interweb, nothing more. And it works great, it is simple to setup and simple to use. The only drawback is I was looking to use it mostly to stream ESPN3 to my TV using the HDMI connection but the live feed is blurry and the replay video is not that good either. The device does not have the capacity to handle I guess. But it works good otherwise.
computer|I wanted to get my 13 year old daughter a simple and inexpensive laptop and I couldn't have picked a better one. This thing is amazing in size and in price. Simple and easy to use. My Daughter loves her new laptop.
computer|This is a very nice computer for the pre-schooler in our household. Aside from all the other things already mentioned by others. I would surely recommend this to others looking for a light-weight alternative to lugging around a heavy laptop.
computer|At first the laptop didn't work correctly, after closing, it wouldn't turn back on without holding the off button for about 10 seconds and then rebooting. I went into settings and sent Samsung a &#34;bug report&#34; and with in a couple days got a software update, now everything seems to work perfect. Great service from Amazon and Samsung.As far as the laptop is concerned, we use it mostly for surfing and it fulfills this purpose great. I have also tried the google docs, etc, they also seem to work very well. The only negative that I can think of, is that in poor light, it is hard to see the keys, but for the great price, I can accept that. I also haven't notice any difference when saving anything to the cloud as opposed to locally. I would recommend this product to anyone.
computer|ive been trying 2 weeks to get skype without getting profesional help but i just cant,thats the only downfall,any suggestions?
computer|We bought this and had to return due to regular crashing/freezing; then the replacement had screen issues within days and we had to return that too. Samsung on-line support wasn't particularly helpful so we're moving on to a different product & manufacturer.
computer|I cannot help but think of the WebTV device I owned in the mid 90's when I think of and use this notebook computer. If you can relate to this comparison, then I need say no more.The screen absolutely sucks. Ignore the pixel count. The screen is as so bad I can barely bring myself to use it.This thing looks so much like the MacBook Air it is ridiculous.What Google calls "apps" for the Chromebook are really just bookmarked icons to websites and web pages.No Netflix.Of note, you cannot download movies or TV shows purchased through the Google Play Store. This seems absurd to me.The Chromebook does not support Bluetooth audio (you cannot use Bluetooth speakers, headphones, etc.)...you can use Bluetooth mice and keyboards, however.
computer|This product is everything that was expected. Does what it was meant to do. Very portable and fast. very similar to a Tablet, in a laptop format.
computer|Use the device primarily for web browsing and webs site development (using Chrome IDE's)Works great and would recommend to anyone.
computer|I've had my Chromebook for less than a week. It was simple to turn it on and start browsing right out of the box. It's a sleek device and I like it, but it is buggy. To see how buggy, just go to the Google Chromebook message boards and read about all the reported problems. As for mine, the problem is sleep mode. If I close the lid or let the unit remain idle long enough to trigger sleep mode, it goes into a coma. The screen goes dark and the power light remains on as though it is sleeping, but nothing I do will revive it. The only I can do is hold down the power button until the light goes off and then turn it back on. Of course, I then get a message telling me there was an improper shut down, so to return to where I was, I must tell it to do a restore. Of course, this is a great annoyance.I see from the message boards that many other people are experiencing this problem, especially for units made in January of 2013. I reported the problem to Google, but they offered no solutions. I reported the problem to Samsung and they instructed me to do a factory reset. I did that, but the problem persists.Samsung support then told me to ship in for repair, but I'm expected to pay for the shipping and insurance, even though the unit was malfunctioning on day one. Thankfully, Amazon pays for shipping for the return of malfunctioning devices, so I'm returning it to Amazon and asking for another unit.
computer|This is my second Chromebook. Got a second for my 84 year old Dad to play poker. Good stories there, but instead:1. It's a good, quick booting, stable system. Great to jump online and order something, or check a site.2. Hardware is superb. Keyboard, case, screen are as good as my Mac Air 113. There are a few funky issues - the file manager for a 64 gig SDXC card only comes up when you insert, and is hard to find when you minimize. You have to convert XLS and DOC microsoft files to use them in google format. Took a few minutes to figure out but then it's only a minor hassle. only reason I gave 4 stars.4.Love the app store and the prices are hard to beat (free mostly). watching movies is easy.5. Battery life is around 4-5 hours of heavy use in my experience.6.The price - great value, highly recommended.7.The architecture -I enjoy no antivirus, auto updates,and constantly growing open systems. Google is still on the &#34;less evil&#34; side of the ledger in my book. Certainly nice to have an option to the apple cult or PC mob.
computer|The laptop is fast and responsive due to the lightweight Chrome OS. It can never become hot because it is using ARM processors. It is also very light and high in portability. The wide variety of web apps on Chrome Web Store makes you impossible to think you wasted your money.The laptop is most suitable for students since the apps provide sufficient functionality for school and college works and it is LIGHTNING FAST!The only downside is once you lost your internet connection, you are basically a &#34;sitting duck&#34; and this is why it is not so suitable for employees. But the problem will be solved soon since the HTML5 draft has been completed and many developers will start to make great web apps.
computer|Great for the internet and watching movies. It's perfect for what I needed it for. Doesn't replace household computer. It's not easy to print and I still need to be able to install programs.
computer|This laptop is worth the money. Never seems to bog down even when playing videos and is an efficient design. The only problem I am having is getting used to not being able to have any Windows based software on my computer, but that is minor if you are used to Androids or tablets.
computer|This was bought as a gift to my wife, who has been happily using it for some time. Good price, reasonable performance, and very light (great for traveling). You do need to have WiFi to get anything done (of course).
computer|Nice and light. Still getting used to this. Screen is a little light. I am using the remote entry to my workstation and so far it is fine.
computer|I had the Chromebook for about a week. I was debating whether to return it when it died on me. I enjoyed using it when at home. I use Google Drive apps quite a bit and wanted to use the computer to show Google Slides presentations in my classroom. I couldn't get the computer to play nice with our school district's firewall. I could get to any website but Google! The other disappointment was that I could not get the external monitor to work (I had purchased a HDMI to VGA adapter that did not work on the LCD projector or on my home monitor (which does not support HDMI). So I could not use the computer as I had intended.I really enjoyed working on the Chromebook at home, on the couch, in bed, dining table, etc. It is really light and portable. The keyboard is awesome, the trackpad was just OK, not as good as my old Macbook Pro. I got frustrated using the trackpad.What you have to be aware of is that the Chromebook doesn't seem to play nice with other equipment.It's a great deal at $249, but...
computer|With an extremely appealing price tag ($249), I bought a google Chromebook under the impression of an economical, futuristic laptop, without even reading a single review or doing any research. Hindsight is 20/20. What I got was none short a surprise. The Chromebook has apparently been around since June 2011, and this is just the newest addition.The Chromebook is unlike the conventional laptop in many fashions. The biggest difference is that without a wi-fi connection, the new Chromebook is almost literally a paperweight. Unlike most other laptops on the market today, the Chromebook doesn&#8217;t run Windows 8 or some kind of Mac OS, rather it runs &#8220;Chrome OS&#8221;, which in my perspective looks like the android OS put onto a laptop, with none of a tablets capabilities. This new, linux driven operating system is not compatible with most common programs that PC and Mac users alike don such as Microsoft Office, Photoshop, Flash, and the like. Instead, all the applications that the Chromebook run are in-browser inside of Google Chrome. Everything you do on this laptop os through the Google Chrome browser.When I learned that my new Chromebook was basically useless without an internet connection I didn&#8217;t want to fret. I figured I would just buy some sort of 4G plan so I could utilize my Chromebook no matter where I am. Then brief research revealed that this is the first Chromebook that doesn&#8217;t have 4G plans available to it and is completely dependant on having a nearby wi-fi connection. Google itself has described this computer as &#8220;an extra computer for around the house.&#8221; and I would have to agree.If you&#8217;re considering the new Chromebook to replace your desktop PC or current laptop, think again. The Chromebook is useful, but it is a novelty in many ways. It&#8217;s great for web browsing, e-mail, and watching videos, but falls far short when it comes to audio/video editing and other heavy computing tasks.
computer|Only thing this doesn't do is netflix, but i hear they are vigorously working on it.Its superior to Windows in respect that you don't need antivirus or got to have to install programs. Its light fast and has great battery life.
computer|I am big fan of Google products. Currently I am on my 3rd Android phone. I have a Xoom Tablet and loved it. So, we thought to try the Chromebook. After many hours of playing, I have some major issues with it.1. I cannot remote into my office. It says that it had Chrome Remote Desktop, but that is their own product, not RDP into Windows computers. Fail for traveling for work.2. You can't download Movies for offline viewing. Fail for traveling on planes or cars without WiFi.3. You can't do much of anything unless you are online. No games, not even solitaire. FAIL.Very disappointing and considering returning it. For $300 I could buy a small Dell laptop.
computer|My old Samsung Chromebook, Model 500c June/2011, works just fine anywhere in the house. But my two tries for the new Model 303C cannot pick up WiFi quickly or even at all sometimes. I tried to contact a person regarding this problem, but that's impossible so the only way to communicate a problem is to return the item. I love ChromeOS, even use it on my MacAir. It's too bad, I like the style and keyboard of the new 303C but I can't stand the WiFi connect problem.
computer|I found the chromebook quite warm after 1/2 hr use. I hook it up to tv, TV had display but the screen of the chromebook was blank. It is weird.
computer|I know this computer is only $250 but I can't believe how defective this unit is straight out of the box.Upon turning it on and going through the activation process I went to adjust the angle of the screen and it promptly turned to a red hue. I moved the screen to a new angle and it went back to normal. Attempted to continue to welcome process and it again turned red along with lines across the top.I restarted the Chromebook hoping to alleviate the problem. It did not. I have done a factory reset and that doesn't stop it either. Sometimes if I play with the angle of the monitor the color will go back to normal.So, I've asked Amazon for a replacement and of course they're quick and on top of things like usual. I love Amazon.In the meantime, I've tried to use the Chromebook despite the red screen. It has also crashed while on Amazon (reading negative reviews on the Chromebook...lol) and the "h" key sticks to where it naturally gets stuck down and I have to lightly tap it to put it back in place or it puts "h's" across the screen.In addition, after it crashed it got really, really hot and it was sitting on a counter top. Also, I fully charged it this afternoon when I receive it and just a few hours later without being used the battery is at 37%. Based on reviews I know this isn't standard.I'm going to cross my fingers that the next one is good but so far I'm completely unimpressed and it also makes me worry that even if the next one functions fine out of the box that it will stop working within a few months. I'm not real keen on spending 25% of the purchase price on a warranty either.
computer|I bought this laptop for my daughter. After we received the machine, we plugged it in and started it.... but the touchpad was not working; the mouse-pointer either didn't respond to the touchpad gestures or it jumped all over the place. Using an USB Mouse, I was able to operate the device, go into settings and upgraded the latest "stable" version of Chrome OS, and then once more to the "developer" version.... with little success. I found more folks on reviews and forums who all had experienced the same issue. I tried all suggestions, with no luck.I let my daughter play with her new "toy" for a while using the USB mouse, but I was ready to ship it back..... suddenly my daughter noticed that the touchpad started working. I am still skeptical and afraid the symptoms may re-appear... but for now I am happy.Having played with the system for a while now, I have to say it's a great buy for $249.... it feels as light as an Apple Airbook, the keyboard feels great and it's dead-simple to use and seems fast enough for basic use. For what my daughter needs; web-browsing, google-docs, face-book, youtube and gmail, this machine is perfect. She doesn't need VPN-access, no video-editing or need to run any other native applications.I can't use the machine for my work; I realized I still have an array of native applications that I need for work or that I'd prefer to use instead of a browser based app (I don't like the gmail web-client).Because of the touchpad problems, not giving it a 5 star and if the problems reappear, I may even give it a lower rating...
computer|The Google Chrome Book is a 274$ (after tax and shipping) Google powered laptop electronic. It is applicable (utilitarian wise) primarily in Google Apps.: such as gmail, youtube, voice, etc.While Google Apps. are accessible by other computer platforms/browsers, the Google Chrome Book utilizing the Google Chrome browser is accessible to any Wifi hotspot with password enabling free national calling/texting/phone number in gmail from any Wifi hotspot.The advantages of free calling/texting/phone number in any wifi hotspot with password across the USA are obvious for travelers.Settings tabs in the Chrome browser for all Google Apps including voice enabled call forwarding to any verified phone and a million of other settings to adjust to the technology according to expertise and desire makes for a well rounded Online experience.Google is a very versatile system within which to navigate the Web and I recommend that to start up the Google Chrome book, be sure to use a username and password for gmail as well as access to the Internet at a wifi hotspot: home or otherwise for trouble shooting.
computer|does take some getting used to but i do like the web browsing and have found some apps that sync with my android phone & tablet which is also nice.the only negative is the keyboard is very different and no 10-key pad which takes some getting used to
computer|I bought this for my 8 year old to replace her Mac Book, and truth be told, to see how it performs for business. So far it has some very nice pluses for the design - ultra thin, quiet as a church mouse, cool at all times, good size for typing and navigating, clickable touchpad is also a nice feature, along with the right click and scrolling functions.On the minus side - the screen feels a little less than sturdy when opening, the operating system takes some getting used to - not much, especially if you're an android user, the screen can be difficult to read, the general tactile feel could be improved with the use of higher quality polycarbonates or aluminiumI expected that any apps I had on other mobile devices would automatically be available on the Chromebook, but that has not been the case.I continue to explore, and will have to update as more time elapses.04/07/13*Update*Still not quite sure why some apps are not available here which are on Nexus 7 and mobile devices, but device is still going well. Small issue with the screen where the image gets darker, especially when working on battery - and no way to adjust resolution or screen settings really at all. Strangely curious set up. No fix yet, but waiting....
computer|This is a perfect computer for school!I used to use my MacBook until the screen broke and the repair for it costs $300, then I found this computer!It's light at very fast! The looks are super clean and smooth, but it kind of looks like the Macbook Air lolThe only thing is that, if you use Word or Exel, etc etc then you cannot download any programs because everything is Chrome.But no worries, it comes with Google Docs and everything that Google offers, and what makes it better is that everything is Cloud Based for saving so, you can access these files online too (Google Drive).This will run anything you usually do like Facebook, Chatting, Email, watching videos (YouTube) etc.Maybe they can fix the video playback a little since it does get laggy a bit when your watching HD videos but other than that everything is G.So if you're looking for a inexpensive computer that you want for school, or maybe just surfing the web then this is the thing you need to have!
computer|I am disappointed that there is no writing system all ready loaded. The directions also leave alot to be desired.
computer|I purchased the Samsung Chromebook (Wi-Fi, 11.6) for my wife as a christmas gift. She had mentioned she wanted a Laptop. I asked what she needed it for and she told me, &#34;I just want one to surf the web and create some documents&#34;. This Chromebook does both of these fairly well. But other than that I think it falls short. The screen is not very nice and not being able to download certain things such as iTunes makes this more of a secondary laptop than a primary one. The build quality is really good and the keyboard is amazing for a $250.
computer|i really liked this light weight lap book, my friends said it is lighter like new mac book, i surf the internet play games and get 100GB free space on Google drive, i haven't used WWAN port yet
computer|Why did I buy a Chromebook when I already have two MacBook Air (an 11.6 and a 13 inch, both with i5 processors), an iPad, a Kindle Fire, a Samsung Galaxy Tab and a Windows XP laptop? Well, first, I'm a technology hog. I have a perverse need to try everything at least once. Second, my wife spilled wine on my 11.6 MacBook Air, which now has a semi-functional keyboard, so I wanted to have a really inexpensive sacrificial laptop to protect me from future accidents. (If your spouse needs to spill wine on your laptop, I would suggest very dry wine, with a really low sugar content.)So, what's good about the Samsung Chromebook, aside from the really low price? The keyboard is quite good. I like it as much as that of the MacBook Air, well, at least before it had white wine dumped all over it. The next desirable attribute would be simplicity. Open the cover, hit the on button, connect to Wifi, sign in with your Google account credentials and you are off to the races. There's no need to buy software, keep your antiviral software up to date or backup your data. Your data is stored in Google's cloud, where Google keeps it backed up, and this also makes your data available to you via other household computers, tablets, smart phones, and even computers you do not own like the one in the waiting room at your car dealership. The trackpad works quite well, although up and down scrolling is opposite to that on the Mac, which is rather confusing.As others have observed, the display is adequate.What's not to like? As a practical matter, there is no way to connect this computer to a printer. There are work-arounds, but I don't consider them practical. Even my iPhone and iPad provide a practical way to print: the Lantronix XPrintServer. Need to visit a website that runs Java scripts? Not gonna happen. This computer does not run Java. Before purchasing the Chromebook I understood that software choices would be quite limited. But I assumed that Google Docs would allow me to view and make minor edits to Word files I had already created on a "real" computer. What surprised me is that Google Docs cannot display certain embedded objects (such as chemical structures) in my Word files. So, while this computer is extremely compact and light, making it attractive for travel, it may not be powerful enough for business, depending upon your line of work.So, what is the Chromebook good for? I think it is ideally suited for someone who wants to do email and some web browsing, has very little understanding of or patience for the care and feeding of computers, and does not need to print. In short, its great for your 87 year old mother or your 75 year old mother-in-law. But for the rest of us, get a real computer.
computer|I have often dreamed of having my own computer or even a personal laptop which I could bring to school or anywhere. Unfortunately, I am still a student and I just don't know how and when I will be able to get one. So, I decided to save a little bit from my monthly allowance until I finally saved a few dollars. I found this great looking and stylish samsung laptop and I realized I can actually afford it. I like its chrome color as it shows class and elegance, I am sure that those who will see it will not even know that I just bought it online. Now, I can access the web no matter where I am and it will be easier for me to do some research on the web when it comes to my projects and homework. Indeed, a great value for such an elegant looking laptop which I have been dreaming of and it finally came true!
computer|Has everything I need for on the go internet access. Does crash/reboot often, but only a minor annoyance. Nice and light.
computer|A bit of background on myself: I'm a devoted and longtime Mac user, and I work at a website development company. I consider myself quite computer literate. I own a Macbook Pro but it's about 3 years old now, and the battery is getting pretty crappy so I can't bring it anywhere without needing a charge after about 1.5 hours. I could either buy a new battery for $200 or get a Chromebook for $250, I chose the latter. I'm a student as well, so having a very portable machine is important. With all that said, the Chomebook is awesome! When I'm not working (writing code, using lots of computing power) the Chromebook is perfect for all of my needs. Honestly, about 99% of people who use computers only use them for two things: internet related activities, and word processing/spreadsheets, the exact two things that the Chromebook does best. I feel that cloud based machines like this are the future of computing. There is a misconception that your abilities are severely limited by the cloud based OS, but it's really not true. This computer is shockingly lightweight and thin, while the keyboard and trackpad are more than adequate. I would recommend buying an SD card along with this, just to make sure you have some extra storage if needed. I could rave about this for days, but the bottom line is: it's a perfect second computer for those like me, and it would make a perfect first computer for just about anyone who isn't in a computer-related field of work.I'm also seriously considering dual-booting Ubuntu on this, but I'm gonna enjoy Chrome OS for a while :)
computer|I received the backordered $329 Chromebook with 3G today. A sticker on the box says, "Included with this device for two years is up to 100MB per month of Mobile Broadband service provided by Verizon Wireless." I turned on the computer and quickly hooked up to my wi-fi and opened a google account. Looks like a good little laptop, but no clue in directions or online how to access the mobile broadband. I suspected that a card to stick in the back was left out of the package. I called samsung support. They did not seem to know about the mobile feature at all, first suggesting I call verizon and open an account. They took my info and I faxed them what they needed including a picture of the sticker on the box. This is a new product. They promised to get back to me. I seem to be the first to review the chromebook 3-G feature. Jim in Ohio
computer|My Chromebook has essentially replaced my MacBook Pro. Keep in mind I usually use laptops while sitting on the couch. The Chromebook is so much lighter and the MacBook just seems like an unnecessarily large, heavy piece of metal that's unpleasantly cold initially, then uncomfortably hot when it's been on for awhile. The Chromebook, of course, has no fan and does not heat up. But it isn't cold to the touch since it's made of plastic. I barely feel the Chromebook since it's so light, and it's easy to reposition and pick up with one hand. The keyboard is indeed nice, the screen is nice and bright and fine quality. The speakers don't don't hold a candle to the MacBook, so I would recommend using earphones if you desire high audio quality. I did trip over the power cord twice while the Chromebook was plugged in. On both occasions the power cord remained plugged into the Chromebook. I guess I'm used to Macs since they use those magnetic power cords that release very easily. So the first time, the Chromebook was closed and launched off of the coffee table. The power cord prong that sticks into the Chromebook bent a little but it still works fine. The second time, the Chromebook was also pulled off of the coffee table but it was open. It landed upside down and the top edge of the screen case popped open somewhat. Luckily, I was able to snap it closed again, and it's good as new. Since there's no hard drive, the Chromebook just kept running as if nothing happened. When my MacBook fell from the couch once, it rebooted because the hard drive got too much of a jolt.
computer|Five things I like about a chromebook vs a Window laptop1. Extremely fast startup.2. Hassle free - no constant interruptions from anti-virus software.3. Simplicity4. Does 99% of the things a Window machines does5. Data in the cloud - not afraid of losing machine to giving it away.
computer|I was so excited about the Chromebook and its description fits exactly what I need in a laptop. I purchased the Chromebook, but upon turning it on the first time, it didn't work!! The touchpad worked fine, but the computer was otherwise unresponsive. I was unable to even set up the device. I called Samsung support and they were entirely unhelpful. I was told that because I purchased from a 3rd party (Amazon), they cannot guarantee anything and told me my device was defective. I sent it back to Amazon and promptly received a refund. I did not order from Amazon again because by then the Chromebooks were all on backorder. I ordered again from Tiger Direct and await shipment. Hopefully I just got a bad egg! Since there are so many great reviews on this computer I'm willing to try again. I hope nobody else has an experience like this with the Chromebook!
computer|First of all the chromebook has few limitations if you are a power user. I guess its fine if you use the chromebook for checking email and surfing the internet.Pros:Fast boot up and shutdown, no virus, automatic updates and plenty of online storage from google drive. Sleek design.Cons.:It may shut down unexpectedly (system crashes, many reviews noted this issue) Very limited supply of apps, mainly google based apps. It has a small hard drive. Keep in mind that the keyboard has a slightly different configuration than what you are used to. (Windows or Mac)Overall: I think its a great buy for the price, except that it may shut down unexpectedly.
computer|I like it because I can use it anywhere in the house rather than having to go to another level of the house. Wish I understood it better.
computer|I sure knew this chromebook was going to be small but I didn't know the camera wasn't going to work on it. It really makes me mad that I cannot use Skype on it, or even facebook video chat, I basically bought this to use Skype and guess what, I cant. Im so unhappy with this chromebook. I wish I wouldn't have bought it.
computer|There are a lot of hanging and not recovering from stand-by issues that still haven't been ironed out. This device still doesn't support the Netflix streaming either, which has remained an unresolved issue since it was first launched.I bought one for my mom who strictly web browses and thought it would be perfect for her, and she suffers the hanging issue still. However, it does boot up quickly and a Google account allows restoring your web sessions. So, simply holding down the power button until it shuts off and turning it back on has been my mother's solution until Google can resolve these issues with an update.&lt;Update March 28, 2013>Netflix issue was resolved, which turned out to be an improvement on all devices using HTML5 instead of Silverlight that has caused sound/video to off-sync on my PC.Video playback of locally stored file quality is very poor. I believe the reason for the crash of streaming video is related to the device being unable to render the video properly. Comparing the original Kindle Fire and iPhone with this device playing the same file, you can see that the video quality is noticeably poorer on the Chromebook.As a browser this is fine, but it will never replace the Kindle or iPad or a tablet that render video properly.
computer|i got Samsung chrome for school an the price of course lol an its worth the money the only thing i dont like is cant play youre Netflix movies ...an cant download certain files well more like limewire or bit torrent etc....not a computer viz... so maybe its just me but no netflix.
computer|I live in Iceland and the computer does not offer an Icelandic keyboard :(I am not sure I would have bought it if I had known. Hope this will be fixed soon!
computer|very nice notebook. originally i purchased this item for a foreign student that i am supporting. unfortunately, i was not allowed to ship. i could not remove the battery. post office regualstions has been made stricter. i shipped one last year, without any problems. so now , i have my first notebook. so far, i truly like it.
computer|I got this for my son for Christmas. Big dissapointment. I like the concept but besides crashing it cant use the Google Music. ?WTF? There was no help online except a bunch of Chrome heads that had useless advice. And no help from Google by phone.
computer|Love Google, but the product is too small and doesn't work with flash video well. Perhaps a 15 or 16 inch version that played flash video well...
computer|I wish it worked better with my WiFi router (Airport extreme), but no. Frequently froze and 3 or less bars on the Wifi strength depending on the location. The Google expert I contacted said this is a known problem with the Apple router and there is no fix yet. So I returned the product. If the Wifi worked well, it would have been a good buy for the price.
computer|Icons are tiny, lower case letters on keyboard are annoyingly small and not contrasted enough to background. It continually disconnects from my network. Slow response getting to sites.Screen display is not ultra-bright as advertised but somewhat dull.Should have bought a tablet.
computer|This is awesome i love the long lasting battery life, HDMI and usbs ... cloud computing for under 300 bucks is the way.
computer|Over all the chromebook works well for the past week. One thing bothering me is that the screen dims and screen saving after one or two minutes. I want to keep it active when it is charged. it turns out to be difficult (or just I am being stupid) to change this setting. Searched online, and tried a few suggestions. Still haven't worked out.
computer|I really wanted to like this thing, I was excited to try it. I could not be more disappointed. Offline capabilities are non-existent. You can use google docs, a crude Microsoft Word like program, but cannot make spreadsheets or anything else...lame. Music capabilities are non existent if not connected to internet.For an "internet only device" you'd think the wireless card would work well, I spent 3 hours at the coffee shop, somehow during the whole 3 hours it was never able to connect to the internet, it tried the whole time. The shop was filled with mac and PC users who had no problems at all... On top of that, it once in a while will drop internet connection and quickly pick it back up, no problem unless you are, say, typing a spreadsheet. It only saves a cell when you press enter, meaning if it drops the internet, it deletes everything in the cell that you were typing and you have to start over (annoying if there is a lot of text in the cell). Powerpoints are unable to be opened, you have to upload it into google drive, then open it in google's format, which always screws with the formatting of the slides, makes it very difficult to read.Cannot figure out how to use podcasts, there are a couple of crappy apps that say they will allow you to, my school has a podcast of recorded lectures, after 2 hours of trying to figure out how to use it, nothing. You think for an internet device you'd be able to easily use podcasts!?Last, the touch pad is crap. It is always right clicking when I don't want to, zooming in when I want to zoom out, not clicking when i want it to, clicking when I don't want it to. I played with the touchpad settings, no change. I am very disappointed with this purchase, will be returning it.
computer|After spending hours speaking with tech support I have discovered there is no way for this to be set up with a static IP address.First I was told that I needed to go somewhere that I was able to access wifi in order to be able to enter my information. Now that I have gone to a friend's house to use their wifi I have been told that there is no way for me to actually enter my static IP information. This is something I can do with my basic Kindle so for this not to be an option with a netbook is dumbfounding.I purchased this Chromebook for my daughter's 9th birthday since she has daily online homework. I now have to return her gift and find an alternative.
computer|I don't know why, but my chromebook's lcd suddenly cracked without reason. I looked online to figure out if there were similar occurances and found many other's to have the same problem. I don't like how the lcd is made out of such cheap plastic. It really tampers with the overall experience when your lcd breaks all the sudden in less than 7 days.
computer|its a good thing to have, thats all I can sayit cannot replace my laptop, in the last 30 odd days it has got unresponsive more than 20 times, crappyto a point I have stopped using it. It will become like my kindle (increasing my carbon footprint) and not bringing any value addbad buy :~/
computer|I had really high hopes for this as a perfect way for surfing and email stuff. Even though the description says flash support, we found several popular sites using flash video that didn't work. At week 3, the touch pad became erratic and was almost impossible to move the cursor around. Sadly, i'm returning the unit
computer|I dislike writing negative reviews; but the Samsung Chromebook 3G I received has earned one. The 3G support disappeared from the machine after a machine hang(freeze) -- and numerous calls to Samsung Support, Verizon Support, and Google Ninja Support have not led to a fix to this issue.I am returning the Samsung Chromebook 3G to Amazon/Tiger Direct. It does not do as advertised.The non-3G functionality does more or less work as advertised: it's a quick-booting browser. The footprint is small and the keyboard is reasonable.However, the browser/OS software appears to be buggy and the support services are very lightweight.If you are technical and have lots of time to wait for support replies, this machine could provide some entertainment. For the rest of us just wanting a reliable "appliance," this is not a solution.Thanks for reading this!
computer|Did not do what we needed to do. My son got it to do his school work but it did not support the documents he needed.
computer|Best computer I have ever bought. At this point I do not think I will buy a windows laptop again.
computer|It is really different than a pc or lap top. I like the looks, the size and the speed in which it works. I don't like the fact that if I want to save files, I have to purchase google drive after a free trial. I am still trying to understand how it works. Hundreds of apps available on this. but most of them are not helpful for me.
computer|I am trying to resolve screen issue with Samsung. They want me to pay $185 to repair for this $250 product. Samsung customer service is the worst I have ever encountered. My advise...do not buy any Samsung products!
computer|I experienced excessively slow internet connect times and returned it after 3 days. With the ChromeBook sitting right next to my 4 year old MacBook, I had no trouble browsing on my Mac while my Chromebook spun and sputterred trying to navigate the same sites. Very disappointing for a machine that is only useful when connected to the Internet.I suppose if I googled I could have found some patch or solution to my problem. Or perhaps I just had a defective machine. But when I buy a brand new computer, I expect it to work without me having to do research or exchange it. Hence, I returned it for a refund. I'll stick with my aging MacBook for now and replace it with an AirBook later this year.
computer|Bought this computer as a Christmas present and was very pleased with its performance for the first week or so. Lo and behold, the Christmas decorations are still up and the unit already needs to be sent back to Samsung. Opened the screen and I see nothing but red. The text and images are barely legible, and the entire screen has a deep red hue. So, I called up Samsung, expecting them to roll out the red carpet for me given the age of the unit and the fact that it's clearly a manufacturing defect... boy was I mistaken. Yes I got an apology, from the service representative who assisted me, but beyond that, Samsung isn't exactly going out of their way to keep this customer. It will take ~10 business days to get the computer repaired or replaced (coincidentally, about the amount of time It's been in use). But they aren't going to replace it with a new computer?? Nope. They will either repair mine (heck knows what else will happen to it), or they will send me a REFURBISHED unit.. i.e. someone else's computer which will likely have scratches on the body. an abused trackpad, worn usb ports, etc. Not very impressive Samsung. You know if it were an Apple computer, I would have a NEW computer in my hands the very next day.Oh, and Samsung... Please feel free to reach out to me to discuss. I plan to post this review on every consumer product website on the planet.
computer|This Samsung Chromebook (all Chromebooks) does NOT support Java. That means you will not be able run any program that needs Java....and there are a lot of them out there. For example...Schwab StreetSmart will not run. DO NOT BUY a Chromebook if you need JAVA!!!!!!!
computer|very touchy..then other times unresponsive,had to log in more than one time to set up my account to use this product
computer|It just is not as fast as it could be, but a great value and great deal for many everyday people.
computer|I choose this rating because my computer (that I want to returned) is turning off when ever she wants. When I am searching in internet or working in doc she began to freeze , it doesn't let me work on it or turn it off. I really hate it, I can not do anything. I really want to returned...
computer|What is best about this laptop - it's thin and not too heavy. However when you use it it feels bulky - the keyboard is a full-size one (the keyboard on the 550 is great too, but this is better) and the trackpad is huge too for a laptop this size. An improvement over the previous version is the trackpad surface - it's very smooth (almost feels like glass)which makes scrolling a breeze. Overall, the hardware is great and it looks really good (especially for the price tag)
computer|SO, i bought this because i have a rather expensive laptop that i was damaging carrying around for class, this was a more disposable item to use. I found myself oddly pleased with its speed and simplicity, the Chrome OS works great,I did however return it because it had issues holding its Wi-FI connection...seeing as i live on campus at a school whose WI-FI SUCKS anyway, i assumed it was just the school's wifi being so inconsistent that the chromebook would lose it.Good product, but make sure you have the connection, it is an internet based devise, ad internet= useless (not really it has offline apps too, but its more useful with internet)
computer|We bought this laptop for our 14 year old daughter as her first PC for Christmas. It has been only two months a now and the screen is coming apart at the seams! I cannot return it or get it replaced based on amazons return policy of 30 days. Also, it is VERY difficult for her to print from the computer to the wireless printer in our home.
computer|Everything about this computer is nice. It's lightweight, small but not too small and has a nice keyboard. The limitations are that you can't download a movie from any major sight like Amazon so if you want to download a movie for the plane, you are out of luck. That was the main reason I bought this, for traveling. The only way to watch movies is to stream them. Also, the Chrome operating system isn't supported by a lot of apps, even some of the Google Apps! Until Google provides more content, it's pretty limited what you can do on this other than surfing the web.
computer|At the first glance at my chromebook, i was shocked by how it can be so light weighted and slime it was.The functionality was good and overall processing was fantastic.Although I was totally new to the Chrome OS, I soon learned how it worked and actually it was pretty easy to use.I'd say chromebook works best at internet web browsing and for word document purposes.Just like how I was not aware of downloading exe. file does not work on Chrome OS, I think many of the future users shouldknow about that and be aware that chromebook is merely for web browsing.
computer|When I bought the Chromebook I was not aware that it is almost unless you were on line. I realize you can work off line to write emails and documents. But no spreadsheets. I wanted this for traveling with my rv,
computer|Had what I wanted and needed. Would recommend to friends and family. However, can summarize briefly and don't want to get stuck having to write 1 or more words to move on. This will now keep me from rating additional products.
computer|but I also wanted to be able to use traveling with skype NO app for skype on the chromebook hope they will add the app
computer|There are a few bugs that need to be worked out on it, but overall it suits my simple needs as an internet portal. What bothers me is that it sometimes slows way down when it opens pages. I sometimes feel like I'm using wireless dial-up. It also has a weird glitch. If you leave the screen open for too long, it just "falls asleep." The only way to reset it is by holding the power button down for 13 seconds. It will force the computer to shut down, then you can restart it. On the positive, it's nice and light, and websites load at a normal speed more than 67% of the time. Wg=hen your secure check outs take over 5 minutes online..It makes you really lose faith in the product you are using
computer|My husband purchased the Samsung Chromebook for me for Christmas. I don't consider myself any more tech-savvy than the average thirty something- maybe even less (which you will quickly find out as you read). If it's electronic and user friendly and I can figure it out in a few clicks, I'm happy. Basically, you won't find me digging through YouTube tutorials to figure out my technical problems. Many people are comparing this machine to a MacBook. And I would agree that it looks and feels like one. Otherwise this is nothing like a Macbook, because it's barely a computer in my opinion. It's an over sized smartphone with a keyboard. Nothing is saved onto it: everything you download, create in google drive, edit in photo editor apps-goes directly into the google cloud. I personally don't know that I was ready for this. Maybe I need to be since that is where we are headed. But If I knew this before I opened it, I would have probably returned it. And this is why:The first thing I don't like about this, is that you can't download any software directly onto the machine. I can't put a photo editing program like Lightbox onto this machine. You can only use the crappy photo editor apps online.Secondly, Netflix doesn't work on this machine.. WTH!! What a major mistake on Google's part to release it without compatibility with Netflix. I don't know how many people are like me, but I don't pay $120/mo for cable. I pay $8/mo for Netflix. This is what I watch nightly; I am so pissy that I can't use my new device to watch Louie..sometimes I get so annoyed I am tempted to quick list this thing on Ebay.Thirdly, the apps don't open in the slick ipad way, they open in a browser window which doesn't seem like a huge deal, but I think it's pretty lame and an aesthetic faux pas.Overall, I would not highly recommend this machine for anything other than perusing the internet and playing games. Maybe it has more abilities, but my limited tech intelligence and motivation leads me to believe it doesn't.
computer|The verdict is still out on this one. It was a Christmas gift to someone who uses all Microsoft Apps.
computer|Quite like having something cheap laying around that I can use for web surfing. I'm in the google eco system so it works okay for me. Seems to crash a lot. Constantly having to reboot it...much more than on a windows system. That's a major dissapointment. The build quality is cheap but if you want a gorgeous piece of kit buy an airbook.
computer|First the good: Fast browsing, light weight, decent screen and when you have wifi it (ALMOST) does what most computers do...The Bad: DOESN'T PRINT TO A REGULAR PRINTER?! No way to install print drivers. So I searched the web for answers as far as printing. Apparently you have to have another computer that's connected to a printer and wifi, and then eprint to that computer. This ruined the whole "replace my dead macbook for a few months" purpose of buying the chromebook. It doesn't interact with peripherals - usb dvd drive, printers, ipod etc... Also despite the fact that there is a video camera, you can't record without being connected to wifi. Basically it's a tablet with a keyboard, that doesn't do much without a wifi connection. I wasn't looking for macbook power for $249, but being able to print a word doc or email to a usb printer is a fairly simple task. And the ability to record video to a flash drive/SD card shouldn't be too much to ask when most smart phones can do it. Most likely will be returning...
computer|I hesitate to write this review in light of the multitude of 5 star ratings here on Amazon, which was one of the reasons I purchased this item in the first place. However, the Wi-Fi model was a huge disappointment.My husband, who is an IT guy by day, and myself tried repeatedly to get to the bottom of the problem, but no luck. Pros were a beautiful piece of hardware, unbelievable picture quality, and an awesome keyboard. Cons: when connected to either my work or home wireless with 3-4 bars, pages would sometimes load fine but most times would spin for minutes before timing out. We couldn't even get the Chrome OS Help to load. When it finally loaded, we followed all of the troubleshooting tips and sometimes had luck and sometimes did not. We even contacted them directly and followed their instructions for a multitude of setting adjustments and it would be fine for awhile and then randomly would be slow to load a half an hour later. Each time we tried turning it on and off the problem was consistently persistent.We eventually went out to a couple of online forums and found that, voila, this is a common problem, despite all the lucky Amazon owners here. I just wish I was one of them because I hated to part with it. I wanted so badly for the inconsistency in loading pages to be worked out. But who has time to sit and wait for pages to load when no other wireless device I own, tablets, laptops and phones, experience this problem. Oh well, maybe the next version will work out the kinks? ~Disappointed in New York ~
computer|The device is very lightweight and it is easy to carry and go anywhere. Downside is it is not compatible with Microsoft Word and can only work with an internet connection.
computer|I bought this Chromebook because I wanted something lightweight that had a keyboard for web surfing. I usually use my HTC Droid Incredible 2 for surfing on the go and it does great but I wanted a bigger screen and a keyboard. The screen on my phone is 3 1/2 inches by 2 inches and it does not hurt my eyes to watch Netflix movies or surf the internet. This Chromebook has a 11.6 screen and it immediately hurts my eyes even with the brightness level all the way up. The camera on the unit is poor. The surfing speed is about the same as my cell phone. All the Google apps were nice to have though, since I use a lot of Google products. However, because of the screen, I decided to buy the Kindle Fire 8.9 and return this Chromebook. The Kindle with a case and a little Bluetooth keyboard will be a much better option for me. Getting a case that includes a keyboard for the Kindle Fire 8.9 is around thirty dollars right now, so it isn't very expensive to turn your Kindle into an excellent surfing device. I gave this item two stars because I think the screen is a huge issue (what is the point of having a surfing device if it strains your eyes), if it wasn't for the screen I probably would have kept it.
computer|I just received this Chromebook on Saturday, it is now Monday and I love it!!! This is great for the home user. The battery life is impressing me so far. I love to play my little games on it and am quite impressed with how it handles them. This Chromebook boots up immediately and I have no problems loading any pages at all. This is important since I don't have great WiFi coverage where I live in the mountains. I'm very happy with this product so far.
computer|Very straight forward and simple to use. I finally feel good about online banking without all the Windows malware to worry about.
computer|It's ok for email & fb, but there is a really high learning curve for most of it's capabilities that make using it very frustrating. It doesn't support downloads and it does not give enough information to find compatible apps to allow the downloads. The tutorials are in 2 year old language and an insult to intelligence. So, basically, without a ton of time to search through information to find out how to do things, it's a limited piece of equipment.
computer|Had some issues getting it to take my wireless network. After got those ironed out really enjoy using it. Not the most high tech, but does what i need.
computer|This is not exactly a review. I just got this and am unable to use it. Everything requires a password, including a guest browsing, butthey don't give you any real information about how to get the password. Any hints?
computer|So, just got my Chromebook and I am happy so far... it is different.. small little thing, but I like it so far. I was already switching to a cloud, so this is quite easy for me. This is all I need. I really don't need a machine anymore. For what? This is really all I need. I can even download/upload images off the web. I can't imagine what I would need a new computer for anymore. This thing works great. But now, I got the ipad, iphone, my regular laptop, and now this. Technology is becoming overwhelming to me and am starting to hate it.. I keep thinking what's next?
computer|So far I'm still aquainting myself with my new Chromebook. It's really nice and light weight, starts up quick. I has different formats I'm still trying to get use to. Just really wanted something light weight and conveinient to carry around that I could creat documents with. My iPad is great, but without buying an app, I can't do that. Sweet little note book and I look forward to using it often.
computer|Great for surfing the internet and paying games. Do not lke the fact that you need the wifi to run the apps..Or do you?
computer|Everything was great/exceptional except when WiFi is unavailable; then it is useless and you have to realize that.The screen is very readable and appealing; the keyboard is very useable and responsive; the trackball is diffferent but it is very easy to adapt to not having the left and right buttons.The web response is certainly better than any netbook I have tried and equivalent to laptops.
computer|I received it two days ago and I've been using it for past two days. The fluency of the chromebook is not that good comparing with iPad or iPhone. Maybe it is the Operating System's problem because the CPU and memory are sufficient to fluently run only one Chrome browser in this laptop. I am expecting Google to improve the OS so I can use a fluent Chromebook soon. Also, the laptop looks very very small. The battery life is about 4 hours when I used it to browse pages and watch videos.But I still love it. The OS is very cool. It is a pretty good experience on using a real webOS. I will continue to explore it.
computer|I won't go into details. All I can say is this thing does what it says it does and you cannot beat the price. I really can't believe how fast this thing boots and pages are loaded very fast. Very satisfied with what Google and Samsung has done.
computer|The Chromebook is light fast and delivers a very good surfing experience. My only complaint would be the build quality, other than that, I think everyone should own one.
computer|Just received it 3 days ago. Since I have limited computer skills it is taking some time to get used to it. Not familiar with Chrome so I am using help alot but am starting to get the hang of it. For someone with computer skills it would probably be a 5 star product.
computer|Let me start by saying I am a huge google supporter/user. And an android nut. Took me awhile but I finally convinced my wife to get an android phone. Then I made the mistake of getting this POS for her. I got it because she only ever really uses a computer for browsing the net. Watching Netflix movies and watching Broadcast television shows from their own websites. FIRST STRIKE: No netflix. Sure, you can watch it on the chrome browser on a windows machine. Netflix uses Silverlight for security which is a windows product. But once you try on the chromebook OS.... NO GO. Big minus in my wifels book, but not horrible enough to give up on google and I convince her to keep it. SECOND STRIKE: the chromebook continuously restarts it's self. Mind you the one big bonus of this $#!&#8224; thing is that it can restart amazingly quickly.  Every few minutes her operating system restarts the entire computer, interrupting the only real use she gets out of the computer. THIRD STRIKE: Do we really need to go here? It has already failed at two of the most useful things it could do for my wife's computer activities.Could this thing work for the average person? Probably not. Because it would still restart every few minutes and ruin whatever you are doing. I guess if you are looking up recipes and cooking, another activity my wife intended it for, some of the restarts could be less annoying because you may be busy with a recipe step.Pros:Nice robust loud speakers.Light weight.Great Battery life.Incredible Start up speed. (Which you will become VERY familiar with as it will restart on you every few minutes.) HINT: Only have one sign in and make sure not to have it password protected to increase your restart times for less interruption time....Cons:Not compatible with Netflix and unlikely to be any time soon as Netflix has security enforced by Microsoft corp which is a competitor of google.See Last listed pro.... Thing is going to restart on you for no good reason.... over and over and over andddddd. Well You get it...
computer|This computer is excellent when it works. It's light. The response is snappy. The battery life is excellent. The screen is crisp and easily read.The problem is that twice in less than one week, I had to rebuild the operating system, and of course, the first time, I had to go out and buy a new flash drive because the dozen I already had were too small. After the second rebuild, I decided to return the computer. Something is obviously wrong with the machine, and it is just plain unreasonable to expect an end user to repeatedly rebuild an operating system.This is really sad because I am looking to retire my HP netbook before it becomes too slow to be of use, and the Chromebooks appeared to fit my need perfectly, even with the absence of Skype. I suppose I got a lemon. I might try again later, or just get another small Windows machine and wait another generation on Chrome.Note: The vendor, IMG, accepted the request to return the machine without question.
computer|I bought two of these chromebooks for my daughters. One of the units broke after a few weeks of use (purchased from Google Play). I called Samsung customer service, and they arranged for me to send it back. So far so good. Well, it's now been almost one month. it was originally going to be repaired but they "didn't have the part" for a brand new product? The status of my service ticket now (and for over a week now) says "transferring to exchange department". I've called customer service twice and have been given no new information. In fact they told me that their only contact with this department is via email and that I'll just have to wait for them to contact me. After my experience with Samsung's customer service, I don't think they have the tools to effectively handle these types of problems. I've now put the company on my "do not buy this brand" list.
computer|I bought this for lightweight travel, and simply trusted the glowing reviews. Specifically I bought it for a trial run on a 4-day trip to nyc. I don't need an ipad for business, and am largely retired so I don't see the need for spending $600 for a featherweight connection to the internet. I bought the chromebook as a 2lb alternative to my normal 15.6&#34; laptop.Total Frustration. In my hotel room the wireless connected easily and functioned smoothly, though not always quickly or efficiently.But in the city itself, at various starbucks where the att-wifi is a strong and dependable connection, I found that the chromebook connected but haphazardly, and mostly not at all if I was surrounded by any reasonably sized crowd of Apple-munchkins chowing down on their feedlines. This shouldn't happen. A good wireless card should pull in and hold that signal regardless of how many may be crowded around and beside me. The chromebook updates itself, so it wasn't some anachronistic cast-off. Based on my experience, it's a toy for kids. Or for those who live far far far away from the maddening crowd.It wasn't the crowd I found maddening. It was the google OS: weak bones. No muscle.
computer|The Chromebook OS cannot handle multiple open windows, when in one full page frame clicking the touch pad often open pulldown menus that do not belong to this window to other windows, or other apps that are not open.I am hoping that there will be free updates to the OS, and the Apps, but as of today Microsoft and Apple are not at any risk.
computer|I just received my Chromebook and think it's a fabulous concept and design. It works well except for one major problem which may force me to return it. It will not go into sleep mode. When not in use for a few minutes, it *appears* to go into sleep mode -- but it does not. Rather, the machine is in some kind of suspended hanging state. The power button is illuminated, but no action (tapping the touch pad, keys, even the power button) will wake it up. The same thing happens when I close the lid, which the instructions state is supposed to put it to sleep. To restart it, I have to hold down the power button for about 15 seconds to do a force-shutdown, and then push the power button again to restart the system. Also, when the computer is stuck in the not-sleep hanging suspended mode, it is draining the battery. (When in an actual sleep mode, the computer is not draining its battery.) So not only is this inconvenient and troubling, but all of the extra force-shutdowns and restarts are hard on the system and surely shortening the lifespan of the computer and its battery.I went on the Google user forum and discovered that perhaps a dozen users registered the same problem. One use had a workaround, but it's inconvenient (you can't let the computer idle into sleep; you have to sign out and shutdown each time you stop using the machine for awhile). Then I emailed a Chrome Google Ninja. I'm afraid I'll have to return this otherwise nice computer, and while I'd like to get one that works properly, I don't know how many of the ones in stock have this defect. I hope the Google folks read this, since they are generally brilliant and surely can fix this.
computer|Samsung's hardware is impressive, but the Chrome OS isn't quite ready for prime time. Every time I go to a new tab, the screen refreshes, which is time consuming and also sometimes erases text that I had just entered on the browser window. I use the two-step Gmail sign-in, and every time I power down the machine, it makes me reenter the new six-digit code, another time waster.While it makes the Google features such as Gmail, Google Drive, and YouTube easy to access, it isn't nearly as easy to use as a Windows OS, as it lacks many of the keys and the Windows functionality. I find myself constantly frustrated with the poor WiFi connectivity and the slow performance. I added in an SD memory card, but the system does not use it to boost the working memory. It treats it mostly as a memory transfer mechanism, much like a USB memory stick.If you travel by air frequently, the free 12 Gogo passes might make it worth the cost. Otherwise, I'd recommend buying a cheap Windows PC or a Nexus tablet. This device tries to be both, and fails miserably.
computer|the pc runs hot and turns itself off. The #1 sticks on the keyboard. The power cord is too short. I can't download pictures from my nikon coolpix
computer|I was very disappointed to get this product home and find that I could NOT access Netflix on it. Can you tell me why???
computer|It works well, on a new platform, quickly browses, turns on in seconds, very light with good battery life, drawbacks are the screen is not that sharp, the touch pad navigation is disappointing and the hibernation/on/off setting is confusing.It does get the job done for an excellent price
computer|Product arrived as described, at correct time. Packaging was adequate in order to ensure that the product would not be damaged.
computer|This is by far your best option if you are looking for a Chromebook.That being said, the OS/hardward falls short. I knew going into it the basics of Chrome OS and the fact there I would no longer be using a computer the same way.What I didn't know was that even watching a simple YouTube video would be a strain for the computer. And forget about juggling multiple tabs because it is painful. The browser reloads each tab every time you switch to it.I am heavily invested in the Google ecosystem so the only thing I really missed was a CD/DVD drive. All my music and documents are on an external hard drive or in cloud so no losses there.In terms of hardware, the computer felt luxiously cheap. No problems with the weight or size at all.There were a few times the web pages would stop loading causing me to reboot to be able to do anything.All and all it makes a decent portable options, but I cannot recommend it as your main computer.
computer|Really nice laptop. Blazingly fast and amazingly light. On the downside, I have been unable to run or install Java on it. I would have also liked to have a backlit keyboard. Nevertheless, it is a great value!
computer|This product is super fast loading, simple to navigate and very light. Its great that it transfer no heat so stays cool in your lap.Just need Google to recongnize Christian beliefs.............
computer|I bought this is a spare laptop that anyone can use. I've got my whole family on skype 24/7 around the world, but it doesn't have skype. To connect to the wifi, open amazon, login and get here took me about 20 minutes. While I was being signed in to amazon on the chromebook, it was taking so long, I decided to grab my macbook air, went off standby, connected to the wifi, got to amazon logged in, got to this page while I was still being logged in to the chrome book.It looks great, but way too slow for me to use. And not having Skype with my family, just won't work.
computer|I send the new laptop beacuse it kept freezing now I have to return this one because the speaker is not working right.
computer|While it physically looks and feels great, it is not any more powerful than my Android phone. In fact, it has more limitations than my phone does. You cannot install any programs that are not web-based, and right out of the box the apps that are supposed to be pre-installed were not. When we tried to download them from the Google Play store nothing worked and all we got were error messages. Big Christmas disappointment. Am returning it to go buy a laptop from a brick and mortar store.
computer|This is a smart-looking small laptop that was defective right out of the box. Delivered at 11 am, discovered defective WiFi (repeated, but inconsistent DNS Lookup Error) on Network #1 at 11:05 am, same result on Network #2 at 11:15 am, and, after processing return request on a different computer, discovered the device would no longer recognize my user password due to corrupted device settings, so I am unable to wipe my email account used for the Chrome device. Splendid.Back it goes. Looks nice, but think twice. Difficult system to get your information off of it if the device is defective.NOTE: I am editing my review to add that of course, any product can be defective but my issue here is that in this instance, it is impossible for me to delete my personal info on the device before returning it, necessitating my changing a lot of account passwords. It's a hassle and sure it's bad luck, but with two negative reviews posting right in the same timeframe as mine, I wonder if this was just a bad lot of ChromeBooks.
computer|After much research, I settled upon the Chromebook as a highly portable second computer, as a graduate student to do light writing and paper editing while I was away from home. I received my Chromebook a week after ordering. When I opened the computer, turned it on, logged in, and it went black. Thinking it was just a mistake and maybe the power cord had come unplugged, I held down the power button and shut the computer down, gave it a few minutes and turned it back on. Within 10 minutes the screen had froze again and this time it was blurred lines all the way across the screen. Turned it off, back on, and within 5 minutes it had done it again. I kept turning it off and and every few minutes it would freeze again, and the last time I barely got it to stay on long enough to erase the memory so I could return it, and return it I did. Of course, I do not believe this is indicative of all Chromebooks, and only a few have written about this problem with their Chromebooks. However, this is MY review of MY Chromebook. I do believe the machine is capable, however mine was not. Maybe I just got a lemon.
computer|I wanted to like this product but I could not even activate it since it would not recognize my Netgear 4500 router or Sprint hotspot. I contacted Samsung technical support who said to do a total restore of the operating system which I did. It still would not connect.12/27/2012 I came back home after being away for a few days. Google must have sent out an upgrade. The Chromebook now recognizes my router including the 5GHz side.
computer|Totally worthless.....no software...need to load everything yourself...and even then will not play YouTube or any Flash drive.....You get what you pay for....
computer|Excited when it arrived yesterday. Opened it up charged it up and began to explore what I could do with it. I was thinking this is just perfect for my needs. Closed the top and went to bed. This morning it will not boot. Blue light on the power button is on it is charged (have it plugged in now) and nothing. Right now I am thinking what a POS. Looking for some tec help from Samsung but nothing yet. I will let you know how Amazon handles the exchange ( or refund not decided yet). If I could give negative stars I would.Sent from my iPad!Mike D
computer|I am very disappointed with the chromebook. I was hoping to replace my laptop computer, but so far this device cannot stream netflix or amazon videos. I love it otherwise, it is small and light and boots up so quickly. I was also hoping to use it to transfer pictures from my camera to the cloud drive, but this is either impossible or difficult to figure out - I spent a few hours trying the other night and was unsuccessful.
computer|I love this computer,don't get on computer much,but I love it....Very reasonably priced...overall Great product( I think it's the right size..not to Big or not to small)
computer|I love the weight of the Chromebook, the speed of the boot up, and I am loving the keyboard (though it is "missing" some buttons)...BUT... Netflix DOES NOT SUPPER CHROME OS, and the screen is a little disappointing. I feel... hazy looking at the screen. It does what it needs to though, but still.Still a good basic computer for people that are more web-based computing users.
computer|I love the size, the weight and portability of my new little Chromebook. Google is so smart too .... searching is easier than ever as it seems to remember anything I've ever searched for previously.My only complaints are: 1) it seems that in order to read everything properly, you really need a mouse because part of the text doesn't show when navigating without a mouse. That's a big issue; and 2) I'm a Microsoft Word girl, so still have to learn how to convert the Google equivalent to Word. Hopefully that won't be a big problem. Do others know about this??So, aside from this, I LOVE my Chromebook!! I welcome other comments as I wonder what others think.
computer|still learning how to use chromebook but so far, its doing what I expected and more, quick and fairly easy to use wish I could get the games I use on my dell but maybe its me, time will tell
computer|I have a newer (not cloud-ready) Brother multi-function printer and I can't print to it. Period. This seems a serious mis-step by Google, who previously I thought could do no wrong. Pretty weird...As a writer, this made it useless to me. That said, there was plenty to like about it otherwise with the exception of the flimsy body that creaked when I held it near the edge.I am back to my old Dell Netbook (which this reminded of), much slower, but I can print!
computer|Very light, quiet, and cool. Great for taking on the go. Tough getting use to from using typical laptop. Con: cannot download certain things like Itunes.
computer|I really did love love my chromebook...it was fast, lightweight, cool (temperature,) and sooo easy to use. I did however return it because even though it had the usb ports i had nothing compatible. My iPod, my son's LeapPad, even my phone were all unrecognizable devices. As far as the internet and the computer as what it is, i would definitely recommend this. I kept reading 'great second computer' and to me that seemed like, well what do you need two for?? Our first computer got damaged when a pipe broke and we had never needed more than our one computer. But after having the Chromebook i understand, because you can only get on the internet. I kept thinking that would be great because we have all these devices that have been pretty useless since we lost our computer...but you can ONLY GET ON THE INTERNET. You can't get anything off the internet. I'm not very tech savvy so i don't know if i just didn't get it or i was expecting too much. Either way i did love it, it just wasn't a good fit for what we needed.
computer|Love it. Easy start; does what we were expecting. Holds a charge long enough to do what we need. Recommend
computer|I had never even considered a windows netbook because of their general sluggish performance, and chromebooks always seemed like the solution... except for the 400-500 price. When this new version came out at only 249 I knew I had to get it. I was thrilled when the laptop arrived. It's the thinnest and lightest laptop I've ever used, and very zippy on the inside.First I'll start with the hardware. The build quality is so-so. It looks pretty similar to the Macbook Air, but don't be confused, it is PLASTIC. It flexes pretty easily, which at first I was very concerned for, but after about a month of use it hasn't been an issue. Well, there is one problem. The touchpad is slightly sunken in one corner, but that hasn't bothered me too much.The keyboard is perfect, and I mean perfect. I can tell my WPM has increased, which is saying a lot because I'm the fastest typist I know. I actually didn't know it doesn't have a caps lock key, that was a fun surprise when it came. Instead there is a search key, which lets you look through your Apps as well as straight-up google. I haven't missed the caps lock key at all, and if you think you'd need to have access to it easily, there is a keyboard shortcut for it (I think it's shift-search or something like that). Another thing that I found weird is that the power key is just another key, like not a separate button. There is a small light in the key though, so I have only accidentally hit it once haha.As far as the screen goes, this was my first experience with a matte screen. It has the same resolution as my previous laptop (1280x726 I THINK, something like that anyway) but it's a lot smaller (that one was 15.6 I think?), so it's pretty sharp. It's not a glossy screen, so it does better at reflecting light. Its viewing angles leave a lot to be desired, but because of it's small size it's not hard to find a good angle. I've used this laptop to watch a lot of movies and it performs pretty well. The built in media player is pretty limited but good enough. It's extremely bright, though, and has a feature that automatically adjusts the brightness depending on your surroundings.The trackpad, I'll be honest, I was very nervous about. I've used macbook airs & pros for the last few years but also a desktop running Windows 7. Bu man was I surprised at how natural it felt. Most of the mutli-touch gestures are there, such as two-click right click, three-click middle click, two finger scrolling which, in my opinion, blows mac's out of the water. Weirdly enough, a few functions have disappeared. When I got my laptop it included left & right two-touch gestures for 'back' and 'forward' functions in the browser, but those disappeared with an update (though there are dedicated &#60;- and -&#62; keys for this purpose). Pinch-to-zoom is reportedly in the works but not here yet. I'll also note that it does support tap to click, so you don't have to physically push down the button, just tap it. Overall I was very happy with the trackpad's performance.USB 2.0 AND 3.0 have proven very useful, as well as the SD slot (though as I mentioned it does stick out a bit, but it's no problem for me). No VGA but there is HDMI, which face it, is all you really need these days. I haven't tried streaming it through my Bluray player, but I still have my desktop for that.One more thing, there is no disk drive.Now on to Chrome OS, or as it used to be called, Chromium. I found the media format limitations pretty disappointing. I couldn't play a lot of my movies on it, and there is currently no support for Netflix. Honestly that's pretty lame. It has been confirmed to be in the works but I'm not expecting anything to come out of it soon. Once Netflix support does arrive though, the laptop's versatility will be tons better.There is a basic file manager, arranged in files just like Windows, as well as a task manager that was very natural to use. You can pin items to your taskbar, just like windows 7, which I was very happy with. Most of what you do will be in the chrome browser, which syncs all the info across all your devices. But there are also 'apps' you can use. Honestly, most of these are just links to regular websites, which are certainly useful, especially when your bookmark bar is full. Some of them are different though, like a few games. By far my favourite and most-used app is the New York Times, which provides a perfect online experience that puts their regular website to shame.On a side note, I have had a few problems with the laptop displaying some websites' mobile version. It's been a rare mistake, but one of my favourite websites, nfl.com, only displays the mobile version. Which really really really sucks. Accounts for basically the whole star taken off.Anyway, this chromebook is the perfect solution for the on-the-go problem that bigger, heavier laptops present. Make no mistake, it is not a primary computer, mostly because of software & media format limitations, but it has been the best secondary computing machine I have come across, and for the 249 price you can't go wrong. It doesn't have the app selection of the cheaper, 199 Nexus 7, but the full-size keyboard and Chrome OS make it feel more like a laptop than a tablet in a good way. If you do most of your work in Google Drive like me, this laptop will fulfill all your needs in the classroom and conveniently sinks in the cloud (it comes with 100GB of Drive storage for 2 years) so you can pick up where you left off on your windows machine. The battery lasts all day (I consistently have it last 7 hours using google docs, even better than the 6.5 hours it says) and I don't even notice the weight when I carry it. At 249 it's a bargain that you can't pass up, whether it's for you secondary computer or your kid's first.
computer|At first I thumbed my nose at Chromebooks because I was trying to compare it to a traditional windows based x86 laptop. When I finally started looking at my own usage. I only have one or two programs that I used on my desktop that are not web based. Everything else is in the cloud.I own a web design company and purchased this devise when my old laptop died. For the price, I could not give it a try. It is an amazing device. I am still blown away by how fast it boots up and is ready to use.The keyboard is as good as advertised.The display, is also as advertised, it is sub-par, but works for what I am doing...just not as crisp as a normal laptop or PC. Again look at the price point and for the price the display is good enough.I would really suggest this if you are a google user, the way that everything is right where you would expect it to be is really pretty amazing.
computer|can not install programs like JAVA, that is a must program to use with POGO.POGO is a game service that my wife suscribes to.
computer|I could not get used to the OS system, could not drag and drop files. Just not enough of a real computer for the price. I bought the Asus Ultra book, i5, for $700.00 at Amazon and it is wonderful!
computer|Can't honestly rate it. It worked intermittently and then not at all. Called & talked with IT. They told us to send it back and they will repair or replace. Have to say customer service is great so far. Please contact again about this product as it's not a fair evaluation of the product.
computer|This is perhaps the most disappointing item I've EVER purchased. I bought it as a gift for my father for the holidays. When I opened the box and turned it on it was working fine. After 20 minutes we noticed issues. Once the computer was closed and reopened the screen would appear to be blank. A completely dark screen. The only thing that made you aware that the computer was on was the small light on the power button.To get the computer to work again I'd have to hold the power button down and do a full restart, each and every time I closed the machine. I tried to find information online about the issue, but was not successful. Apparently this issue has been occurring since about November and Google still hasn't come up with a solution for it.Even worse than that, Samsung is totally unprepared to process any sort of request and their Customer Service people are not even aware of the issue (even though many users have had this problem).A very disappointing purchase. I'm never going to buy a non Mac laptop ever again.
computer|I received this netbook yesterday, and it stopped working after less than an hour. I received a message that the login could not be processed due to a corruption in the device settings. No once from Samsung tech support of the Google live chat could help, and suggested I can my warranty provider. While I had purchased warranty, I just decided to return it for a refund. Back to tried and trusted Windows/Office netbooks for me. Not ideal, but at least they work.
computer|it didn't meet my requirement as far as itune access for all my needs..i purchase a different laptop to meet my needs.
computer|we bought this note book for our 10 years old daughter for christmasSamsung Chromebook (Wi-Fi, 11.6-Inch) and google is not suitable for her age ,2 month now and the note book doesn't switch on and doesn't seem to have a warranty .any reply from someone please ?
computer|The touchpad mouse does not work well, if at all. As this is key to all performance it makes using this machine difficult, sometimes impossible.I might buy an external mouse to solve this, or just return this so far useless chromebook.My friend bought an Acer version with the same flaws and problems.He advised me on dealing with some difficulties as the HELP section online is worthless and of no use.If anything this Chromebook has wasted many hours of my trying to get it to work properly.Buying this flawed machine was a terrible mistake. Be warned, my Samsung, my friend's Acer, same flaws.
computer|I sent it back. Amazon deserves 5 stars for its swift, efficient return policy that had UPS pick up this defective product at my door free of charge and then issued a full refund. My cromebook would not stay connected to the internet. Every time you click on a new web page it has to search for a connection again and reconnect making this the slowest internet browser on the market which is a serious charge for a product that does not work without an internet connection.
computer|You'll experience show-stoppers every few days. At first, I went through the motions...downloaded Chrome extensions for seemingly simple tasks. Then, today, I got completely shut down because, get this, Chromebook won't open a CSV file. A friggen comma separated value file, vanilla file. Dropbox? Read only through the extension. You'll constantly find yourself trying to get used to it then coming across a situation where &#34;Chromebook doesn't do that.&#34;WI-FI issuesGot an iPhone? Trying to use the hotspot? Chromebook hates you. Chromebook likes to connect to the hotspot but not resolve any web pages. But only sometimes. Sometimes, it works great. But as far as rock-solid reliability, if you even manage to get a solid connection, you get to battle with &#34;Is there a Chrome extension to do this or that?&#34; Anything with JAVA? Forget it. Not supported.You'll beat your head against the wall attempting to use this device, I promise you that.Just spend the extra $50 bucks and get a fully-functional laptop. Install a virus-program and be free of the Chromebook restrictions.I tried to like Chromebook. I really tried. But if you're goal is to spend $250 bucks for the world's best email computer and youTube surfer, then by all means, get it but if you actually need to do work under a variety of conditions, Chromebook is nothing more than Google spending their hoards of cash on an under-developed concept.
computer|The chromebook is pretty great all things considered. Super light. ummmmmmmmThe quality of the plastic it's made out of is a little lacking, but whatevvss. Also, i'm not too pleased i cannot get netflix on here yet. they say it will be here soon, but i wish i had known that at time of purchase.
computer|Great fast practical and to the point if u really look for a browser in the move so it is the chromebook just need to have Skype as an app to be available for it hope to see it soon
computer|Well I'll try not to repeat everything that's already been said but....for $250 you're getting a pretty good internet surfer and a great secondary laptop but it's not suited to being a primary tool.WHAT I LOVE1) The battery life is amazing. I can run mine for 7-8 hours consistently without needing to be plugged in.2) No moving parts in this thing so no heat generated and this thing is thin. I owned a Macbook before and this is as thin as the Air with similar gestures on the touchpad for about a thousand bucks less. I get the feeling Samsung is going to make a good living ripping off Apple's ideas and then selling them to the public at much more accessible prices and this is fine with me.WHAT I HATE1) The Chrome webstore isn't a collection of apps at all like I originally thought. It's basically a dressed up way to click a fancy icon and it redirects you to the official website. Nothing special there. I don't know what's so amazing about that concept, it's called a bookmark and we already have those. Also, I can get Google Drive and all other Google apps from my standard laptop so what's the added benefit of a Chromebook?2) No ability to connect up to my printer via USB port. You have to make sure that your printer has the "cloudprint" ability along with it. If not then you'll need to drop more cash for a new printer. My printer has no driver support for the Chrome OS unfortunately.3) Google's version of Word and Excel are good starts but lacking many features that those programs have perfected based on many years of user feedback. Google's version of these cannot replace Word and Excel regardless of what Google tells us.Overall I gave 4 stars because this laptop is nothing special but it's pretty great for 250 bucks and an 8 hour battery life. I think the idea of cloud-based apps is genius but for now I'll just keep using my tablet.
computer|A laptop from Google? Oh boy, if you only knew how fast I got in line for this bad boy. At a wonderful $329 price-tag and built-in 3G, this is a student's dream. Or so I thought...Sadly this bare-bones operating system is woefully underdeveloped. I understand Google's willingness to cut out the middleman (Microsoft) and sell cheap netbooks, but restricting the ability for users to install even the most essential of programs is a fatal flaw. For instance, the internet of today wouldn't be what it is without Java. This quiet little platform is only visible as an icon in the system tray. Most computer users can only recall the nuisance of the pop-up updater as their only interaction with the program. It's surprising to some when they find out just how deeply embedded Java is in today's internet and devices. In fact, Java has become so integral to today's technology that even I was surprised at how handicapped I was without it.Now let me be honest and tell you what a fantastic time I had with this thing. It's lightweight, portable, and has internet access anywhere! (maybe there's a dead spot somewhere out there but I didn't find one, Verizon is pretty great as far as coverage is concerned. Now I'm a little worried about the 100 MB cap per month (most webpages are at least 1 MB to load), but I hardly ever found myself without wi-fi so I probably used under 10 MB's. The display is crisp and clear, keyboard amazing, and it has a very slick look.So why only 3 stars? Why did I return it? It was a pretty difficult decision, let me tell ya..... But ultimately the lack of support for Blackboard, the national-standard learning platform for online higher education, is what killed the deal for me. Maybe after a few more releases they'll have it all figured out, but for now I'll just shell out a little more $$$ and wait for my hp envy x2 to get here :)tl;dr This is the best second computer out there to get on a budget. The simplest Remote Desktop ever is built-in so it's manageable if you need to access a program to just remotely run it with ease. But if you're looking for your first device you may be surprised how many features you're missing out on a few months later. The Chrome web store just isn't yet up to par with having alternate solutions but I trust in Google's ability to fix this one day.Thanks for reading!
computer|Purchased for a friend, the immediate short comings: 1) No Skype, 2) terrible Google telephony, 3) Static IP WiFi addresses prohibited, 4) Counter intuitive for Windows user, 5) Chromebook supplied without manual.Later disappointments: WiFi failed in middle of use after less than 90 days. 3 hours of live chat support and erroneous support web sites lead to bricking of system. Were sent to a support web site that did not work, subsequent one hour chat straightened that out. Unable to save anything (settings, downloads) for system. Planning to send the brick back to "service" for a minimum 11 business days not including shipping.After a few hours the Chromebook booted (?) still with the old system loaded. Found recovery with USB stick instructions for download at google-chromeos website. Did that, only taking another hour or so and now the Chromebook is "operating" "normally" - except all downloaded files are gone.In fairness, Samsung Live Chat operators seemed eager to fix the problem, but were not up to the task.Advice: (a) if you have a Chromebook, buy and keep a 4GB USB stick. Download the recovery software for your system and install it on the USB stick. If there's a failure and no other computer available, you can use it. If another computer is available, update the USB stick and use it. (b) Anything you "download" to keep, save on Google Drive, temporary or intermediate stuff can be saved on "downloads", and will be lost on recovery. (c) the wireless device in the Chromebook is pretty wimpy and susceptible to interference, distance that don't phase real WiFi hardware, so stay away from other WiFi systems, away from noise generators such as florescent lamps, etc. (d) The purchase of a USB-Ethernet dongle might be a good idea. (e) Get used to thinking the "google-way", it'll save you time and suffering.The Chromebook-ChromeOS has some nice things, but you can only use them if it's working.
computer|This product just arrived today so I can't elaborate on my review. As a brand new product out of the box, it is working fine as expected. NOTE: You can NOT stream Netflix movies if you have a Netflix account as I do. Google Chrome notes on the Netflix website that they are working on allowing the streaming of videos.
computer|Hi Folks - look out for this one! The Chromebook is a cool concept in theory, but it's really nothing more then a web browser and a portal to Google's cloud drive. That's all. Try as I might, I could not access the many documents, videos, or music files on my home network. I kept the Chromebook for about 48 hours, working most of that time to try and find some way to view and work with my home network... didn't happen. Despite searching, installing small applications like Serviio, and the like. None of it worked, and even those applications that found my network remained extremely clunky.Bottom line? I love Google. I love solid state drives. But my Kindle does more than the Chromebook. Maybe the next version or OS update will allow users to use their home networks, but right now the Chromebook is little more than a dumb terminal with a 16 gigabyte thumb drive and a keyboard.I cannot recommend the Sumsung Chromebook. Instead, I bought a Toshiba Ultrabook - on which I am writing this review, while listening to Styx Renegade through my home network. And I'm diggin' it!Buy a good laptop. Chromebook isn't there yet. Thanks to Amazon for the easy return of the Chromebook! Best wishes.
computer|This review is more against Amazon than Samsung. This product is okay. For $250 minus discounts, the price is a good value. Don't expect Mac Air quality. This chromebook is plastic and keyboard is not ideal for typing. However, I'll give this device 4 star since I still like it.Pro: battery life, light, I love the ChromeOS approach, comes with a rudimentary ssh terminal to access my ssh servers.Con: Google Print, not many offline apps, and keyboard is quality is questionable. I'm also concerned about the paint/finish of the computer. Likely will wear out and scratch easy.As for Amazon, I wish I could give them a rating. I requested a second replacement computer since the first one delivered had a nick in the case. The second one was delivered quickly and in good faith. Unfortunately, the second one had a bad keyboard. I noticed that it was difficult to type since the keys were not uniform. Some required light touch and others required harder press. This made it difficult to type quickly.I decided to keep the computer with the cosmetic defect (and better keyboard). I wish Amazon sold "new" items. I may call their customer support tomorrow. This isn't the first time I got a "used" item sold as "new".If you have a difficult keyboard to use, consider a replacement from Amazon and cross your fingers.
computer|My husband heard about this computer through friends who raved about how inexpensive it is also how easy it is to throw in a bag and go its very light lighter than 1/2 of most textbooks. I love how thin and sleek it is however that also has its disadvantages such as, It scratches very easily I have several scratches on mine and I seldom use it. Its definatley not child friendly as it is confusing to navigate once you are used to a windows system or such. I still cannot get over how nice the keyboard feels to my fingers they just sorta glide around I do enjoy the ease of that. I would not reccomend this to anyone with slow or dial up internet I have high speed wifi and it freezes alot on youtube and facebook. Most importantly it is not currently able to stream videos and that is a huge dissapointment to me as I like to use netflix and sometimes when out of town or laying in bed I enjoy picking a good movie however, chrome is working on this issue and realize this is an inconvienence by all means so in my opinion cute light wish there was a stronger material and easier to navigate thanks for listening hope it helps :)
computer|The thing I like about the Samsung Chromebook is its light weight and quickness to bring up a new page. I do feel I need an in house tech person to help me. Transferring pictures to my computer is important. I still dont know how to do it. There is no storage, so Google stores them for you. That is if you can figure it out. Wish I had bought something else.
computer|We've only used the product for about two weeks. It constantly goes offline. The latest problem is a black screen. When I finally called customer service, I was told that we'd need to buy something else in order to have the product fixed. I'm returning the product as soon as I get your mailing address. What a disappointment!!
computer|Closed the Chromebook and put it on a table. When I got back the screen was not functioning. All I did was close it like normal. Best Buys says I broke it. Wait a second. Isn't the unit supposed to be opened and closed. Apparently they need instructions that you need to close it carefully. Give me a break. My Dell doesn't have this problem
computer|We ordered this computer on Amazon, opened the box , charged computer, and tried to turn it on. No matter what we do it won't work. Even though the computer is fully charged a blank screen shows up
computer|My Wife did some homework on this before the purchase, but this was not at all what she expected. This functions as a glorified iPad (so if that's you're purpose, maybe take a look). We have returned this product. Amazon was great about the return and made it extremely easy. Thanks.
computer|Many of the apps on the Chrome web store are not compatible with the Chromebook! My bad for assuming that anything available for Chrome browser would work on Chrome OS. It also crashes and restarts without notice somewhat regularly. The hardware is great, too bad the machine is worthless to me. I installed Chrubuntu, that didn't work too well either.
computer|Recomendado ampliamente. Entrego la mercancia en tiempo oportuno y en perfectas condiciones. Vendedor altamente responsable. La mercancia llego a mi pais con las especificaciones descritas por el vendedor, es decir totalmente nuevo y en perfectas condiciones.
computer|This was a good price just not what I was looking for. I needed a laptop that I could work on even without internet connection and this was not it. I went with Toshiba Satelite!
computer|I love the Samsung Chromebook ....until I found out that the Samsung one does not play Netflix movies which is really making me think about returning it. From what I found out Samsung was supposed to be fixing this at the end of the year (2012) but hasn't as of today.
computer|the chromebook is a great idea that, at least in this model, has not yet come into its own. this was a gift for a friend, and as such the (ongoing) problems with the so-called free year of 3G are horribly embarrassing, and there's no real help for it - Samsung tells you to talk to the carrier while the carrier blames Samsung.don't buy one of these unless you've used one hands-on. the interface is unintuitive & connectivity is sporadic, even in wifi.
computer|I figured this Chromebook would be adequate to connect to my TV to stream TV shows like The Daily Show and generally use it as an entertainment laptop. It does not handle that task well at all, so I returned it.
computer|Flash consistently crashes. the &#34;right-click&#34; mouse setup is interested but not really functional... It is wonderful technology but it still needs to make improvements. One thing is that its so small that I find myself getting my face closer and closer to the screen.
computer|DO NOT purchase this Samsung product unless you are willing to take a gamble. The LCD screen on my Chromebook cracked from the inside and is now useless. The Samsung warranty does not cover "cracked" screens. However, the screen self destructed from the inside while sitting on a table unattended. Be warned before considering this purchase.
computer|Spend the money on a cheap pc ..at least you'll be able to sync your darn phone! Can't even stream a movie on my Netflix account..big dissapointment! Good price...but honestly it's just a very complicated tablet..if you are any kind of apple product user...don't waste our time or money.
computer|The latest Chromebook from Samsung based on ARM processor is a great bargain at $250. Very solid keyboard, light, long lasting battery, nice looking when closed.I wish the display would be better quality. I would gladly pay extra $50 for a higher res 12'' IPS display instead what comes in the package. Display is matte but not very bright and not very contrasty, so the the matte quality goes to waste in bright sun anyway. It does not reflect your surroundings but since it is not an IPS display you end up constantly adjusting the screen to face you perfectly. Otherwise contrast is lost very quickly. How quickly, you ask? Well, if I am sitting on a sofa with Chromebook on my lap, even slight change of my head position is enough for contrast going way down. It usually results in whole screen getting darker, the dark areas all becoming black blobs and colors desaturating. Also, since Samsung put an 11.6'' display and full size keyboard, there is a lot of wasted space around the display. It frankly looks cheap. That's why this laptop won't turn anyone's head when opened. The resolution of 1366x768 results in text not overly sharp, especially for aged eyes. 1600x900 would be much better.The touchpad is a bit cramped. I understand that it is a limitation of the laptop size, but it does result in need to constantly adjust your fingers position so you won't bump against touchpad border. I am also not a big fan of the location of the ports. All of them, except SD card slot are on the back of Chromebook. This only works when Chromebook is set on the flat surface like table. Put it on you lap and you will risk breaking the ports since power and USB plugs will be vulnerable to any movement or adjusting your position.Speaking of the SD card slot, the design of it bewilders me. When you insert your card in the port it ends up sticking half-way out of the port, like in USB card readers. This is first time I am seeing this implementation in laptop form. Again, extremely vulnerable and easy to break your card and possibly damage the port if you bump the side against any surface, even soft. This also pretty much precludes you from putting an SD card in and leaving it permanently in the Chromebook as a much needed extra storage.Otherwise, Wi-Fi antenna is good. Google claims that it is dual-band dual-antenna design but I found that it is not very speedy. My Kindle Fire HD beats Chromebook handily in both throughput and range. Speakers are very weak. The worst speakers from all the laptops that I used. It is on the same range as typical tablet speakers. Again, Kindle Fire HD showed that one does not need to have big shell to produce big sound. Overall I would rate hardware at two stars but since the price is so affordable, I would bump one star up.Now as for software. First thing that strikes you is an instant on. The moment I pull up the display it is on and ready to work. Wi-Fi takes about 5 seconds to reestablish connection but by the time you unlock your Chromebook and click any link on the browser it is already on. Chromebook comes with the best PC browser in Google Chrome. Almost all PC extensions work without glitch. My Chrome is equipped with AdBlock, LastPass, ProxySwitch, SpeedDial, Camelizer, XMarks BookMark Sync and others and all of them work on Chromebook the same way as on PC. Some specialized extensions like Clickability Portal do not work. The combination of the Samsung Exynos 5 Dual core CPU, Chrome browser and 2GB of RAM results in great performance. Few dynamic HTML heavy sites lag a little but overall I can not complain. Multi-tabbing works perfectly too. I often have dozen+ sites open at once and usually do not experience any performance degradation.Now, why I call Chrome OS as half-baked. Because it is. First of all, IMO Chrome is a dead-end as OS. Android can do all the same things better and is so much more. Google also does not put much effort in maintaining and updating an OS. Example? Well, how about touchpad gestures. Chrome OS comes with total of 5 gestures! That's right. There is no back or forward gesture, there is no zoom in or zoom out gesture. All you have is move cursor, click, right click, scroll and drag-and-drop. That is it, folks. I have Windows 8 laptop and it takes me an hour just to familiarize myself with all possible gestures, including three finger and four finger gestures. Android and iOS both come with multi-gesture friendly displays. Chromebook relies heavily on keyboard shortcuts, of which there is almost a hundred possible combinations with Ctrl, Alt or Shift keys. Again, great keyboard, so if you are working on your Chromebook at the desk there are no complains. But if you browse Internet or playing some lightweight games on the sofa, you would try to minimize keyboard interaction and rely more on touchpad and the limited functionality of what it can do in Chrome OS is evident compared to all other modern OS. I can connect mouse and enable one of the Chrome mouse gestures extensions but again, it only works on the desk. You just don't use mouse on your lap or anywhere else.Then comes multimedia playback or lack of. YouTube works just fine. No complaints there. Amazon videos can only be watched in standard resolution. It looks ugly. Netflix does not work. Now, many will say that both Google and Netflix are working on the fix and it should be available shortly. Call me realist. I've seen many times before how the 'shortly' projections drag for months and months and at the end of the day Netflix does not have much incentive to be in any hurry because of the negligible market share that Samsung ARM-based Chromebook have. Local video playback is also lousy. Chromebook comes with only a handful of codec and formats supported and outside or re-encoding each and every video in Chromebook friendly format, you will find a very sporadic support. Many of my videos do not play at all. Sometimes if I change file extension to one of Chromebook supported ones the video would work but not the sound. In other words it's unreliable at best and frustrating to no means at worst. Coupled with mediocre display and worse speakers, if you are planning to use it for any entertainment purposes - don't.Google Docs are adequate. I would rate it the lowest from the list of MS Office, Libre and Open Office alternatives. Google Docs are sufficient for some undemanding word or presentation prep work but lacks pretty much any advanced features. Since it is Cloud-based Office suite (you can work with Google Docs offline too), there is an instant save as you type, so I can work on any document, close the display, go to cafe across the street, reopen it and continue working without any loss of data.Where Chromebook shines is in Google Services integration. It comes with 100GB of Cloud storage for two years free of charge, courtesy of Chromebook promotion. The promotion is only valid for the one user and one Chromebook. In other words, if you plan to have to users working on Chromebook, only one can claim the extra space. If you buy couple of Chromebooks and try to claim space on both of them, single user can only claim the first promotion but not any subsequent. If you sell your Chromebook or gift it after claiming the space, it can not be reclaimed by any other user. So be aware of this. Chromebook comes with Gmail set up and ready to use. There is even offline functionality, so you can look at older Emails and reply without necessary connecting to the Internet. next time you reconnect, Chromebook will automatically sync all the Emails.Chrome App Store is very limited compared to Android marketplace or iOS App Store. I would say it's on the level with B&N Nook store. Which is, on other words, nothing to write about. Most of the apps are nothing more then URL links to the vendor web site. Netflix, Pandora, even Youtube do not have any specialized interface. So I do not think of these as Apps, because I much rather have them in my Bookmarks then exposed from the bottom menu. None of the apps go automatically into full screen mode. This is another are where Chrome OS lacks severely compared to all other modern OS. Even Microsoft has recognized with Windows 8 that full screen mode is very beneficial when you want to focus on the primary application and give it as much screen real estate as possible. Google Chrome OS lives in the browser with all of the extra bars both on top and bottom that eat into already very limited vertical space. To switch to full screen there is an obscure Shift-Maximize keyboard shortcut. Good luck executing it when on a sofa with Chromebook on your lap.Overall I really can not recommend this laptop. The price is right and the keyboard is excellent (back lighting would help it even more) but the rest of the package just is not there. If you want something very portable and ready to work with limited Google Docs suite, it's fine. For everything else there are better alternatives. General Web Browsing with occasional Email - tablets are better because of touchscreen and better fitted apps. Entertainment - tablets are in it's own class. Productivity - Windows-based laptops are way more flexible. Gaming - depending on casual or hardcore, either tablets or PC are better in all respects.
computer|I have the noteboook I need for design, media, and other RAM hogging projects, but it is a pain to carry around. I wanted something that I could easily carry for the rest of my work, which mostly involves traveling around, writing a lot, reading a lot, and light email/web surfing. The small size and weight of the new Chromebook, plus the incredible battery life, are perfect for someone who travels. I'm almost always on wifi and I use Google Drive regularly so those were benefits rather than drawbacks for me. And the price is great. So, for all of those reasons, I was really happy about this device being released and thought it was a great deal.However, it gets a &#34;3&#34; for one big reason: the failure to support common streaming video sources. Contrary to what Google says on its site, this device does not work with Netflix. The old Chromebooks work with Netflix, but not this one. And it does not work with NBC sports streaming either. So, no Netflix, no Sunday night football, and this Thursday night, when I'm on the road for Thanksgiving, no watching the Patriots and the Jets on NBC. Hulu works fine but I'm a Netflix customer because I like it better.There are various reports that Google is working the video problem but that does not stop me from being completely irritated. I don't see how they managed to launch this device without the proper support in place. &#34;The Google&#34; knows about everything so surely they've heard about NBC and Netflix, yes? On top of that, how did they manage to leave the misleading statements about the old Chromebooks on their store pages when they were launching this one?If they fix the problem soon I'll get over it, I guess. Right now I'm wishing I had saved the $250 to apply to a more expensive but more satisfactory solution to my needs.Bottom line: huge expectations almost fulfilled then the trap door opens beneath you.
computer|First, what I hope is a manufacturing defect:The other day, the wife closed the lid and didn't put it on the charger (since it was full already). Next day, it was out of juice (plugging it in showed that). Then, the day after that, I was looking at a video, paused it, closed the lid. As I was walking away from it sound started coming out of the speakers. It had started to play the video. I've noticed that to properly come out of sleep takes a few seconds, but sometimes when I open it the display is instantly on. This seems wrong. Anyone else have this problem?Second, the design defect:This thing is impossible to open without having fingernails, and even with fingernails it's very, very awkward to open. Sometimes I can't quite get it and the thing clamps shut from being opened an inch or two. I have a Mac Book and in the 3 years I've had it I've maybe once had that problem. Every single time I open this device I'm reminded how badly it's made. I can live with this one, though.I hope I'm the only one that has the first problem. I'm taking 2 stars off for this until I know if it's a design or manufacturing defect.Taking 1 star off for the second problem. It's just really annoying for me.Other than these two issues, I like it. It is what it is, a laptop that runs Chrome.
computer|I was looking for a laptop or netbook for my mom. She just wants to stream movies and shows online. I thought I had found one, Samsung Chrome. I waited for back order and it finally came. First day, I was little confuse on how it worked, but I learn quickly. I did get this black screen, but I did over look and thought it could be one time thing. Second day, internet does not stay connect and it will stay connect if I five feet away from the router. I checked my internet connection by using my macbook and iphone, they work fine. If it main function is to surf internet and it has problem stay connected to internet, what else can I say about the product. I did not buy a laptop to stay five feet away from the router for it to work. In addition, the black screen, it is just go black, I have no idea if it is on or off. I have to hold on/off button for it to come back on. Yes, it is $250 product, what do I expect! I did not expect MACbook Air. I just expected it to stay connected and able to stream the movies online. I guess my expectation was too high. This is my first review ever! This is how disappointed I am about the product, I have to write about it !
computer|it is flimsy and not well made.the card reader does not work.nor do the usb ports.it shuts down for no reason
computer|If I had known that this computer doesnt have any apps on it I would not have bought It. Im considering sending it back.Im trying run my buiness from this computer, and I can not do the simpliest of things like upload pic..My recommedations, just spend a few extra bucks, and get what ya need the computer is a waste.
computer|Think about it for a moment, does a person need more than a browser (and tools for software development if that is your job)? What more does a person need in life than browsing and software development? My browsing is mainly to get ideas or sample code or solve specific problems by looking up error messages or get library call references. Is email as important as that? Probably mostly a needless distraction but it can be done adequately in a browser.Do we really need budgeting software? Overkill. Keep some numbers in a text file or online or (like me) don't bother. Word processing? I use probably 1/2 dozen menu (sorry ribbon) choices in Word and the rest just get in the way. Spreadsheets? Do it online or if you are doing serious data processing, write some code. Likewise for image processing, do it at an online site or write your own which is very easy with libraries available for most programming languages.The first thing we need to do with this machine is switch to developer mode (google for that). Second we need to run programs. First realize that the way this system is designed, it will run whatever programs are installed and no more. So first remount the home filesystem to execute programs in it:ionsudo mount -o exec,remount /homeWe can easily install software by remounting other filesystems as read/write and using normal installers. But I don't want to do that because I am trying to keep as close as possible to one design philosophy of the machine which is don't muck around in / or /usr or similar locations.Having remounted /home you can now run any software you want. But one catch is that the libraries for most packages would normally be in /lib. So be prepared to set your LD_LIBRARY_PATH in your .bashrc Next we need to find software that will run on this OS and processor. Specifically we need "armhf" I like to use the debian distribution and find the packages and the dependencies myself. To do that I locate the package I want in [...] by clicking through the hierarchy (first I switch to the testing distribution - wheezy). The package is in a .deb format file so I do this on a mac. Using ruby as an example, I find that it needs libc6, so I click to this page:Download Page for libc6_2.13-38_armhf.deb on ARM Hard Float machinesand download the file. Next extract the contents:ar x libc6_2.13-38_armhf.debgzcat data.tar.gz | tar xf -This creates a usr directory in my home directory. I do that for about 8 or 10 more dependencies plus the program itself (in this case ruby). Ruby is probably about average complexity in terms of library usage. This is more tedious than apt-get or similar programs, but AFAIK those do not work without writing into the system directories.Once all the files have been extracted for ruby and emacs (all I want), we set our LD_LIBRARY_PATH in .bashrc. Note that I put ruby and emacs in separate directories in my home directory, but that is not necessary.export LD_LIBRARY_PATH="/home/chronos/user/ruby/usr/lib"export LD_LIBRARY_PATH="${LD_LIBRARY_PATH}:/home/chronos/user/ruby/usr/lib/arm-linux-gnueabihf/gconv/"export LD_LIBRARY_PATH="${LD_LIBRARY_PATH}:/home/chronos/user/emacs/lib/arm-linux-gnueabihf"export LD_LIBRARY_PATH="${LD_LIBRARY_PATH}:/home/chronos/user/emacs/usr/lib/arm-linux-gnueabihf"Tell Ruby where its libraries are tell emacs where the lisp is:export RUBYLIB="/home/chronos/user/ruby/usr/lib/ruby/1.9.1"export EMACSLOADPATH="~/emacs/usr/share/emacs/23.4/lisp/emacs-lisp/"Finally make aliases to run ruby and emacs (or make symlinks and modify PATH instead):alias ruby='~/ruby/usr/bin/ruby1.9.1'alias emacs='~/emacs/usr/bin/emacs23-nox'Now comes an important caveat with this computer/OS. The browser eats all the important control keys, so we can't edit using emacs without downloading the terminal shell. So go to the Chrome store and get some software:[...]I downloaded and installed "crosh window" and "secure shell". What I ended up with is a separate window that I run chrome's shell in, which does not eat control or other meta keys but sends all key strokes to the application inside the window.And that's it, you now have a development station with good screen resolution and GIANT control and alt keys in the lower left corner. There simply is not a better key layout than that. The keys are chiclet and a little clacky. The case is plastic, but the form factor is great - very thin and light. Battery life is great although sleep eats battery more than than my mac. The computer is silent, the USB slots are on the back, the sd card sticks out the side. I would rather have it all sticking out the back because then I can put the computer in a small case and let the cards and sticks stick out the top.The only downside that I have run into is a slight pause every now and then. It seems that stops everything, shell prompts, keystrokes into the shell, etc. Also scrolling complex pages will show a crosshatch screen while the drawing tries to catch up (no pause however). The machine could be underpowered for some people's tastes but not for mine. I lose no productivity with a little noticeable lag every now and then (maybe a couple times a day).Installing the extra software like above takes effort, but I believe it is worth it. For one thing I can tar up my home directory and reinstall it after the OS is upgraded. Using this machine for software development purposes (emacs and ruby in my case) is a breeze. It is highly productive and cost effective.
computer|I bought this as a gift for my daughter. She had a cheaper one that got stolen. I thought I would buy her the better one as she needed it for college. She said she wishes I had bought the cheaper one as it was alot better than this one. She said this one is soooooo slow and she is very unhappy with it. I could have saved myself a 100.00 bucks and got the cheaper one. At least she would have been happy with it.
computer|I was a little disappointed with the quality of the cheap material it is made from. It is just flmsy and not sturdy at all ... But what should I expect from a computer under $ 300? It works fine for my daugher's purposes which consist mostly of facebooking, Skype, Internet surfing. It's a good first computer for a child or teenager.
computer|Nice display, good keyboard, but lousy on battery life (esp. when not in use...power seeps out at 20%+ each day). Worst of all is the lack of ease in downloading to the local drive; it seems everything about Chromebook is designed to get the user into the cloud, and additional costs after the grace period.This device will need a lot more design thought before it gets my vote.
computer|It's a little bit compicated and it is not safari comparable you have to make a google account it does not have a disk drive and and it's smaller than I thought but I guess I can get used to it maybe
computer|I want to know. if the laptop does have a video inside on the side? I can't find a information detail about this laptop. Also there is good quality for using a laptop to running not hot?
computer|This Chromebook is not easy to set up. Instructions are poorly written, had difficulty installing the various parts needed to really get it going. Was EXTREMELY dissapointed that you cannot use Skype on it. The advertising, and even some of the internal links make it look like you can use Skype, but in reality you can't - it defaults to the G-mail video conferencing. I bought this computer for my autistic son who lives in a group home. He was used to using Skype to communicate with me. So dissapointed.
computer|I am not impressed with this item at all. Not sure if it's this particular unit but it keeps knocking out our wi fi. We are sending it back.
computer|Ordered it, waited 3-4 weeks, got it and turned it on. All I got was a blank white screen. Talked with Samsung support and they said it needs to charge for 3-4 hours the first time. When that didn't work, they suggested I send it back. Also tried Google Ninja team. They had me punch several different keys at once for a reset, but that didn't work either. They suggested I send it back. I sent it back for a refund. Amazon said a replacement would be available the first part of 2013. I think I will wait until they have the bugs worked out...
computer|I wanted to love this little thing. I was tired of the bloated Windows OS, the long boot times, the overkill MS Office. Besides, I loved my Android smartphone. All those apps were great. So I bought this Chromebook.My big mistake, and I think many other people might make is that since the Chrome OS is a Google product, you might be thinking its an Android product. It's not. Its simply a web browser with just enough differentiation from what you might be use to, to be annoying. Forget those Android Apps you liked on your phone. they aren't there. Instead you have a plethora of Chrome-tooled add-ons which are mostly packaged links to other websites under the brand of the Chrome Web Store.There's nothing intuitive about the offline tools either. In fact, I had to struggle to find them, and moving items from desktop to Chromebook was fairly tedious. On the other hand, I've been dinking around bleeding edge technology for twenty five years or more and can tell you that the Chrome book lives up to the promise of all new technology which is, it doesn't live up to its promises.
computer|I was sent a beta version of this computer by Google and tested it. I loved the computer. It would do everything I needed it to. I mainly used it as a college student would; taking notes, watching videos, and writing papers. When they came out with the Chromebook for purchase I thought it was a great price and looked good so I bought one. I have been so disappointed with this computer. When I first got it, my Netflix worked just fine but after one update it stopped working because of Chrome OS. It has been a little over two months and it seems to be working again. While my Netflix was down I switched to watching videos through Amazon instant watch. That worked just fine, then one day it told me my Shockwave plugin crashed. There is no way to fix this. I have given my computer to my brother who does computer engineering and he says there is nothing to be done. It has something to do with an update. This has yet to be fixed. It has been about 3 weeks now. The video player also doesn't work on Xfinity On Demand. So pretty much no watching videos on this thing, or at least they won't be reliable.Pretty much the only thing I do on this computer now is Pinterest. If you like to Pinterest this computer is great. Honestly, for what I do on this computer I should of just bought a Kindle Fire, at least on that I could watch a video. I don't want to give this thing a completely bad review because for the most part it works the way I need it to, I just don't like that one day something will work then they put out an update and it goes crazy,
computer|A friend reccomended this to me as a cheap yet good lap top. No way. I can't watch netflix, the speed is awful, and I can't run any programs that aren't related to google. I can't work with any documents other than the ones I create on google docs. I am returning this asap.
computer|In about 3-4 weeks of occasional use, the innards of the screen broke! Outer chromebook plastic case is intact, the inner screen surface is intact, but Samsung's agency says the LCD screen is broken. They are saying, may be it broke in transit and want us to file a claim with UPS. It was returned by us in the original packing! They wanted $50 to fix and are probably waiving it. Not too happy with the purchase. I am glad I deferred buying one for myself!
computer|I ordered the Chromebook because my laptop crashed and I needed something to replace it for school. I don't have very much money but all I needed was device to write essays, do research and submit online assignments with.-Touch pad is erratic and unreliableThe first issue was that the touch pad is extremely sensitive. By when I place one finger on the pad and stay as perfectly still as possible, the pointer jumps around in about a 3-inch area surrounding where I am trying to direct it. Sometimes it works better than others. But at other times it has taken me up to 3 minutes to click on something, even after rebooting and troubleshooting the Chromebook. This makes it very difficult to get work done.Some other drawbacks are that...-Netflix is not supported-You can only play video games supported by Google chrome-Google knows EVERYTHING you do-The integrated webcam sucks & most other webcams can't be used with the chromebook because google chrome doesn't support their software.-I have yet to find an alarm clock that will wake the system up from sleep-no Microsoft word supportedPerhaps my touch pad is defective. If this is the case then I'd recommend using Chromebook only as a second &#34;computer&#34;. I will say it's good at booting up quickly and surfing the web just as fast. It's a cool idea but it's not working for me. I recommend a tablet w/ attachable keyboard over this. You can find them for about the same price. I wish that was what I'd done.
computer|I got so tired of cold booting this book! I liked everything about it, but you should never have to cold boot a computer to bring it out of sleep mode! I can remember not having to do that just one time before sending it back.It's fast, the right size, the right price, it's a nice unit, but it'll really work on you patience.
computer|we own an Ipad and it does not have a flashplayer. Therefore we bought this item , and it still does not work with Poker Stars one of the most popular games on the internet. We waisted our money again.
computer|The reason why i got chromebook was to go on the enternet and play games and watch movies.It dose not have a slot to put a movie in and sometimes you can not go on a website and there is not a lot a gb
computer|Ive got it a week ago and am not completely satisfied because i cant skype with my family, i was looking forward to replacing it with my old Sony VAIo....Also no NETFLIX.....pretty much for basic things like checking your email, facebook, youtube, pandora etc.....it is light and thin.....good battery life.....
computer|I ordered this Chromebook for my boys, ages 5 & 7. The first time they sent it to me, the keyboard had the number 4 on the keyboard twice. When you hit the key board it came up 4 both key strokes.Then they sent another replacement, and this time it was much worse the entire letter keys were misplaced and typed improperly.I don't know why they are having such a hard time making these and testing these before shipment. It is very disappointing.
computer|We returned it because it took at least a minute or longer to load sites. Our IPad worked on the same server and it would load in five or less seconds.
computer|This is not a laptop, has limited function and very slow. Cannot personalize it, everything is web-based. Useless if no wi-fi is available.
computer|Do NOT get this computer! Save your money for another laptop. This computer glitches SO much it gets EXTREMELY ANNOYING! And when it IS ACTUALLY FUNCTIONING (45% of the time) it lags like crazy! The only thing to brag about (which they have done to the limit) is that it takes little time to load. Lastly, six hours of battery life MY FOOT! Keys get sticky often, its hard to select things, and 76% of the apps in the chromebook store are worthless. I have used other computers in the public library from the year 2000 with better connection to the internet and better internet service.
computer|The item was advertised as coming with 2 years of free Verizon 3G service. I received the chromebook from amazon and could not figure out anything about the 3G service. There were no instructions about it. I contacted amazon and was told to contact customer support at Samsung. I contacted Samsung and they said I needed to contact Verizon about having a SIM card sent to me. I contacted Verizon and they said to contact amazon.com about not receiving the SIM Card. What a mess. Everyone is clueless and amazon.com customer service has been terrible in dealing with the problem. Save yourself some grief and DO NOT ORDER THIS PRODUCT.
computer|I bought this as a gift for my husband, who wanted a basic small laptop purely for writing purposes. It sounded ideal. First of all the software is poorly thought out. It is hardly intuitive. To simply type out a document you have to be connected to wi-fi, there isn't any option to do it off line that we could find. Also coupled with a backspace key that sticks FREQUENTLY, the instant save feature in google docs makes writing infuriating. Any progress my husband made was randomly deleted and then instantly saved in its deleted state! We have had it for a week and now are going to return it. Amazon wants us to delete all personal information; how do you delete all personal information when it is intrinsic to the chromebook functionality? We are simply going to log off everything, (a new email account, wi-fi and pandora is all we have used)and hope that we don't run into any problems with Amazon. Stay away from all Chromebooks, don't let the cheap price lure you in.
computer|Why any potato head will buy a chromebook instead of a touchscreen tablet is beyond me. Absolute junk returned the product after unboxing it
computer|You get what you pay for, its cheap, very small, cant really do anything but surf the net and watch youtube with it, battery life is short, just not that impressed, but the price was right
computer|This is not work .i,m in china try use .is no working. No good.so I need return. I can't use.i try buy order netbook.
computer|It is too small for my old eyes. Thanks, liz I need to use a mouse. Have a good day.
computer|Need More Time To Change !Since I Buy This From Amazon I Can't Used Only WEB Browsing !I try To Download More Apps From GoogleTill Now I Use My Old Lap Top With Win7 ! For Ms Office & AutocadMay Be in The Future Google Make Good Cloud OS .... I hopeThanks Amazon Team
computer|This laptop is very adorable. Starts up jet fast.. but it's REALLY hard to get teh hang of. I don't know if it's just because it isn't what I'm used to or if it just reallyy is that hard!!
computer|Google chrome has major problems reading rss feeds... pretty much the only thing I would need this slimmed down computer with a web browser for. The whole thing is pretty much useless. I've tried the fixes and they don't work ,at least no with my blog reader.
computer|Bought the unit because of size. Intended to take it onsite to review action videos made from a Camcorder analyzing my swing. Does not work for the intented purpose because of the operating system it uses. Went back to using an old laptop running windows which is what I should have done in the first place.Not being computer literate, I had trouble getting started with it. Samsung website did not help but customer service by telephone was excellent.Considered using it for Wi-Fi computing but the text is smaller than I would like. Should have bought this from Best Buy with the opportunity to try it and have in-store customer support.
computer|Whenever I turned the chromebook on it had a snowy screen and I had to hit ctrl 2 in order for it to boot.
computer|I would like to have downloaded cd's on this, but it has not drive for that.I would only recommend this book to individuals who are surfing the web.
computer|Didn't know that I couldn't use this to save pictures to. Really wish I could put my pictures from my camera on it.
computer|My nephew suggested it since I don't do a lot of maneuvering around the internet. I can't do the same things that I could with my last lap top. It won't let you put folders on your desktop and trying to unload pictures to post or email out was very difficult. I wish I had invested a little more money and gone with a more expensive laptop. I haven't used the google help area though. It might help me out but it doesn't answer some questions at all that I asked. Doesn't come with the standard games and any that you try to download from their list are crappy.
computer|a beautiful device that is antiquated by not being able to stream Netflix is NOT a good device for me to own!! Come on!! Let's get this device into this century!! Also, after I registered my Chromebook, I was e-mailed a notice that I should register it!! What is going on here???
computer|Got the wife a Chromebook to replace her aging HP laptop since what she does is all Internet based. Seems like a nice, little machine but the one that we got had a problem with the wi-fi capability. Sometimes it was as quick to display a webpage as you would expect on our high speed network. Other times, you would just see the rotating circle progress indicator for a long while then get a message indicating the webpage was unavailable. This was for common sites like GMail, Chrome App store, Facebook, Ancestry, etc. Obvious there was something wrong with the the wi-fi capability in this unit. Called Samsung support and guy suggested doing a reset and told me how (Ctrl+alt+shift+r at logon screen) but that did not help. Wi-fi problem persisted. Also, unit was unable to see our networked printer for Cloud Print. Returned the unit to Amazon after having it in the house less than 12 hours. My advice: Don't waste your time. Forget about the Chromebook and get a real laptop.
computer|Essentially its a very low powered web browser with a hard shell and keyboard around it. A let down. For the money I'd much rather have a Tablet.
computer|I was so happy when my chrome book came. It worked well for a week doing Radom things. I bought it for school so when my semester started back I began to use it to take notes till I accidentally turned it off instead of tuning off the wifi. I turned it back on to see the chrome book had deleted my user .i could not do ANYTHING till I got back wifi . Now this seems to be a permanent problem , almost every other time that I turned off the laptop it deleted my user and If I have no wifi during school or anywhere my chrome book is basically a paper weight. It's the worst buy ever . It personifies cheap things not good and good things not cheap. It's going right back
computer|I still find this a great device for the user who just wants internet in a box. Netflix is now supported.
computer|I'm not a huge tech guy. I mostly use computers for surfing the web and uploading pictures. I figured this computer would work perfectly for me, but in the first 6 hours of using it, there are some serious drawbacks:1) No backlight on the keyboard. I just assumed this was a standard feature on new laptops. Nope. Typing in the dark is pretty tough.2) No streaming for Netflix and other major media providers. They say they're fixing it but who knows how long that will take.3) Video streaming on youtube lags pretty badly. Again, an issue I assumed I wouldn't encounter.4) It can't recognize my jpeg files on an SD card. This, again, is a basic. I eventually was able to upload my pictures into cloud, but I had to attempt it at least 20 times before the files opened on the computer.5) It crashes. Twice already the computer has just shut down. It's a really fast boot up which makes it less of an annoyance, but it just hasn't met expectations on processing power.All that said, this computer is great in a lot of ways: it's light, cheap and fast. It has a great keyboard (besides the backlight problem) and a decent track pad. If you plan on using it for nothing other than web browsing, it will probably suit your needs, but it just doesn't make the cut as a primary computer for anyone who wants to do more than look something up on google occasionally.
computer|Dislikes:It's much slower than I expected...even for the price.It keeps losing connectivy to my wifi for brief periods.When I shut the lid it only turns the screen off...two days later the battery is dead. You have to hold down the on button to turn it off.Very poor screen resolution: My first generation iPad has twice the screen resolution.Likes:Size and form are nice...'borrowed' from the look of a macbook.Battery life is pretty good as long as you hold the on button down for 5 seconds every time you finish using it.This device is going on Craiglist for a quick sale.
computer|I was very excited about the Chromebook, but it turned out to be a huge disapointment! I just received it today, unpacked it and tried to set it up. Let me tell you that you don't just turn it on and go! I never got passed the welcome screen. The Chromebook would not connect to my wireless network. I spent an hour or two chatting with the Samsung Help line. Finally the gave up and said my Chromebook needed to be serviced. I opted to repack and ask for a refund.I don't know if the Chromebook was damaged or if it just was not compatible with my wireless network My provider is Timewarner and it is a modem that Timewarner provides. Anyway, I will stick to my old reliable Mac, and say no thank you to the Chromebook!
computer|I was a little surprised that this is WiFi only. I'm so rural I wasn't able to get WiFi last time I checked. Fortunately, an AT&T Hot Spot now works here, so I'm very happy so far.The notebook is lightweight - feels lighter than my Kindle Fire - and the keyboard is full size so it's easy to use - important because I'm a writer. Customer Service has also been easy to reach and helpful - very important because the instructions for using the notebook are somewhat difficult to understand and often incomplete. If you don't get the help you need, try again. One CS rep didn't understand my problem and told me the notebook was defective; the next rep gave me the answer I needed. Chrome has been a learning curve for me. I'd used it a couple years ago but it's changed a lot. Most recently I had a MacBook and using this is a lot different in many respects, If you're not familiar with Chrome and need to hit the ground running, you probably won't be happy during your learning period. But knowing everything is automatically backed up is a huge relief!
computer|I think that this is a good computer for someone that loves google chrome products. This laptop requires internet in order to log in and that is something that I disliked. Another thing is that it does not operate microsoft office.
computer|I love the idea, and am an avid Chrome and Google Drive user. I've run into some issues with not being able to run java, but I would still give it a try if it wasn't for the resolution.
computer|I was excited to find a laptop like this with its size, price and good battery life. So far those all remain the most redeeming part of this purchase.But there are other factors no one discussed or pointed out. It is like entering GoogleWorld by buying this computer. You have to save everything on the online drive at google bc/ there is no desktop. Also, trying to set up a printer is odd there is no normal set up feature. Apparently you need to have a printer that is google ready. While I have my other laptops printing on our home network, I have just stopped trying with this one at this point d/t frustration.There is a webcam, but google operating system does not work with Skype so forget that feature on this laptop. Oh, and if you have Netflix, forget that on this computer because it does not allow Netflix. Hmm, what else have I encountered in the week since purchased this? Oh, webpages load literally at the speed of dial up. No it is not because I have a hundred pages open. I open one tab and try to go to yahoo.com and feel like the old days of waiting 30 seconds for the modem to load. Only thing missing is the whining sound of dial up while waiting.These things aside I am hoping this machine figures itself out with updates so it can be the nice little laptop we are hoping it to be.
computer|Perhaps my expectations were too high, but I am incredibly disappointed in my chromebook. I bought it as a writing platform - thinking that surely, nothing could possibly be less stressful on a computer than word processing.But I was very wrong - after fighting for an hour to get my 100k word novel to load into the browser properly, I found the editing to be laggy, frustrating and error prone. Basically, impossible to get into the "groove" of writing - every word, every edit has to be double-checked, because of the lack of responsiveness between the app and the keyboard.This is not a device for professional work of any kind. This is a child's toy. As a child's toy, I would give it 3 1/2 stars. But that's not what I bought it for. Again, perhaps my expectations were too high, but it's not like Google advertised the Chromebook as a toy. So I think my disappointment is justified.
computer|I was very excited to get my new chromebook. It seemed like an amazing deal for a great device, but I guess you get what you pay for. After less than a week of owning the new chromebook 3G I have a device that will not boot. After talking to Samsung support they told me to send it in for service which will take at least 2 weeks to turn around. What a piece of junk. I don't know if I got a lemon, or if this is a larger issue with the product, but if you sell a product that is clearly defective you should replace it immediately.
computer|I really wanted to love this Chromebook, but it let me down! The minute I read about this new device,I pre-ordered one for myself and one as a gift. I wanted a extra device to supplement my desk computer and replace an aging (but still good) Samsung netbook.All the reviews are correct that all you have to do is take it out of the box and it is ready to go. The keyboard is great, the startup speed is instantaneous and it is easy to use. Battery life is great too.My problem is that it is really slow is opening up web pages! And I continually got an error message that it couldn't open the web page I wanted and I needed to reload the page. I was only keeping one tab open at a time, but it couldn't keep up! I had to go back to the home (Google search) page to move to another web page. I was only able to move from one website to another without an error about half the time! And even then, it could take a minute or more to open! It had frequent trouble opening the Amazon site.I tested out the computer for a day and a half using the five websites that I use the most and was so disappointed!I have been using Google Chrome as my browser on my other computers for about 2 years and love it, so I thought a computer made to use Chrome would be the answer to my prayers! Alas, my search will continue and both Chromebooks are being returned.
computer|I bought this mainly to try out. For the price it's pretty hard to complain but if I had to do it over again I wouldn't. I thought with everything that Google offers for productivity it would be fine to use for work, but man was I wrong. The first thing that sucked was to find out that it doesn't support Android apps which in my mind is ridiculous, since its all Google, so your limited to what is offered strictly for the chrome browser. That is my main complaint. I have a tablet and phone that both run android and there really isn't anything that syncs them other than Google drive which doesn't work the way I was hoping. I really wanted Google Drive to be my go-to cloud storage since they give you 100GB when you purchase the Chromebook but it really doesn't compare to Dropbox which is what I am still using because it just works. As far as the machine goes it seems well built and pretty speedy. Like other reviewers have mentioned the keyboard is pretty fantastic. If your looking to do any kind of productivity outside of Google Docs than don't bother with this. If they were to let you run android apps on this machine it would be by far the best thing out there for the price, but until then it will continue to fall extremely short for most users.
computer|Working on google chrome exclusively became a real pain and made it extremely limited in scope. I wish they made something in this size with Windows 8
computer|I need to actually return this item.. It doesn't have windows, it's not a computer it's like a smart phone.
computer|I HAD A HARD TIME TRYING TO GET IT TO OPERATE CORRECTLY. I FINALLY GAVE UP AND CALLED TECH. SUPPORT AND THEY HAD NO BETTER LUCK THAN I DID,
computer|IT IS A POOR QUALITY PRODUCT IT THE SCREEN SCATTERS FOR NO REASON I THINK YOU SHOULD LOOK INTO PEOPLE WHO BROUGHT IT I AM SURE THERE ARE DISSATISFIED
computer|This was not a satisfactory product. Well, the product itself may have been alright, for someone very into social networking and gaming. But the advertising for it was atrocious! It was not clear on very key programing and hardware, or should I say the lack thereof.
computer|I thought this would be an awesome thing to have by reading the reviews. I got it and i was satisfied but it isnt what i expected.
computer|Hello, I am considering buying this product, but before I make the leap, can someone tell me if it comes with a CD/DVD drive?
computer|If all you need a computer for is fun things, this is for you. It reminds me of &#34;going across the street by way of China&#34;.
computer|If all you want is to surf the web, this is a great, cheap way to accomplish that. If you want to do anything else on this &#34;laptop&#34; look for something different.
computer|Had to return two different chromebooks for shutting off and freezing up. Both units had the same problem. No exchange this time, refund only. I would advise against buying a chrome book. Amazon was great in handling the exchange and recent refund.
computer|I purchased 2 of these but returned them because you can go on itunes or go to certain sites. They were the perfect size but did'nt like
computer|I wanted to like this netbook but Chrome OS is awful!! I tried downloading the MusicManager and couldn't - it took about 10 minutes of hunting on my desktop computer to find out why and I found out this version of the Chromebook doesn't support one its own apps! I couldn't find any app comparable to Windows Media Player, it won't let you download Itunes, and I couldn't figure out how I was supposed to download my music and listen to it. The apps were streaming music apps like Slacker, etc. I'm pretty computer literate and it gave me a major headache trying to figure this thing out. Save your money and buy a Windows based netbook even if you don't like Windows 8 (does anybody?!) - this one isn't worth the money. Windows 8 will offer the option of working on a regular desktop which is easier to get around.
computer|I bought this computer to write on. I do a lot of writing with many excursions to the web to look up things, do research and find references. However Google docs does not work right and if you try to change the view size the curser becomes unstable and does not align with where you are typing. And changing back the origional size does not help. Once it becomes unstable it stays that way. The only way out is to convert it to a MSWord document and then reconvert it to Google doc. This is a well known problem that google has not addressed for years, but the short is that if you plan to do any word processing on the computer your better served buying something else. Since Google docs is the only word processing software that works on this computer, if you plan to use it for word processing think again. I found it borders on useless. For surfing the web it is fine, but if you intend serious writing work with Google docs forget it. I wish I'd gotten something else.
computer|I did thorough research on the Chromebooks and was very excited to get this 3G model to guarantee internet access when I wasn't connected to a wireless network, as all research pointed to limited functionality offline. I'm also a Google fanatic and really like their products.I returned this product for two reasons and WOULD NOT recommend this model to anyone because:1. I was consistently unable to connect to the 3G network. Out of 10 different locations, I only got a signal in 2 of them, and when I was able to connect the reception was so spotty that I often lost the emails or documents I was composing.2. The Chromebook is advertised to have some apps that work in offline mode. This is a farce. Even after installing the &#34;Gmail Offline&#34; and &#34;Google Drive Offline&#34; apps, both of these were completely unusable when I was not connected to internet.
computer|It froze up when we pluged it in. We turned it off and back on. it has not worked right since we got it. We call the company over a week ago and they tryed to help and then said the would send us a shipping lable to return it and we have not received a thing from them.
computer|I'd love to see more feature support such as simple mouse scrolling, PPTP (Point To Point Protocol) VPN (Virtual Private Network) support, and native RDP/RDC over NLA(Network Layer Authentication). This would allow me to VPN to work using PPTP then use Remote Desktop with NLA support to any of my servers and I could do the work I normally need to do.Currently as of 2012/11/19 I cannot use it for work due the missing features mentioned above and that makes me sad - it's great for everything else and I'd love to see it great for work as well.
computer|At first I loved it, it was working great. Then next thing you know the screen was pink you could hardly see it. I don't know what happened so know I gotta see what's wrong with it & if I can send to some one who can fix it. It must of been that I didn't put an anti virus on it before hand.
computer|Neat little device but it's really only a Chrome tablet with a keyboard / biggest problem is you can't load any windows based software on it, and that's why I'm returning it.
computer|I wanted a tiny laptop on which I could store my pictures and surf the internet. This seemed perfect to suit my needs. Ha. Just the file storage alone on this laptop is enough to make me want to throw it through a window every time I use it. I truly consider just eating the $250 I spent on this hunk of junk every time I open it and buying a real computer with a real operating system. Google is great for searching and email, but if you want to organize your files or shrink a file size or use your mouse (which regularly disappears and then forces me to restart the computer), spring for the $150 and get Windows or go all out and get a Mac. There's no easy way to find answers on this thing and I can't even use Rosetta Stone's online software because it regularly freezes on this computer (which it does not do on my husband's new laptop with a Windows OS).*Just another note* I got on here because now I've plugged in my iPod and it won't sync on this computer either. I read the comments and realize there are ways to get around and reasons why this thing is so cheap, but I believe this computer is the epitome of misleading advertising, and I'd like to help any future sucker avoid my predicament.
computer|Its pretty horrible then again I shouldn't have had high expectations probably going to give this to my grandparents , yeah people thats how old and worn out this computer is.
computer|While it sounded like a great idea when we bought it, the Chromebook is limited. First, several websites don't work properly with the google chrome web surfer. Second, no touchscreen. Didn't realize how accustomed I was to that! I think getting a new Windows 8 tablet-PC might have been a better idea. That said, for the price it works well, and allows us to get on the web w/o much effort.
computer|Pros:lightfastgood battery lifecharges quicklyboots up quicklygood integration with google toolsCons:no netflixno amazon instant videooverall poor compatibility with anything that is not a google productPretty disappointed with this thing, half of what people do online now is stream media and the crappy compatibility makes this a loser in that department. maybe they'll fix it in the future but for now go with something else..
computer|This computer cannot download pics. I cannot use Netflix on this computer and I returned it because it would not turn on. I only had the computer for two weeks.
computer|I purchased this chromebook for my husband for Christmas as he was in need of a new laptop. But we discovered it is not the same. I realized now I should have done a little more research. (My fault not Samsung).I chose this one because of price and size. My husband travels with his laptop and edits reports in Word format and this cbook won't do that.I had to return it :-(
computer|I bought this computer just for game playing. I guess I didn't do enough research because it doesn't support all programs.
computer|So, when I was shopping on Amazon, I had my heart set on finding a durable laptop to keep all my family photos and business worksheets on. Well, unfortunately, when I received my Chromebook I was disappointed to find it was not your average laptop. It was more of a netbook mainly for the by. It took me forever to figure out. When I finally did get the hang of it, my son dropped a half full bottle of water on it. It was closed sooo it didn't get wet. However when I opened the "laptop" the screen was completely ruined. the main thing that was disappointing to me was not knowing that it's purpose was mainly for the internet and that you cannot use it without a gmail account.
computer|This thing is only useful for people hooked up to the internet at all times, because this computer is internet based and is almost completely useless when offline. you can access google drive and select apps when offline but that's it. more than 90% of apps in the store though are just shortcuts to websites. It's also important to note that some apps will be laggy on this computer. it wont run as smoothly as most tablets out there.Speaking of tablets, I can do more on an Ipad than I can do on this thing. while its a neat device, this thing is a total disappointment. It looks like a macbook air but everything about it is extremely mediocre. the camera; while it has many impressive filters and effects, the camera itself is worse than most cell phone cameras i see today. it's laggy and not high quality in the slightest.If you were planning on downloading ANYTHING that isnt gifs or JPGs, forget it. you can also download Pdf files, but anything else will not download. movie makers, itunes, and skype are all out of the question completely. you can use this strange music site/app that is pre-installed but its very confusing to use, and you can not put music you've downloaded onto it.speaking of skype, I recently discovered a similar app called oovoo that is available. I downloaded it to use it on here, and the "app" takes me to a facebook page where i can use the ovoo app on facebook. this would be okay, but it asked me to download java, and like i said earlier, you can not download anything that isnt a picture or pdf file. frustrated, I ended up deleting that app along with other apps that dont work properly, e.g. netflix. I was so excited when i saw netflix as an available app on here. when I tried to use it, it told me that it didnt support Chrome OS. i looked up some forums and thats when I knew that many many other people were dealing with the same thing. If the app doesnt work to begin with, why the hell is it in the app store? I heard that it does work for SPECIFIC chromebooks. thats still BS in my book but whatever.now if the price wasnt so cheap i wouldve given this thing 1, maybe 2 stars. It does have a decent battery life (5 hours) an awesome keyboard (no caps lock button? seriously? did we really need to replace that?) and a flexible screenshot feature built in. given those pluses and a decent price point, I'd say it's worth it, but it's still veeerry mediocre. if you absolutely need a computer that you can do anything on, dont even consider this thing. if you want a casual facebook/youtube machine, this may be for you. Thanks for reading.
computer|After reading all the glowing reviews I ordered one as a backup to my laptop. It arrived today. I have to have 3G because there is no Wi-Fi within fifty miles. Oh boy, works right out of the box...yea if you can get past the opening. Which Wi-Fi are you using?. Uh, I'm using 3G.... no place for that on the opening page. Back to the instructions. Oh, I have to put a USIM card in the slot on the back. What USIM card? Nothing in the box but the notebook and cord. OK, I'll chat with Amazon. No go, they say politely I have to talk to Samsung so I start a chat with Samsung. Samsung is very sorry but they have nothing to do with the USIM card and I have to get hold of Verizon. On to Verizon, still keeping my cool. At Verizon I got a real person and a very nice woman who had never heard of the Chromebook. After much consultation with the others at work she said no one there had heard of any connection with Chromebook and she put me on hold and called Samsung which was closed. She even Googled the site to make sure it promised Verizon. She is calling me back as soon as Samsung is open. The experience was very positive but she did say I was the first to call. I asked her if I got a prize. Now I will wait to get the card and hopefully all the wonderful reviews on line will come true for me, sigh! Just be sure you have all your ducks in a row before you try to use 3G.
computer|cannot run java. full screen youtube lags. cannot network for printing. netbooks or laptops are a better choice. i returned it and spent another $100. i am much happier
computer|The chrome apps are too artificial though the product is artificial. So far chromebook is the only product I purchased from amazon I dislike.
computer|Piece of krapp. Hads to send it back.Simply didn't work for me. I have 12 machines. This is the worst I've ever came accross!
computer|Future of laptops? Hell no, if I wanted a piece of crap phone i would not have paid 250 bucks for a piece of crap laptop. You are a fool if you buy this thing for any reason.
computer|Its useless if not hooked up to the internet. I would not recommend this to anyone. The computer is a loser
computer|I never got this item. UPS does a really bad job I called them to ask them to hold my package in one of their facilities they say yes, when I went to pick it up, they had already delivered it at my house, and since I moved a few days ago I guess it got lost, please vendor get in touch with me I don't wanna lose my money. The laptop is great though I bought one about 2months ago. This was gonna be the second one.
computer|ive never bought this laptop, never will,and for you braineacts reading this fake reviw, ask yourself this..am i this dumb ? Yeap..your reading a confermd purchase review that never happeed...beats me how i can write it..im not a hacker..i do buy from here..just nothing major..cause if i can write fake reviews, u can to..dugh..
computer|But I can't get one. Tried to find an explanation for the shortage, can't seem to find one. Would buy if I could
computer|I have ordered/received this product and to be able to use you must be techie and figure out everything and not sure event that will work (I have no courage to try it). Everyone in my home said it's the dumbest computer product and return it. Goggle will never build a consumer friendly product and Google must understand it. I have been long critique of Google for this as this is not about code but need to understand universe. For example, they need to provide basic software thing that is easy to do..not everything on their own view. For example, pre-configured utility that user can used with in Chrome OS such as IE, Firefox, Safari compatibility. Plug-in needed for browsers at a click to use services. After all website/content/web-service provides not going to change overnight. I understand user in today's world need browser, storage and laptop style easy to carry device but it needs few additional dumb thing that Google can provide and that is not hard. I am sorry but I like to provide feedback and hope Google will understand how to win competition (not by monopoly but consumer friendliness) else will be out of market and will become a search engine history.
computer|I am a student and I love Google, but I just can't seem to appreciate the chromebook!Here's a quick run down from my perspective! It has an amazing battery life! I charge it at night and i'm good for the day! Excellent start-up time, and with it's excellent battery life I just close the chromebook and start where I left off... assuming there is wi-fi... Cloud computing is one of chromebook's main features, however... it's a laptop... you take it with you wherever you go... And once again having no internet connection limits what you can do.
computer|very un-user friendly, not capable of printing, many more things. Not convenient. Hardware design of unit is ok, no command keys, no left and right click on touchpadsoftware is bad
computer|The whole purpose was to get netflix on it for my kid. N it dsnt work :( !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!
computer|Right out of the box this item needs to detect a WiFi source to launch. This it failed to do. It was tested on in-service home networks (self, plus several neighbors), a local library and a Starbucks. Normally I would return and be done with such a product, but the form, styling and adequacy of function as described variously above, are sufficiently appealing to override that initial impulse, and I have opted for replacement. Let's just hope this occurrence has been an isolated event.-((So, coming from Windows, with R and L click buttons next to the touch-pad, I didn't fathom that the touch-pad itself has to be depressed to click, and that a click rather than a tap is required to drop the list of available networks on the start-up menu. Replacement cancelled, and after a couple of hours of use a preliminary review: Attractive design, optimum size and weight with quick start-up and browsing. It is completely satisfactory for surfing, email and videos. (Document composition and editing not tested). The body, whilst tight, might not feel quite as sturdy and unbreakable as one would wish, but if handled properly this should not be a problem. The screen is not the most advanced, but perfectly serviceable nonetheless.In summary, this notebook is very satisfactory as a secondary device to be toted about for basic web functions.))
computer|Buyer beware...if you like streaming netflix, don't buy the $249 chromebook.It doesn't work, and, even though they say "we're working on it", that's been the company line for at least a year now.
computer|I bought this for my wife as an easy alternative for video watching with some simple word documents and Skype calling with friends. I have been very disappointed that you can not use any word documents not from Google and that it will not support Skype. Their response is to use our products, but we already have everything set up in Skype and documents from previous computers and from work and don't particularly want to move everything to Google and tell all our friends to change too. Apple used to be bad like this, but they learned that they needed to play nicely! So we will just be using our Ipad for now and the Chromebook will be left only for internet browsing.The computer works great and is super for browsing the internet. The operating system is great too. Too bad it isn't more compatible to the modern open platform world
computer|I agree with recent reviews. The chromebook is NOT a laptop! It's not helpful, it doesn't connect to the internet, and it's just horrendous!!!
computer|Too good to be true? Yep. I did not buy this from Amazon; we got it from bestbuy.com. My husband used it for 3 weeks and opened it up Monday nite and the screen was cracked. Best Buy blew us off ("Take it up with Samsung"); all he did was close it and place it on the coffee table the nite before. My kid noticed after I took it to Best Buy that if you barely press the top lid, the screen flickers. I guess shutting the top of this laptop and moving it qualify for what Best Buy said was "too much pressure was applied to the top". WTF? Apparently the case is plastic, not metal; it is cheap and crappy and I am way pissed that we lost $250 on this.Edit on 9/28: Samsung was just as ugly as Best Buy. "Broken screen is 'physical damage', your fault". I am disgusted. This is a new product; they better be prepared for lots of people finding it flimsy, crappy, breaks at the drop of a hat, you name it. As I told the rep, well, if I drove a new car for 3 weeks and the windshield blew out, wouldn't that be defective? and of course she said "We are talking about a computer, not a car." Same thing, though, really. Crap computer.
computer|I've had this product for about a week now. I have no idea how this thing has gotten the mostly positive reviews that it's gotten on this site. I understand that it only costs 250, but the thing feels like a cheap toy. It's made of plastic, the screen is terrible and it slower that I thought it would be given the processor that is in it. Even surfing normal websites can bog the thing down. Watching videos/movies is not as smooth at it should be. The keyboard is not bad, but it looks to be made for hobbits...it's too small.Even though it only costs 249.00 I simply can not justify having this product. I'd be willing to spend a couple of hundred bucks more to get something that is quality. If I simply need to surf the web then I will use my smart phone and use my computer at home or at the office.
computer|This sort of machine is not a PC in the classic sense as it requires that you be tethered to the Internet and more specifically to Google's services. Storage is almost non-existent and the proposition of allowing corporations like Google (and others) to hold & collect your data is to me a disturbing trend. Convenience and low price always grabs the laymen and this is the growth vector for such products. To upgrade this machine to make it functionally autonomous is in my opinion cost prohibitive when considering other options. I strongly prefer to NOT have my data on distant servers managed by Google or anyone else for that matter; hence, I passed on this device. There are plenty of small, very inexpensive PC's available that offer fully autonomous configurations allowing you to choose how you mange your data and personal information.
computer|I was going to purchase this computer because on a lot of reviews people liked the keyboard, but because its not compatible to Microsoft Office and is missing Shift Keys, it is useless to meet personal needs.
computer|DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT. Chrome OS and the Chromebook itself is NOT a netbook. I opened the computer and could not access my home network because it is currently password-protected. When I tried to connect, the Chromebook automatically switched to the nearest network that I did not have access to. Called Samsung, the solution? Unlock your wifi connection so that you can access it. ... Along with Joe Sixpack and the Pedophiles that live down the street. NO THANK YOU. If I spent my entire life in a coffee shop with open wifi this product might have some use.You see the price for this machine and must ask, is it too good to be true? IT IS. The chromebook is GARBAGE. The other reviews raves about how the keyboard is AMAZING and how fast it boots up. BOTH TRUE STATEMENTS. Though do not redeem the absolute uselessness of this product. Save your money.I opened my Chromebook at 3:40pm. I have begun the return process nearly one hour later. This includes the time I fought with Samsung over the phone. Save yourself and run.
computer|Really Google? You can't just put one damn USB on this thing? sleek performance but my daughter said she wishes she could put her photos on it. But still a great value and solid state means super fast boots.
computer|This product is nothing more than a web browser and is essentially a waste of money. Please do not buy it because the reseller will charge you a minimum of a 25% restocking fee even if you did not open the box. The reseller ARCHBIZ is the worst company I have ever dealt with and has the most horrific customer service I have ever experienced.ArchBiz is a company that apparently makes its money from trying to sell products that are wrongly advertised and then charging the customers a bogus and outlandish restocking/refund fee.I would recommend staying as far away as you can from both this product and from ArchBiz unless you want to give away your hard earned money.
computer|I missed the window of getting this item back due to the flu.I find it very user Un-friendly!Absolutely the WORST buyers remorse i've ever experienced!
computer|i though it would be better but at the end decided to return it bcz if ur not on line for internet or wifi it wont work incase u desire to show it to someone..
computer|At 250 bucks, one can get a much better laptop. This chrome book is for some one who only watch Youtube and read and send emails, it can do nothing else. Video quality is very poor, HDMI only work for a few old Tv's sets. Mine will be returned quickly, I have no time to waste for this junk.
computer|Honestly, there's quite allot to say about this gem:1. First, it's very lightweight - and has the &#34;feel&#34; of an Apple Macbook Air.2. Keyboard is very nice - no problems!Now the bad stuff:1. The screen brightness is medium [not BRIGHT].2. There's no way to save files.3. Important plug-ins, like JAVA, are unavailable.4. You can only use Google Apps, and use HTML5-based programs.All in all - I found this similar to an Apple iPad, but - with a nice keyboard. But, an iPad has a much better resolution, much more brightness - and THOUSANDS OF MORE USEFUL PROGRAMS.I think Google's concept is good, but - they have a long way to go before this comes close to what an iPad will do.
computer|I bought two bwcause the price and Samsung reputation were both good. However I have had nothing but problems with them and have returned three already. Now the first one I bought is acting up and of course the warranty expired February 29. The problem is alwasys the same the screen becomes fouled up and loses its color. I thought I had purchased a warranty with this item but apparently not since it does not show up on the history file. So much for Google and Samsung as they are awful. Definitely a DO NOT BUY.PSI have had three returned since January.
computer|I love big G I own a Nexus 4 always used them but this chrome book... basically you cannot even install products that I can install in any of my android devices.Its 2013 and I cannot even install Skype on my computer?????ARE YOU SERIOUS??????
computer|Everything you use has to be Google. If it isn't Google, then it will require an extension if you have one. I appreciated the size and cost but the features not so much.
computer|You can bet I will never buy another Samsung Chromebook again.After using this product for 5 days, I accidentally grabbed thecomputer screen with my thumb and it cracked the screen. I had thegeek squad at Best Buy send it out to get it repair. After 7 days Ireceived a call back and was told it was not worth fixing. it wouldcost me more to fix it, then what I paid for it. A waste of money!Looking to buying a Sony or Dell computer instead!
computer|i received this google chrome book at first it seemed to be ok it starts messing up witin the first three weeks try to work with samsung and their customer service is terrible they will not replace the unit they want me to sent it in for repair wich will take up to two weeks the issues with the unit are having a large line through the screen and hdmi output quit working wish i would have got an hp laptop dont buy samsung products as they do not care about their customers
computer|Its ok, its a chromebook after all. I did like the fact that all the spyware & malware comes pre-loaded in my chromebook.
computer|So I went to the store to try out this machine and the ACER one. Lucky for me, both of them were on display side by side.Price didn't matter to me, so I had both of them on hold.Right off the bat, the battery life on Acer is pretty weak. 3 hrs vs 6 hrs on the Samsung one.But other than that, the ACER beats the Samsung one in my book. Please, go to the store and test them out yourself. The sound volume in both is identical, the weight is just a few ounces more, barely notice any difference, but the screen on the Acer is what sold me. Clear, Vivid colors, as compared to the Samsung one that has washed out, pale colors.With the best buy associate, we played the same video on both and the clarity on the Acer blew the Samsung away. And the Acer looks so much better than the Samsung one. Not cheap looking AT ALL! Au contraire, I like the look of it way better; and I'm one of those gals that's into fashion, and beautiful items. I dress men as well as I dress women. And I have no problem shelling out the money for something that's worth it for me. I mean I first bought the Asus Transformer Prime ($600) when it came out, tried the IPAD, the Touchpad, etc, then realized that tablets are not for me.I mean if they're supposed to be smaller, lighter versions of laptops, then they should do everything that laptops do, at least internet wise. But they don't. Skimmed web pages, extra bucks for extra keyboard and mouse, some websites not working properly on those OS, etc.So I figured; everywhere now you can find a power outlet. Even in bathrooms. So what the heck? Most movies I watch are not that long, and I never surf the net for 3 hours straight. So my Acer C7 has been staying charged for 3 days easily. Close the lid, and it goes to power saving mode automatically. Come back, and it starts right where you left off.And at $200 at BB, SOLD!If I had just gone by the pseudo "expert" reviews online, I would have gotten the Samsung on Ebay for over $300.Yesterday, I downloaded Ubuntu on my Acer C7, and lord it even got better! Now I have Bluetooth, and the sound has gone up twice as high as just using the Chrome OS. Unbelievable!I have office suites already there, can work on pictures, download and watch videos, music, and download Linux compatible programs; And I can switch from Ubuntu to Chrome OS within 2 mins, without having to "root" or break my warranty. But why would I switch back to Chrome OS? I can use the Chrome browser within Ubuntu. I lost no speed, no battery power, NOTHING.I have to talk about the sound again, because I almost got speakers for this thing. After I installed Ubuntu on it, I was blown away.So go on youtube, there's a simple step by step guide to download Ubuntu. The whole thing took less than an hour and was simple and straightforward.PS: The Acer C7 is also 40% faster than the Samsung one, in all tests around the net. You can also increase the Ram on this one, not on the Samsung.I hope this helps in your decision making. As it is now, the only advantage the Samsung has on my Acer C7 is that it's half a pound lighter. Pfff.UPDATE for Mike et al comments...Mike, I totally disagree with you. In all benchmark tests on the web between these two, the Acer comes out on top. Their keyboards and trackpad are identical, with the Acer one even having a CapsLock key, etc. I used both of them before buying. At 50 bucks more MSRP, Samsung is just selling their brand name, not the quality. If it was that high end, it would be way more expansive than the recommended $250. I did a comparison for buyers. One that I would have liked to see when I was looking to buy. If it doesn't help you, fine. But it would help others. And like I suggested, let them go to the store and compare. There is a best Buy in almost every city.The Samsung is only faster than the Acer at starting up. Less than 10 seconds difference. But at doing anything else, the Acer comes on top.This isn't even about the Chrome OS. I don't know why u go in length with it. It's a good OS. I'm just letting people know that if they want a more desktop experience every once in a while, they have that option with Acer C7 by using Ubuntu.And you mention the "heat" that Acer might incur because of the drive; ummm, for a machine that does most everything online and things on the cloud, I don't see how much heat it'll generate. I haven't noticed any.Bottom line is, Acer loaded the pages faster, the screen was clearer, and the OS is the same for both - frequently upgraded, etc. I can't justify spending $300+ on a Samsung when I can buy something better at $200 in store.Doug, your comment is ridiculous. People that spent their time comparing the first I-phone to the first Droid had every right to do so. Or comparing the new I-phone to the new Galaxy Ss. Did you see Samsung commercials for the Galaxy S3? I thought they were superb at Knocking down the Iphone.Since people are comparing those two all over the internet, I'm not doing anything different.Btw this is nothing against Samsung. I own their Galaxy S2 (I paid $369 for it with Virgin Mobile- yea I hate been locked down on stupid contracts) and their bluetooth headset. They make great products. So I'm not comparing companies, but 2 products here.
computer|Quality of this product is good, but it is limited to just the internet and what apps are in the Chrome Google store. This is not compatiable with most Window programs and the vast majority of software games, apps, programs need Windows to run. So my kids can't play their favorite games on this Google Chrome product. My child wants to exchange it for a normal windows lap top or iPad.
computer|Not happy with it at all.I can't sit it in my lap and actually see the words. Have to lift it up higher to work on it.
computer|I used Samsung 303C12 about four times since I bought it, the device is no longer booting, now all I get is a black screen. I was undecided for long time to move to the Apple. Thanks to Samsung and Google, for your help. Good advice does not come cheap, it was just/only $240.00. Thanks again.
computer|I bought this chromebook 2 weeks ago for myself for christmas and the screen cracked. Best buy would not return. I am a granmother who does not abuse my computer yet have to bite the bullet and take a 250 dollar hit on my purchase. was working ok initially only use it basically to surf the web and pay bills. No one at best buy would help resolve this matter I might add. Poor customer service and I feel cheated out of a xmas gift. Intend to call samsung and see if anyone there cares about their products cause best buy doesn't. Spend a little more and get a better made netbook or laptop or ipad. Don't waste your money sorry I chose this one.
computer|WIFI did not work. Side by side with a three year old pc laptop - wireless speed on Chromebook was 2.85 mbps, Lenovo netbook was 21.5 mbps. Wired Macbook was 34 mbps. Would love to keep it but it is unusable at this speed. Traded a couple emails with a Google &#34;ninja&#34; but they were unresponsive/useless. Shame, could be a great little unit.
computer|The misleading advertising on the Chromebook led me to believe that Netflix would work. I does not. Buy a laptop.
computer|I felt obligated to write this review of the Chromebook. When one thinks of google, generally you think of open-source software and OS's which will allow as much customization the user wants. This is opposed to the Apple model, which forces the user into a very specific set of programs and applications.I am sorry to report that this device is nothing more than a Google attempt to replicate that Apple model. I was shocked to find I could not use Firefox on this unit. Chrome is a great program, but it lacks some features which I consider totally necessary for safe browsing: NoScript. Say what you will about the differences between these two browsers, I still want the choice between them.If you are looking for an open Netbook experience, STAY FAR AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT. You will be very disappointed with the lack of freedom, the lack of offline features and many other things. This product is a major downgrade from any netbook, even older ones. I am returning mine and will be purchasing a netbook instead. I want to be able to use my device as I see fit, not according to some corporate policies of what programs I can and cannot use. Highly disappointed in the product and will be happy to get rid of this deceptive junk.
computer|The idea of a Google powered computer is great. What they fail to describe is that the google operating system is not supported by many websites. Essentially the computer is useless, unless the websites your using are google app/extensions. I am a student and am not able to do my homework because non of the education sites I use are supported by google's operating system. I love the idea and the components as far as battery life. But this computer was a waste of money to help me with my education needs. I am upset that I the description and a few reviews, but most said you can buy software to support windows sites/applications. Well, most of those software programs also have to install on a windows OS not a Google OS....Thanks for the thought of change, but everyone else needs to catch up.I have also called the website and creator for my school sites, and they have many who have the same complaint with the Chromebook, but still do not change their website.
computer|It was Christmas time when I purchased this Chromebook. They were all sold out everywhere except the a few higher models. When I purchased this Chromebook I thought that I was getring a higher model and it turns out that it was the lowest model at about $100 more. This was my fault I guess I should have looked a little closer at the model numbers which I thought I did but needless to say it was not what I thought I was getting. The delivery was fast and at my house before the range of delivery.
computer|I chose this rating because of deception on the sellers part.This was advertised on all other outlets as 2 year connection to verizon included.This ain't happening I admit this is a very sly way to get you to buy something that is worthless to use.
computer|I tried buying this for my elderly mom but she couldn't use it. There are some things about the interface such as the font size of menus and the scroll bar, that simply can't be tailored. So I ended up using it but several times a day I get so frustrated with it I want to toss it in the garbage. My problem is I'm a very fast typist but I'm not the most disciplined. That is just the way I like to work, I'm hyper and I like the energy of typing fast even if I have to redo 5% of the letters. The problem is I also regularly hit random keystroke combinations with the alt or cntl key that end up doing unpredictable things like go back to the previous page, view the history, launch a search, etc. On all my other browsers, Internet Explorer, Safari, and Firefox, its easy to set a few parameters and turn off these accellerator features. But for some reason Chrome doesn't allow that. Also, compared to Apple customer support and reception to feedback I've found the Google Chrome people to be rude, arrogant, and unconcerned about their users.
computer|I got this computer thinking that it would be fast, good for writing, and for having photos. Its not. I cant upload my photos onto it, it doesn't move any faster than my old computer, it doesn't have spell check (so I have to go back and fix each misspelling one by one and it takes forever because sometimes the mouse only highlights the word instead of fixing it) and it saves after every single word you make, which would be a good thing except when you do something you wish you hadn't its already been saved and you cant get it back. For example if I wrote "and then the dog went outside" but decided I wanted to use another sentence, so I backspaced but went back a little to far and erased lets say three sentences, I couldn't just undo and get them back. I would have to re write them all over memory (yes that has happened to me with this computer, twice! one time it just deleted my whole essay! I had to rewrite the whole thing from memory!) Also this stupid thing wont let you do anything! Every time I try to do something on here it says "This file is not supported. Please visit the Chrome Web Store to find an app that can support this." BUT YOU CAN NEVER FIND ONE!!! I spent an hour trying to find an app that would let me view my photos and still couldn't find any. This computer is a waste of your money DO NOT BUY IT!The only thing I have found the slightest bit useful is that the keyboard is easy to type on and you can access your email very easily. But its still a horrible purchase.
computer|The Samsung Chromebook is little more than a $250 wi-fi platform. Yes, the keyboard is nice, display crisp and battery strong, but you can't even use Google Earth, let alone any windows-based programs, including word processing. Heck, there isn't even a delete key (unless I haven't found it yet). The two-finger drag on the pad is helpful. Besides that, save your money for awhile and get a real laptop.
computer|I am giving this one star because they are making it incredibly difficult to install SKYPE in favor of their own products. Guys, this is NOT the way to do business
computer|Shipped promptly and well packed. Informative book. There is however a later version by a different author that I wish I had spotted before buying this one. &lt; This was my book review which was meant to be just that. Since this will show as an edit of the book review, I'll have to that I give the computer _3 Stars_. Amazon seems to have credited my book review as being for the computer. They show them together under with only one reference. Perhaps because both were ordered together. Anyway first the pros. Well made, and feels sturdy. No more worried about dropping than about my MacBook. The wireless connects great wherever I am. State and city library, Starbucks, Target etc, no problems. A pleasure to carry, much better that my Apple laptop, light. No problem with doing my email, banking paying bills, general search etc. Cons: The OS is touted as being very fast. It is not. I image the lower grade processor is to blame for this. Even though it recognizes flash drives and strangely a external hard drive which I use for backup storage; it will not backup to them. However it will with no problem at all copy the same file to Google Docs in the Cloud.Also will not backup video clips. I'm speaking of MP4 which it is supposed to handle.On both to an external device, it says that more "permissions" are needed. Video clips are a BIG thing with me. There absence may mean a return of this item. Since the system has been around since sometime in 2011 (?), these issues should have been solved a long time ago. Even staying in a browser, the Chrome desktop could have been made a whole bunch simpler with a _finder type of page, like on the Apple OX series of OS. Everything there in one place without so much jumping around. Summation: Even being as small a OS as it is, it could still be Simpler. Unless the download issues are solved I feel I may return it. I have until Feb. 28 to do so. A change either way, I'll be back with an update. March 1, 2013 UPDATE (last one) Well I am going to keep it. I have not been able to resolve the issues I have with it. Keeping in the hope that I can pull it out in a month and find that some problem solving updates have posted. What I am going to do in the meantime is try to find the money for a new Mac Air. The Chromebook I probably will get rid of down the road. I have the feeling that this for Google is going to be a when we get to it, we'll fix this or that. It'll always be a low priority. I hope I'm not coming across as a grouch, but I hoped for more.
computer|A problem with WEP router incryption has rendered my new Chromebook almost useless.Although I am greatful for the Chrome software as well as Google Drive and Google Docs allowing me drop Microsoft Office completely, I have had to use them from my old windows laptop, as my new Chromebook is completely unreliable. After an hour or too of happy, zippy, carefree use, on any given day, and almost anywhere, it will start having problems loading websites.The Chromebook Groups and support personel say if you can change the security on your router, the situation improvesAs I am not able to change the security on my family or work router, or at the local coffee shop or McDonalds, I have not been able to check their recommendationThey also suggest disabling the DNS Pre-fetchif you know what that is, you may be able to take advantage of their adviceI don'tI would recommend waiting until they work out this problem
computer|Little dissappointed in the Chromebook, but I think my expectations were a little high. The only real problem I had was in getting it. Had been waiting for one since before Christmas. When it finally came in it was sent to incorrect Zip Code, then the problems really started. Had to wait another 3 weeks to get one, but then that was sent ahead of projected delivery date. Good news finally received it. Although when Fed EX delivered it, they just left is outside by my front door. Didin't even ring the doorbell. I was on line checking my emails, and got message it had been delivered 2 hours earlier. Whut!!!!!!!!!!!! Need to get Java for Google, any help would be greatly appreciated.
computer|No. I didn't like it at all. You only get Chrome, and you have to work everything around it. Even if you are thinking on buying it as a second computer for you or your home, please don't. For the same price there are a lot of machines out there that are "complete computers". The online storage, or the included Verizon service is not worth it. No Skype, and no Netflix...
computer|WHERE'S THE APPS??????an updated reviw: Ive had this 3rd generation samsung chromebook for about a month now, and Im still waiting for more app compatibility. A mostly appless product that can do nothing but search the web is not worth $250. All Im really doing is making Google $$$ because they're data mining me every time I go online.2/15/13: Downloaded a 400MB true blood episode today to watch on chromebook while i used my other computer to edit the cover of my novel. The video kept freezing every few seconds. Im about to transfer the show over to my kindle tablet and watch it from there.Visited the Google app store again with fingers crossed, but the selections are still as paltry as ever. Yes, the store has tons of apps, but you cant use most of them on the latest samsung chromebook.Dropped the rating back down to one star.I think my problems with the chromebook stems mostly from the false reviews i read online before buying it... Many reviewers claimed that you could do so much with the chromebook because of the profusion of apps to choose from but this is not true. (James Kendrick at zdnet dot com is very good at telling these untruths) It's not Googles fault, its the fault of these tech reviewers who obviously only used the chromebook for a few minutes and tthen made a bunch of false claims.Im not saying that the chromebook is a piece of trash. What i am saying is that it is nowhere near as great as the claims made by reviewers in the blogosphere. I still cant believe one reviewer said you could play the Tomb Raider app on this. what liars. Kelly Schwarze at geeksugar dot com claims you can watch netflix with a chromebook. Yet another lie. There is just so much misinformation out there. AND wtf happened to libreoffice? It was the best alternative to googledocs but now it's no longer available for download. Tell me, why must google purposely make itself so incompatible with everything else?If you want a paltry selection of apps and bare bones websurfing then the chromebook is for you.NETFLIX AND PRINTINGUpdate 3/22: Netflix is finally available on Samsung Chrombooks! Yay! (It's about time!!!) Watched a Korean film last night on Netflix via my Chromebook, so I was happy about that. Logged in to Amazon today to update my review and give my rating an extra star, but... I just found out that I cannot print to my regular, non-wireless printer directly from my Chromebook :( Can't win for losing. Apparently, I have to upload my documents from my chromebook to google drive and then print it from my Windows based Dell computer to my regular HP printer. Seems like Chromebook's OS isn't compatible with non-wireless printers. Meanwhile, reviews are still claiming that the Google Crapbook is "so convenient and easy to use!":/I'm about ready to shotgun this thing and bury it in my backyard. Give it a year or two and then maybe we'll have a decent device, though by then Google will probably be focusing on the next generation of Chromebooks. Meanwhile, we're the guniea pigs stuck with an underbaked computer still in beta testing.The one thing that IS good about the Chromebook is its long battery life (but that's really no surprise because the only thing it's powering is an internet based OS)What's funny is that when i read the Chromebook reviews here on Amazon, there's hardly any complaints. A cursory look at the review page would give a potential buyer the impression that the Chromebook is near perfect. Hmmm...
computer|My product should definitely not have fallen under the "Like new" classification as it is covered in scratches. Also my cr48 could run netflix why can't this? I pretty bought it just for that and a few other things. Super disappointed and highly mislead. BUYER BEWARE
computer|Great price point at $250 with free shipping from Amazon. Google Chrome OS is a mystery to me and wondering how productive and interactive it is with Windows or Mac (or Android or iOS). Thing that stands out most to me though is how once again Samesung copied Apple's design with yet another product. Are they even capable of making anything original? Just like the iPhone and then the Samesung phones after 2007, you'll have to look twice to not see it as a MacBook Air on first glance. The multi-touch glass trackpad and black keyboard in particular.
computer|I bought this for my teenager. Looking at it now it seems like it is a computer with permanent training wheels. U can surf the web but that is about it. It has virus protection built in so that is a plus. I will need to buy another computer in a year that offers more. Good for 12yrs & younger. Good gift but not what i expected.
computer|I received a Samsung Chromebook for Christmas, and that is all it is. 99% of plug and play, printers, external DVD/CD writers, and software are either Windows, Mac, nothing in Chrome. I have tried to install cloud ready printers, it will not accept. Tried USB printers with their own install CD, will not accept. If one has programs/files and desire these programs/files to be printed for information needed thereon you will be out of luck. In my opinion a cheap cell phone can perform better than the Chromebook. I also contacted Samsung technical service concerning the above mentioned problems and was told that it is a Chromebook and that nothing was available for the Chromebook except what is available at the Chrome apt store and in searching the store it would end up costing one an arm & leg. I talked to the relative who purchased the Chromebook and stated that I felt bad, and felt that the money spent for the Chromebook was lost money.Samsung Chromebook (Wi-Fi, 11.6-Inch)
computer|This was the most worthless piece of electronics ever put on the market. It was supposed to be a birthday "surprise"...and yes, it was! Eleven hours after trying to set up this product with the assistance of others, we eventually decided to ship it back to Amazon the following day. It was extremely difficult to set up with no guidance, two pages of directions worth very little guidance. In the meantime, my regular computer has been out of commission for three days due to the "suggested" directions. Nice birthday present...NOT! Never again, Chromebook (& none of my friends have ever heard of you!!).
computer|I said: this is the best idea, Google is smart. Now, that I bought one, I can say it is only a piece of useless electronic. however, it may be useful for the age range between 5-10 and no more. I really feel like Imprisoned, limited and right now, I have trouble breathing! Oh dear, I am going to return this. maybe 10 years from now you can do this it didn't work well Google my friend!have a good oen!
computer|I just found out today, after lots of wasted time fiddling with it, that my Chromebook will not connect to my personal hot spot via my iPhone, and I am extremely annoyed! There was no mention of this anywhere when I was reading up on the product before purchase. I just found today, among the fine print of the help menu, that mobile networking is "not supported." This is ridiculous, since I primarily bought this small, lightweight, supposedly versatile netbook for when I am "on the go." Save your money and buy an iPad instead. My sister was using my personal hotspot with her iPad, NO PROBLEM!!!Update on 4/9/13: I just changed my rating to 4 stars because I tried using my personal hotspot again when I was on a trip last week, and I'm happy to say that this time it worked!! I found I had to do the following to get it to connect: open the "settings" on my iPhone, and go to the page that has the personal hotspot password. I left that screen open on my phone and put it down near my chromebook. Then I clicked on the wifi icon on the lower right hand of my chromebook screen, then had it search for available wifi networks. After a few moments it would find my iPhone and, after entering the password the first time, reconnect automatically after that. I found that it almost always lost the connection after "sleeping." I'm not sure why I had to manually reconnect, but I'm just grateful that I was able to, and that I didn't have to reenter the password each time.So now I like my Chromebook much better!! It still feels a little plastic-y and cheap, but it certainly fills the bill when I am traveling and need access to online files and sites.
computer|We absolutely loved the computer until the screen cracked 11 days after opening it. It was not dropped or mishandled. It in fact, was babied. We have no idea why. We use this computer for work and now have to wait almost a month to have it replaced. SO DISAPPOINTED. I guess you get what you pay for and they couldn't afford to make them with durable screens.
computer|I have been using the Chromebook for less than two months now and while it is small and lite, convient for checking e-mail the touch pad is a pain at times!!! Very often when I am WEB surfing the web sites will not allow access because they requireJava or some other ability that should already be in the Chrome software. The sites I am refering to I have no problem viewing with my Windows Desktop computer!!! (I am talking about computer producers and software Co. I should have been able to access those web sites without having to add on software to the chrombook!) Also computer should have had Kindel e-book software pre-loaded including Audio-book ability!!! I have decided to keep the Chromebook for checing e-mail if nothing else and I am hopeful that my Tech support will be able to help with software to improve its web access and e-book ability!!!
computer|good product if all you want to do is check email and do a little surfingMore than that it tis not the unitCAN NOT DOWLOAD MOVIESNetflix does now work on this unitWILL NOT OPEN MANY ATTATCHMENTS WITHOUT CONVERTINGA HOLE NEW LEARNING CURVE
computer|Amazon says:Stay connected in-flightWith your Chromebook, you can get online at 10,000 feet with free Gogo in-air internet passes. Your Chromebook comes with 12 free passes (estimated $150 value) that you can use over 2 years on domestic US flights.Mine did not include any Gogo passes!OK - so a week has gone by since I wrote that. I am presently on another Gogo equipped flight and my Chromebook had no problem connecting to Gogo. Gogo said I had 12 free passes and I'm presently using the first of them. Very cool!! Maybe my problem was the first time I tried it was the day that I got the Chromebook - perhaps it takes a few days for the passes to become effective. Whatever, I really like the computer and would recommend it to anyone!
computer|They say the best camera you own is the one you carry. If this were true for computers as well, this would be a winner.(+) Fits in my messenger bag designed to hold only an iPad.(+) Ridiculously light for something with ~6 hours of battery life.(+) Cheaper than most tablets and ultrabooks.(+) Quiet (except for the keyboard)(+) Extremely fast bootup and shutdown times.The problem is that outside of size and battery life, you have to make compromises in every single arena.(-) Poor build quality, cheap plastic feeling case that actually flexes if you squeeze it with your thumbs.(-) Cheap chiclet keyboard that actually squeaks -- my backspace key does every time it is depressed.(-) Jerky single-button touch pad.(-) The worst LCD screen I've ever used, with an extremely limited vertical viewing angle -- off 15 degrees and it's a mess.(-) Speakers so weak that turning on the kitchen faucet drowns them out, even on max volume.(-) No Evernote, no Skype, no Microsoft Office, no real work possible.(-) A long, thin, unprotected power plug only a few millimeters wide that can easily be damaged.I'm trying to wrap my head around the ideal demographic for this device and can only come up with:- Computer illiterate people who need to surf the Internet or check their email a few times a month.- Tweens and other children who need a cheap, restricted Internet device.- Professionals who need Google Docs thin clients.- Students and other people who spend a lot of time writing documents while on the go.The only thing this Chromebook has over an equivalently priced Android tablet is a mediocre keyboard. The only thing this Chromebook has over a somewhat equivalent Windows ultrabook is price. There is such a shortage of good Chrome apps that it makes the Windows 8 app store look like a treasure trove. If you really need a keyboard, you would do better purchasing something like an ASUS Transformer Pad, which costs ~$100 more, but has twice the battery life and is better in every single aspect except bootup and shutdown times.What will make the Chromebook worthwhile? If it can get Skype, Evernote, and other productivity apps onboard so the Chromebook can be used for something other than just web browsing. Otherwise there's no reason to buy this over, say, any dual core $200 Android tablet. The only reason I'm keeping this is that I do spend time typing on the go. I will more than likely give this up when the Microsoft Surface Pro is released. Yes, it costs a lot more, but it's also a lot more than just a web browser with a keyboard.Make no mistake: the Chromebook seems like a steal if you compare it to an ultrabook, but this is no ultrabook by any means. It is only an ultrabook in form, not function.
computer|Samsung has taken a step down with this form factor. The device is constructed of plastic that doesn't remain in shape around the screen. I'm hoping that being very careful with it will keep it intact for a couple years.My rating doesn't reflect Google's features, since they're not what differentiates this product from the other (few) Chromebooks on the market. Google needs to work on making off-line Drive and Gmail work better. That's not easy, but I wish 'em luck.I would buy a third one of these (got two) if someone needed it. The price is fair. Just treat it gently.
computer|The chrome book is small and light so you can take anywhere but it doesn't have much to offer. I'm a student and I need Microsoft office and this laptop can't do that for me. If you're a student and looking to use this for school don't bother wasting your time.
computer|Not sure why people will pay an $80 markup for this computer here. This is the Wi-Fi only model. Don't get ripped off. Staples has the WiFi + 3G version for the same price. Don't buy from this seller unless you enjoy being ripped off for less.
computer|I know this is supposed to be a web browser, but it also says you can play video and supports 3.0 connections along with an HDMI cord....so, I was hoping streaming a video would be nice an easy...unfortunately, most of my videos and movies are in AVI, or .wmv....not supported formats...so now i have to either spend time converting the files, not use the chromebook to play videos, or move on.I'd also like to say I don't understand why there's an option for a headset/skype, but no audio in port to speak with through a headset.It's also very slow....1) It takes around a minute to login....(not what I expected)2) No desktop, and very hard to use google bar (took me forever to locate files)3) Was not notified anywhere about the files it can, and can not use to play files as you are using a &#34;google&#34; video player which does not support apple or windows related formats...:(
computer|This is an awful laptop, i saw commercials and ads for this laptop all over the place. It seemed to be the perfect laptop for the perfect price. It however was not. It is about as useless as having one shoe when you aren't connected to the internet. Without internet you can't do jack s***. Even when it does have internet, everything opens in a new tab in your browser, which causes crowdedness and makes the laptop appear cheap when you have 30 tabs open at once. Literally everything opens in a tab. Even when trying to do something as simple as write a word document, without internet you can forget it. I had it for about 3 days and immediately returned it and went and bought an 11.6-inch ASUS touchscreen laptop from best buy. This laptop (which is actually what i'm writing this review on) is amazing. Do yourself a favor don't waste your time or money on the chromebook, it isn't even worth the $250 samsung is asking for it. Even with wifi, it is a poorly put together machine.
computer|When I recieved it, you had to create an account with google and I tried for 2 hours to open this account I called samsung support and they couldn't help me either. So I packed it up and sent it back.
computer|This thing is terrible. You can only look at the internet you literally can not do anything: iPod hookup,ANYTHING! I would not recommend this to anybody and don't think it is for anyone.
computer|DUE TO EFFECTS OF HURRICANE SANDY I FINALLY GOT AROUND TO OPENING THE BOX TODAY...WHILE I WAS IMPRESSED WITH ITS SIZE IT WAS PROBLEMATIC FROM THE START. THE TOUCH PAD JUST DID NOT WORK...IT GAVE NO RESPONSE WHATEVER...AFTER TWO CALLS TO SAMSUNG CUSTOMER TECHNICAL SERVICE I GAVE UP...I THINK I JUST GOT A LEMON...IT GOES BACK TO AMAZON TOMORROW. I HAVE OTHER SAMSUNG PRODUCTS AND HAVE BEEN IMPRESSED BY THEM, SUCH AS MY GALAXY TAB 2...BUT I AM VERY STRESSED OUT NOW AND JUST DIDNOT HAVE TIME TO FIGHT WITH THIS NOW.
computer|So much for shopping electronically. I purchased this item for $250, didn't like it with 8G memory so decided to return it for a $199 Acer Chrome. Would cost 11 but ok with me. Did the electro-paperwork then direct to the acer chrome to order. Price had jumped 35 while doing paperwork. I went elsewhere and ordered f/199. Older brother watches all we do. Be ware.
computer|I'm very unhappy with this product. I can't download iTunes, Skype, or any other popular applications. In order to video chat, I have to sign up for Google's video chat, and then ask my friends and family to download the appropriate application. My touchpad is jerky and the webcam has a lag and is very dark, even when sitting in bright light. I bought this to replace a computer that was broken, and am very disappointed with the result- if it was meant to be a someone's second computer, it should be marketed as such.
computer|I had to return Chromebook because if you are looking for a laptop then buy a laptop, this is a Chromebook
computer|Because I am full time in my motor home, I do not always have wifi available and need my programs and files in my computer, so I returned it for a refund.
computer|I did not like the Samsung chrome book!!!! It is mostly what you call a iPad or tablet.Chrome Ninja SupportHi, JohnHere is the answer you are looking for regarding external drives.The external CD or DVD ROM is not compatible with the Chromebook. Please returnthe external drive back to Best Buy.The only external drive that will work are hard drives that can store filesdirectly into the storage unit and the file system is supported by theChromebook.I did not like this chrome book for my wife.
computer|Geez, This company--GOOGLE, has an insatiable appetite for what you write in your documents, (Google Docs), what you take pictures of (Youtube), what you are thinking at any given moment (Googling), and what you send (Gmail). Then, they want to keep it all. (Google Cloud).Being that real thinking seems to occur in a sitting position, with ones hand against ones chin in the bathroom, maybe they can invent "Google Toilet". This is where you have a Wi-Fi enabled electrode hooked up to your Cerebellum, that gets activated when you come within 5 feet of your toilet plunger.No Thanks, Keep your Chromebooks. I'll continue to write my documents offline using software, thank you very much.
computer|Sorry I can't say much about this product since I returned it as soon I received it. It wasn't until I placed my order that I noticed I won't be able to use it in connection to a smart boars. Additionally figuring out how to download macrosoft office was going to be a challenge since it was no hard drive. I like the size and the weight a lot, but this version wasn't a good fit for my needs.
computer|Good for internet but not for much of anything else......It needs extreme improvments, quality and performance....be nice to do downloads......
computer|This Chromebook is a joke. I have been working with this for a week now and nothing. I am taken back to the start or am told I have to download an app to work the windows 8 program. I am not defective so must be chromebook. So much for taking out of the box and nothing to it to start using it. It i going back.
computer|I was so excited when my new chromebook arrived today. Plugged it in, powered it up, and everything worked great. Battery charged so pull power cord and wifi disconnects. You can watch icon - connect, disconnect, repeat. Disconnects every 15 seconds. Chrome keeps saying no Internet. Go to Starbucks. Same problem. Connect power cord and no problem. This piece of crap is going back. If it doesn't work on my linksys that holds on windows pc, Mac, iPad, android phone, and iPhone, it goes back. Doesn't work at Starbucks it goes back. I don't need this kind of stress. Thanks for helping me justify spending more money on a new laptop. Chromebook experiment failed.
computer|My daughter hates it. Main reason, can't access ITunes. Looks good. She says all its good for is Internet. Spend a little extra, get a little more. Google, hmmmmm.
computer|The Samsung notebook is nice, but the Google Chrome is a piece of s___ . I would suggest a table or better yet a I-Pad.I guess I'm just stuck on Apple products.DON'T BUY
computer|I did not notice that this would be such a useless item when I bought it. I thought I could do everything on it that a normal laptop can. Not really. This is basically just a web surfing computer. There are so many frustrating features I don't know where to begin. Or should I say lack of features? First, programs can't be downloaded. I tried to download skype and internet explorer and couldn't. Kiss the right click key good bye There is no way to right click. Click copy and pasting good bye too. There's no way to copy and paste. The minimize dash in the top right hand corner of any screen is hidden and took me several days to figure out how to find. If all of these things can be achieved with this laptop then I wouldn't want it anyhow, because it's impossible to figure out! I ordered a 15&#34; Dell laptop off of Best Buy's website for only $300 yesterday. For $50 extra dollars it's worth it to have something that's actually usable! Luckily amazon is letting me return it past the 30 days because I wasn't the one using this at first, my husband and kids were. When it came time to use it I almost threw it in the garbage. It's ridiculously useless to pay $250 for something that only surfs the web. Spend the extra $ to get something that's functional! I am so disappointed in google.
computer|Google doc is no where near a substitute for MS Office. This product is garbage, if all you do is search the web then it will suffice, but it des not else good.And if you believe this will be more secure then any windows device you are living in a dream word.
computer|Spend 4 hours trying to make the thing browse without error "137". The whole point is a cheap web browser, but it would not reliably load a web page. It's going back to Amazon today.
computer|Does not have any form of windows.... Basically an android in the shape of laptop. Not functional for my use
computer|If you think this is a computer, you have been lied to and are mistaken. The Chromebook is a web browser and glorified typewriter. It can do nothing else. What you can do on the Chrome browser on a real computer is all you are limited to on the Chromebook. Anything else is a fantasy. The worst part, the ARM dual core A15 and Mali GPU is very overrated. The CPU and "GPU" is so underpowered, that the functions the Chromebook can perform lag, video stutters, flash games take minutes to load and when they finally do they stutter and lag as well. The desktop area is just a picture, you can't make shortcuts to anything, but it makes sense since there is nothing to link to. Don't be fooled by all the "satisfied" customers who "knew what they were getting into when they ordered their Chromebook." Those people probably never owned a real computer or even a tablet and this is a step up from the calculator and typewriter they were using before. If you have $300 to spend, buy a tablet or a decent netbook. Or, spend a few buck more and get a real laptop. Whatever you do, do not buy this steaming pile of junk.
computer|We were looking foe an affordable laptop for out 11 year old son, and this was SUCH a disappointment! It does not support JAVA which is needed for many textbooks and games. We returned it and are now going to spend extra money to have a larger laptop (loved the compact size) to allow JAVA to operate. I understand this is because of a fight with Google and JAVA? Very disappointed and will share this information with others.
computer|To everyone who was waiting for this, I understand you. I saw this and knew I had to try it. Amazon just delivered it today and I am typing this review on it. It has so many wonderful things going for it, but I am probably going to return it for the following 3 reasons:1. It is too small. I use a 14" screen now and thought that downsizing would not be a big deal, but it is. If you are not ready for a true netbook experience, then do not buy this. I am not deducting a star for this, because this is a personal issue for me, but I just need a bigger screen2. Cannot handle printers via USB, must be Google Cloud Print enabled. I am sure they will fix this eventually, but if it cannot handle a plug and play print job then it loses a star.3. Chrome Remote Desktop cannot be run from a Chromebook? What, are you serious?!? Who fell asleep at the wheel on that one? They promise to fix this soon, and they probably will, but not being able to share screens hurts business users. (on that note, Skype works well enough through IMO app that I do not worry about it)4. The track pad feels cheap. Most Samsung products are too plasticy for my taste (my mobile is a Razr Maxx) but while the keyboard feels fine and the device is stable, right- or left-clicking feels cheesy. Another star lost.I have almost no need for Windows or Apple operating systems anymore, I live in the cloud. That said, this device is just too small and I will most likely be sending it back soon. I will live with it over the weekend and see if my ideas change. Most of my work and personal online life is spent within the confines of Chrome, so I assure you I knew what I was getting into. I want to ditch Microsoft and Apple as soon as possible, but Chrome is still probably a couple of generations away. Too bad, I did so want to like this. If I change my mind, I will revise my comments. If you see no revisions here, then I sent it back, with regret....
computer|Samsung chromebook keeping it briefpros it's cheap that's the bait init's small easy to manage on the gogreat college student giftcons Google cloud service sucks you have to download "EVERYTHING" to do ANYTHINGfeels cheap madeannoying os Microsoft way better
computer|I bought a Chromebook to replace my old PC laptop that I used at home. I have a PC laptop for work but don't like to use it for my personal stuff like downloading music, organizing pictures, etc. I realize that Chromebook is meant to be a netbook, or webbook, or whatever the new generation of cloud based devices is called. However, I did my research on the Chromebook beforehand and it seemed that I'd be able to do a lot of things that I could do on a laptop. I was willing to try out something new at this price point.The price was certainly right at $250 from Best Buy, and the thing boots up beautifully right out of the box. It's a nice little compact computer with a decent screen and keyboard. Too bad it doesn't do anything that a machine of its size should do.Before you buy one of these, realize that you cannot sync an iPod to it, you cannot download MS Office to it, and you cannot even upload music into Google Play from it. The first two are somewhat understandable, but if I buy this thing wanting to switch to Google's ecosystem, shouldn't I be able to at least listen to music that I ported from a memory stick? It's absolutely ridiculous that I have to keep an old Windows laptop so that I can manage my music on Google Play and then listen to it with the Chromebook. I bought the Chromebook so that I could replace the old Windows laptop. If Google wants people to switch from traditional local storage based computing, it should design Chromebook so that you don't have to rely on an old PC to use Google's services.I haven't even mentioned yet how slow it was to upload files from a memory stick to Google Drive on the Chromebook. I suspect the problem is with Google Drive and not the Chromebook, but you have to use Drive to access your files with the Chromebook, so it doesn't make any difference where the problem is. I had 20 gigs of files to upload -- it took an entire weekend. The problem was not with my Internet connection, as I speed tested at over 4 Mbps upload.The Chromebook is still a consumption machine, maybe a little more powerful than a tablet, but there's no way I'm using it to do anything substantial like draft a letter or make a presentation. Google's web-based office services are just not anywhere close to MS Office, and won't be for some time. Google Drive isn't ready for prime time either. I have an Android phone and tablet and love them, but the Chromebook is little more than a tablet with a keyboard.
computer|Has been a great addition to my household. Gives me freedom to use the internet in any part of the house.
computer|Based on all the comments on problems and the lack of support or poor customer service from Samsung, I'm beginning to believe that they pushed to get this out in time for the holidays. Perhaps it was not quite perfected upon being released to market. Remind you of previous releases of Windows?? &lt;&lt;G>>
computer|I am considering taking this back. The performance is sub par, frequent errors and freezes. Browsing is incredibly slow for regular websites, it felt like my internet connection was 56k. While I was using this today to browse reddit it froze 3 times and required a hardboot before I gave up on it and pulled out my laptop. I loved the idea this and was waiting so long for them to be available. The high hope I had for this only to end up with such a let down is why I rated it so badly. I used to think google products were top notch but after this failure I will certainly think 3 times before buying another one of their products. -extremely disappointed
computer|OK....I own an office with about 45 people and our IT needs are obviously a considerable expense of over 65 k a year. I read "In The Plex" about inside Google (Great readBTW) and I have been using chrome and google docs for quite a while to prepare for a transition office wide for an all Chrome cloud based office. I have been using Chrome on a MacBook Pro. So anyway I ordered one of the Chromebooks the DAY it came out and mine arrived this morning. I was so ready to be impressed so excited to begin the long planned transition. And unfortunately I am totally disappointed, and I am sending it back tomorrow. It has mediocre graphic quality, is insubstantial in construction has a really cheap feel to it. This may look like an Air but an Air is a thing of grace and this looks like it cost....$249. The keyboard feel I could probably get used to but the deal killer was the touchpad sticks and just feels chintzy. There are dead spots on the pad and there is an air of insubstantiality to the whole experience that is simply cheap. I really wish they had put $78 dollars more quality into it.Personally I am excited about the promise of a cloud based office but trust me...if you use a computer for more than 1/2 hour a day you will NOT want it to be on one of these babies.(Good God but the graphics were flat and low res.)I will wait for a hardware implementation that lives up to the promise of chrome.I should also add that for the money this will be acceptable to many people- it is clearly not acceptable for an office. I also believe that any Mac Book Pro or Air users will be pretty disappointed to step backward across nearly all fronts.
computer|I should have read this products info. Before I purchased it ,its nothing more than a link to the internet and not a p.c. Or lap top
computer|Unable to use - requires more computer knowledge for set up and use than available at basic level -very little in way of directions and and required companion setups
