computer|Just got my Lenovo Twist. For the first time since 1995 I feel like I am working on something new and innovative. I love this machine. Windows 8 is still taking some getting used to.
computer|I've been tracking Windows 8 since the Consumer Preview of 2012. In fact, I installed the CP and the final EOM version on a prior ThinkPad (SL410) shortly after in came out. In a nutshell, Win8 is great once you learn how to mouse to the corners. Why Microsoft felt the need to essentially hide its basic features in corner-spotted contextual menus, I don't know; they have way too much faith in the average user. However, Win8 runs fast, is secure, and the Metro interface is pretty great -- especially for apps like Solitaire, MahJohng, ESPN, Netflix, and KEXP. There's some really cool stuff in the store, much of it that doesn't require a touchscreen.That said, a touchscreen (like the one in the Twist) brings the whole experience alive. Windows 8 is the OS of the future, especially when you see how smoothly you can switch between app-heavy Metro and the traditional desktop experience. Again, I think it takes a bit of an advanced user to understand how to make it all work, but once you do, it's pretty slick. Touching your screen to launch tasks, browse files, and so on, seems so natural that you wonder why it took so long. Combine that with a traditional keyboard (like the Twist) and you've really good a good thing going.So, that's a quick overview of Win8. What about the Twist? Here's a look at the good and bad.The good:* The build quality. The rubberized feel is premium, the screen looks great, the keyboard is amazing, and the whole deal feels nice. It's ThinkPad; you know you're getting quality.* Battery. Others have said it's poor, but I haven't had that experience. Dial down the screen brightness, and you can get a good 4, nearly 5 hours out of this. It's enough for a plane ride; not sure where else you'd go without access to a power cord. Because the screen is so good, you can lower the brightness and still have a good experience.* The hybrid functionality. It's so good! Flipping the screen around and using the Twist as a tablet is a revelation. I use it mostly as a comic book reader, and it's really perfect for that application. (Next step is for Marvel to bring its Marvel Universe app to the Windows Store.) Playing simple games, navigating Metro apps, etc., is really smooth. The weight of the device is such that, for me, it's a pretty good tablet. And when you need to type something long-form, you simply turn the screen around and go at it. It's pretty good.* The weight. Coming from a fivish-pound device, I'm surprised how light this is.Now the not-so-good:* Screen rotation can be iffy. Maybe a driver update can help this out?* Sound is good and loud, but sometimes distorted. Can't tell if this is a source or playback issue. You're not getting premium sound out of this device, to be sure.* The screen is a fingerprint magnet. Nothing that can be done about that, and it's really only noticeable when the screen is off, but there you are.* It'd be nice for a traditional HDMI and more USB ports, but oh well.If you're on the fence, I say go for it. You're not finding a Windows 8 hybrid device anywhere near this price class, and you'll be surprised just how capable this device is. I'm not a gamer, so the 720p and lower specs don't bug me. For what I need to do -- basic browsing, Office, etc. -- this is a really great device.
computer|has a very fast processor and good but when you convert it to the graphics tablet does not rotate fast enough and has some problems with the touch screenbut generally works fine
computer|I bought this back in December and after figuring out how to avoid some of the bugs, such as how when in tablet mode the mouse skips around and clicks randomly(Put some paper between the screen and the keyboard and it won't do that) the computer worked out great. I love how light weight it is. I bring it to school with me and my classmates all love the computer and have wanted one of their own. It boots up very quickly, and even faster from sleep mode. Windows 8 is great, I love the start screen and the tablet-ness of it. I'm in college and I use one of the free note taking apps to take notes in class. It's great!However, a couple weeks ago the hard drive failed. Thankfully it was under warranty and my school's computer shop has "Lenovo certified technicians" and does warranty work. I brought it in and Lenovo replaced the hard drive for free, I just have to pay a small labor fee. I haven't gotten it back yet, but just the fact the hard drive failed at all has really discouraged me. I have never had to bring a computer to a computer shop to fix a problem, and I most certainly have never had to replace a hard drive due to a failure, and I've had computers since the early 90s. My parents have had computers longer and they too have never had a problem like this.If you buy the computer, I guarantee you'll love it, but keep it backed up just in case.
computer|why buy this? just want to buy a laptop which is suitable as a pad or as a computer in some time.It is. But this one is not suitable for ones who just want a pad.
computer|this computer is very good . but just a little bit slow I think it is because that I only by it by i5.
computer|The product works as advertised, aside from the battery life. Battery life is listed at 7 hours but 3 is the number I usually get. 3 hours is plenty for me as I'm rarely away from an outlet that long.Other reviews also mention problems with screen orientation and it can be difficult to get the screen to orient into portrait mode for tablet use.I bought this primarily for use as a laptop and sometimes use tablet mode for web browsing and news consumption.The start up time is snappy but there is still plenty of storage with a 500 gig hdd. The device is also capable of running some taxing computer games such as civilization 5.The screen is responsive and easy to use. I only wish there was the ability to use a digitizer. Its ability for creating notes and doing research is admirable as a result of the ThinkPad hardware and Microsoft 365 office suite which is included on a 30 day trial (which I plan to purchase).Overall I have used this device every day since I purchased it. Windows 8 is intuitive to use on the product and I have no issue with it. It has nearly eliminated my need of my desktop and I find myself doing most of my computing (school work & gaming) on my couch. I would recommend this to anyone who needs the capabilities of a laptop but is intrigued by the form factor of a tablet. The tablet use is serviceable for a secondary feature.
computer|This is more of a sales experience issue, though it affects the laptop as well. I bought this from Amazon as opposed to a third party vendor because I wanted a higher assurance of quality and a better sales experience. Wrong! I opened the box of my supposedly new Lenovo Twist and saw a wrapped power cord sitting next to the bag it was supposed to come in, then a dog eared installation manual. Really Amazon? Whoever packed this couldn't even take the time to make it look like it might be new and not re-packed? As to the product, it has definite pluses. It is lightweight, great battery life, nice screen (32 bit, not 64) and a good keyboard to my tastes. Downside is the slightly smaller screen runs into re-sizing issues on a lot of websites and programs and it feels a bit flimsy. I definitely like the weight though. However, I have started to run into screen problems that make me wonder if that isn't why it was returned by someone else in the first place. If I had not been leaving on a business trip it would have gone right back to Amazon. Still considering options.....
computer|It's fast and functional laptop.Many reviews didnot like battery's performance for it's less than factory's claim(4hrs vs 6hrs under normal usage).I agreed but that is something I can live with.I do like the&#34;twist&#34; feature and compact size of it.So far so good.
computer|I bought this for my wife for Christmas and have regretted for months. It was 'great' for the first 30 days or so but in the last month have had to refresh the PC 5 times, the touchscreen stops working intermittently, the keyboard freezes up, the external mouse is hyper sensitive to the point of being not usable...now the network adapter does not work claiming I have a wifi problem even though the 3 other computers in the house doesn't have a problem connecting. I'm pass my return policy period on Amazon and Lenovo warranty labryrinth is nearly impossible. Basically I wasted a $1000. I should never have bought consumer electronics from the Amazon store. At least with Apple I can walk into an App,e Store and they have always been helpful.
computer|The screen of Thinkpad X230T and the Thinkpad Twist is only 5 point multitouch. 10-point multitouch screen is only available in their Yoga tablet.It would be nice if they can upgrade the x230T and the Thinkpad Twist to a 10 point multitouch considering the premium price.Would be nice if the fingerprint reader is available in the Thinkpad Twist.It would be nice if they can also upgrade the screen resolution so it can handle writing to the screen accurately.Also the added 1 year extended warranty when you use some credit cards in purchase seems not applicable to Lenovo when buying their warranty.For example, If you buy 2 year depot warranty, it seems you can't avail of credit card's extended 1 year warranty to make it a total of 3 year warranty.Hope Lenovo clears this up.I have owned several laptops from different manufacturers including Lenovo.The Thinkpad Lenovo is solid in its construction but with the premium price, it deserves premium features as well.Until they price it competitively or upgrade the features, i think it is not a cost-effective buy as of now.
computer|Slow in updating emails and skydive is very unreliable. Inability to individually close opened programs. Slow response and it freezes if updating. Poor performance.
computer|el mejor equipo que he tenido, excelente funcion y muy moderno , muchas gracias por el excelente precio y servicio
computer|The touch screen sensitivity is not as good as iPad otherwise I would give a 5 star. I havn't seen any other dislike parts so far.
computer|[...]i know that this is resale, but this certainly affects you as well. i especially recommend NOT ordering from lenovo direct, even if the price is better or the specs are more up to date.if you order this item from lenovo.com, you will likely not receive anything for months. this is indicative of everything that is wrong with lenovo and why shouldnt trust their product. lenovo has a notoriously poor warranty fulfillment process. if you were tohave a problem with your laptop, returning it or mailing it in for repair can be a nightmarish and even devastating experience. lenovo has a cripplingly inefficient and careless customer service and sales system.  lenovo regularly delays and cancels orders without warning or reason.  lenovo products are regularly shipped with gross disregard for quality control, proper assembly, including things like powerchord and battery, keyboard ( on a laptop), etc. there is no department or even aspect of service that they provide that is aimed at assisting current customers in their worst debaccles.  i beg you to hold your lenovo purchases until you make the search "lenovo customer service" and look at any website beside lenovos home website.  i am not emotional, angry or vengeful in saying any of this.  please check lenovos forums for customer service complaints and shipping problems.  check any website dedicated to evaluating customer service systems of companies.  read the article i posted. the deeper you go, the more shockingly deepseeded issues with lenovo you will find.
computer|Lenovo evidently do not care about customer service, it appears they only care about the sales. I have had a horrible experience dealing with Lenovo's customer service. I dealt with two weeks of wasted time and patience. These are the events with Lenovo that took place over a two week period:I went to the Lenovo website to order and customize a Think-pad X230t convertible, but as I proceeded to customize the item in my cart it was showing as a Think-pad 230. It took talking to four customer reps in India (after 6pm) to try to get an answer as to whether my order in my cart was matching what I wanted. For whatever reason I could not get a definite answer, I then decided to call during normal business hours. Spoke with a rep to get an answer and still could not get a definitive answer.Called the next day and spoke with another rep, got a definitive answer from her, she informed me "yes she can order and customize a Think-pad X230T convertible for me." We proceeded to customize my order. Finally I was going to get the product I wanted, and it was not cheap, especially with the customization. She then told me that she would send me a quote to verify the order before it was processed. I received an email later on that afternoon of the supposed quote and it was a cut and paste of their website, unbelievable!!! I called Lenovo once again, spoke with a rep about the "supposed quote," he informed me that he would contact the sales team to inform them of the error and someone should be calling me later on that day. Needless to say, I did not receive the phone call.Two days later I received an email that my order was being shipped. I then called back to cancel the order and a rep told me it was too late to cancel the order. I would have to receive the item and then call back for a return label. I called the following day and asked to speak to a supervisor. They put me on hold for 15 minutes, after fifteen minutes I hung up. I then redialed and again asked to speak to a supervisor, again I was put on hold for another 20 minutes (they were probably hoping I would get tired of waiting and hung up). When they figured out I was not going to hang up, they hung up on me. I then found a Think-pad S230U at my local Micro-Center. I really wanted try this product out. Once I got it home, unpacked the box, charged the battery, it showed 2hrs of battery time. It stated in the specs that it was an 8 cell lithium battery. There is no way that this battery should be showing 2hours. I spoke with a representative at Micro-Center to let them know I needed an exchange. He informed me that they were out of stock and they will be receiving their next shipment maybe sometime next week. I decided to call their corporate headquarters; well the number bounced me back to the recorded sales robot. I am sending both of these convertible laptops back and Lenovo will not ever have to worry about me spending my money or time with them ever again.
computer|I have placed an order on Thinkpad Twist through Lenovo today.I confirmed with different sales agents and technical support agents:Although many advertisements, releasing news, reviews and even the official tech data sheet mentioned that the mobile broadband support(3G ready) is available as an option on Thinkpad Twist, the fact, unfortunately, is there is no configeration of mobile broadband support on any Thinkpad Twist model up to now.For people already have the machine on hand, would you try and confirm this for the possible buyers?
computer|I bought the first one a few days ago. Performed hardware scan as Lenovo Solution Center recommended. Got a message: Hardware scan has detected one or more failures." Since I loved this computer design so much I decided to try another one. I returned the first one this morning and got a new one at Staples. Performed hardware scan on the second computer. Shockingly, the system could not even start the job. Called Lenovo Technical Support and the technician had my computer remote control to try to perform the hardware scan, and he could not do it either. I decided to return it and look for another brand.
computer|------------ Conclusion------------Do not buyThis machine isn't bad, but I had to return it.A mobile device that costs this much should not rely on a wall outlet being near.----------------Pros500 GB Hard Drive4 GB Memoryi5 ProcessorsConsBattery - Less than 4 hours of use-------Touch screen - 5 touch points only (apps and games that require 10 finger touch won't work)------------Camera - Horrible not acceptable for skype ,pictures, video or anything (only 1 front facing camera, less than 1 mega pixel)------ This camera is on par with a 640 x 480 camera from 10 to 15 years agoHard Drive - The hard drive has a lot a room, but it's not SSD . Most other tablets are using a 64 or 128 GB SSD that has a 4+ times faster file transfer speed.--------------------------Battery Details----------------Battery Performance not stated honestlyLenovo - 6 hoursStaples - 5.5 hoursAmazon - 7 hoursOffice Depot - 7 hours (my purchasing location)Actual battery usage was around 3:10 hrs with no changes, around 3:30 hrs / 3:45 hrs after changing power settings, turning off bluetooth, lowering brightnessBattery tested 5 times in Real Time. Did not use heavy apps. I was only able to watch 1 and a half movies over wifi.
computer|I freaking love this laptop! Yes, the RAM is a little low and you can't upgrade it. Yes it is only an i5. Yes the wireless card sucks, but I got it from Amazon for $800 and it is cool as hell. Everyone that sees me use it likes it and asks about it. I haven't used my tablet near as much since getting this. This is the form factor and weight that laptops were meant to be. I can easily throw this into a bag without worrying about how much weight I am adding. Love the touchscreen and going back and forth between that, the nub, and the trackpad.
computer|Normally a laptop is just a laptop, they all have screens, keyboards, and ports, and you usually just pay for the performance you're getting out of it. With these new ultrabooks, Lenovo really put some good thinking into this. I've never had a ThinkPad before, but the quality of this laptop, the placement of the buttons, the keyboard, the useful convertible feature, I was just amazed. The laptop is very fast, I'm sure if you replaced the HDD with a full blown SSD it would be slightly faster and the battery life would go up a little.As it is, the battery life is great, I don't see how so many people were complaining about the battery life. For best results I just cycle Wi-Fi on and off, I can go through a full day of classes without having to charge up if I'm conservative.All in all, this is obviously no powerhouse, but for Business or general Productivity, this laptop is a definite buy.BTW, Windows 8 is hard to get used to if you're new at it..I'm still not the biggest fan, but you get used to it.
computer|I picked up a pair of these because my husband and I are authors, and our previous laptops were on their last legs (his was a Dell, mine an Alienware). I wanted something with a touchscreen and updated Windows (so, SO tired of Vista), and this Ultrabook came pretty highly recommended. I'm glad I decided to go with Lenovo.It's very sleek and thin, with a low profile that makes it easy to carry around from place to place without feeling like you're lugging a giant piece of hardware with you. The screen resolution is bright and crisp. The tablet functions are awesome, and I was surprisingly impressed with Windows 8. It's snappy and responsive, and just an all around great product.I'm definitely pleased!
computer|I really wanted to like this computer but I just didn't. Ultimately after 2 weeks the keyboard stopped working and I could only use the touchpad on the screen. The screen also lagged or froze when going from laptop to tablet. It was a pain. At first I wanted to blame being new to windows 8 as my reason behind hating it...but no. To replace this I went and bought a Sony vaio with windows 8 and I am adjusting just fine. I love it. The lenovo not so much. It also felt like a toy to me so I was hesitant to do any work on it.
computer|The swivelling touch screen makes this computer very ergonomically friendly. It is fast has no trouble acquiring even faint wireless signals.
computer|There are plenty of good reviews so I will make this short and brief. I have had the Twist for about two weeks now and love it. I also think Windows 8 is great. Being able to switch from Laptop mode to Tablet and back is cool. I do this more than I would have thought. When in Laptop mode, being able to touch the screen instead of using a mouse is very applicable. I have no complaints with the overall way the Twist operates. I am an average user and this product is serving me very well.
computer|After going through several Tablets. Including the iPad. I found eveything i was looking for,in the Lenovo Twist.Could not be happier
computer|I am an Android nut for mobile, and I have always been iffy about products like this, they never do one thing really well, which honestly, is fine with me. I am not a graphics designer, I am not someone who needs fingerprint security, I use my computer to:Social--Online browse my favorite sites (engadget, autoblog.com, android forums, car forums, google plus, FB)-Get info, for travelling, eating, movies, multimedia, and shoppingWork--Outlook, web-based Outlook, Excel, Word, PPT, and some limited photo-edittingMedia-Netflix, Photoshop, Redbox instant, picturesThis laptop does everything I need to very well. It was very jittery and had limited gestures out of the box, but when I did the updates, it runs super smooth, fast, and doesnt hesitate much. I do notice sometimes some of the gestures done read properly, and it has some accidental touches every now and then, but nothing that frustrates me. The screen is good, not the best, text looks okay, pics and media look awesome. The touch responsiveness is amazing, similar to iOS responsiveness.The hardware is nice, very solid, light, small, but has everything I need. Touchpad is okay, I hate having the buttons above the touchpad, as opposed to below, which is what I was used to. It does have multitouch on the touchpad after the updates. Battery isnt amazing, but I usually use this at home, so it doesnt bother me. I can get by with 3-4 hours of unplugged battery life.Windows 8- people whine wayyyy too much about Win8. It's awesome. I didnt know how I was going to feel, but the responsiveness, all the screen gestures (swiping from any corner has a uniform response) are incredible, switching between the tiles and desktop is completely harmless, and super fast and easy. I LOVE the live tiles, and almost every app I have used has a live tile, giving you information, and just looks cool. Try out all the gestures, and yes, some menus are hard to find at first, but there is a learning curve with everything, BE PATIENT and you will learn to love it!!My ecosystem revolves around Android, so i use Chrome, Google Music, Gmail, GMaps, and there is a solution for all of these on Win 8. The mail app will sync with Gmail, and my work email, and my hotmail. There is a faux-GMaps app, and a 3rd party Google Music app, so it does everything I need.Overall, i love this thing, with small quirks such as touchpad accuracy (not bad at all, just jitters sometimes, i use touch most of the time) and getting used to Win 8, but to me the experience is pretty revolutionary and I have become a fan.Get this computer over the ideapad Yoga, because it has a bigger hard drive for cheaper, and if you're looking for something more compact.
computer|Absolutely no problem with this Ultrabook - love the twist feature turning it into a tablet. Really enjoying using the touch features. I find it to be a very good product.
computer|Love the portability. The reaction time is slow. My biggest problem is getting used to windows 8 and a new machine at the same time. I love to be able to switch to a tablet, and the inconvience of speed is insignificant to the advantages.
computer|Only negative is the battery charge, I have never gotten more than 5 hours.Lenovo Twist S230U (33472HU) 12.5" Multi-Touch Ultrabook - Core i5 500GB HDD 24GB SSD 4GB RAM Windows 8
computer|Great Windows 8 Laptop/Tablet! We've owned it for about a month now. Would have given it 5 stars, but the battery life is a little weak. Great keyboard and screen responsiveness with Windows 8. Highly recommended!
computer|Just perfect to windows 8. Good job Lenovo.All the system at equilibrium, processor, ram memory, touch screen led and windows 8!
computer|I gave this to my Wife as a gift this is one of the best designed notebook of it's kind oft the moneyBusiness or just funLight weight and wonderful battery life
computer|Really like the design, bought the twist on black Friday from staples.The laptop came with Windows 8, not Windows 8 pro. YES, some come with windows 8 pro, but many twists come with just windows 8. You may have to spend $70 to upgrade to windows 8 pro.Short battery life kill the laptop, and also noise.Tried several methods, just can't start the laptop from USB. Don't know why.Don't come with recovery DVD or other media. Don't know how to upgrade the hard drive to SSD.Tip: Following user manual, press F1 won't bring you to bios. To get into bios, you have to log in windows, move mouse to right bottom corner, click set, then general, then ...then restart. Please let me know if you know some other methods to get into bios.
computer|I have been a strong Lenovo fan but this is the worst computer I have ever purchased from them. No kidding, I had it less than a week and I had to mail it back for repairs. The screen changes brightness uncontrollably, there is an error in the drivers that they can not repair via tech connection and don't get me started on Windows 8. I'm too busy to have to relearn windows AND try to keep up with the pace of work.All in all, wish I didn't buy it. It might end up collecting dust.One last note. The computer was repaired and returned to me in 7 days. I think this computer makes for a good tv companion. It acts more like a tablet which is nice. Not what I wanted but around the tv it keeps us company.
computer|I&#8217;ve read a lot and picked this for many reasons: Price, look, weight. I arrived 1 day earlier than expected and I couldn&#8217;t wait to open the box.My first impression was it is well built, beautiful looking and light enough for me to carry around. After getting used to it, I discovered the first problem. The screen goes dim intermittently for a few seconds then goes back to normal. I adjust very thing but couldn&#8217;t get rid of it. It drove me nut. Then I discovered the second problem. The screen does not always rotate when you turn the PC. At times, it stays in portrait mode, refuses to turn no matter what you do. I have to turn it off to resolve the problem.Other than that, the touch screen is responsive, the K/B is great.Over all, I think it&#8217;s a great product for the price but I just happen to get a lemon. I could have it replaced but decided to return it after reading from other users stating they have similar problem.
computer|The quality of the twist part was better than expected. Everything about the PC is of decent quality. I would recommend if it fits your needs. So many options out there. The twist is perfect for some personal preferences. Not to much here to disappoint. I just got unlucky with a bad port.
computer|I bought the lenovo twist a few months ago an have been using it as my primary computer for school. I am a graduate student, so my primary usage for this laptop is checking email, taking notes in class, entering data and reading pdfs, so I'll be primarily addressing these uses.For taking notes, I downloaded a free windows 8 app called note anytime. I highly recommend it. Although it is fairly easy to write notes with your finger on the touchscreen, after a while it's just easier to use a pen. So I ended up getting a stylus and using this laptop in class to take written notes. The touchscreen is very responsive to writing with little to no delay. I have been taking notes in class with ease by just resting the laptop on my desk. I enjoy using a touchscreen laptop instead of a normal laptop or pen and paper because I am able to draw figures and diagrams with ease, while using the internet to look up information during lectures. Windows 8 has a feature that lets you swipe to switch between screens that is really helpful.For entering data on laptops, one of my pet peeves is that most normal sized laptops lack a number pad. One of the benefits of the lenovo twist is that it has a touchscreen keyboard that includes a number pad that I use quite often.For reading pdfs on the twist, it is very easy to use to annotate and read pdfs. My gripes are that the gorilla glass can have a lot of glare on it in the wrong lighting and that the twist is a bit heavy to hold like an ipad.Overall, I really enjoy using this laptop. The hardware of the twist is solid and any issues that I have had have been related to the learning curve of using Windows 8, except for the battery life. Lenovo advertises up to 7 hours of battery life on the laptop. So in my mind as a consumer, I am expecting to get around 5 hours. In actuality, I can get about 3-4h of usage with each charge. Considering this is supposed to be an ultrabook, this is disappointing. However, for my purposes, I don't use the computer unplugged for more than 2 hours at a time, so this has not hindered my experience. I hope in the future lenovo is able to solve this problem.
computer|I have been looking for a "tablet" device that would not simply be a consumption device. A device in other words that you could do actual work on. I've had other tablets including a couple Ipads ,but it was difficult to do anything productive with these device. I decided to take a chance with the Lenovo Twist and so far i've been pleasantly suprised. I have only given it a 4 star rating becuase i have not had a chance to use it more extensively ,but i will say that its hard to go wrong with this "tablet"
computer|The laptop top is well built and runs windows 8 very well. Battery time is listed at 7 hours, I was lucky if it lasted 3 hours with just web browsing. If Levono could fix the battery issue this would be a 5 star rating.
computer|1. Bad battery life. only 3-3.5 hours for surfing with wifi.2. Terrible touch pad, not smooth , and lost response in some time. It's really terrible for Mac user.3. The worst thing is window 8 which make the touchscreen useless, I have to work on traditional desktop in most of time.
computer|My daughter purchased this computer. Within a week we received it. OMG..I love it. I have a laptop already and I decided I am so getting me one of these!!! I have an Apple Ipad. This does take the place of an ipad. It's light and fast.
computer|This is not an excellent machine out of the box and almost makes me pretty frustrates at the beginning. However, after tune ups, it works almost perfect.Overall, it is an ultrabook with no compromise and with not much more dollars i spent, it also supports touch for your desktop apps and also serves as a tablet. What's more, it is also powerful enough to use it for work. The TWIST mode made it very flexible to use in any scenario. My favorite mode is display mode when use it in bed. With the keyboard supporting the laptop, the screen is like a tablet in front of you without the need to hold it. Plus the angle can be easily adjusted.I love the keyboard, trackpad (although still not as good as apple's but can be fixed by driver update), screen ,touch, powerful, and most importantly the various form factors i can twist it into.Tweaks i did to solve the problems i had oob.1) touch pad: i need to change the touch sensitivity to make it follow the finger well. Multi-touch can be enabled from the see of options in the driver preferences. However, there is neither two finger touch as right click, nor inertia for two finger scroll.2) screen rotation lock: after the driver update recently, it is solved.3) system freeze once in a while: I believe this is due to ThinkPad's patent that it lock the harddrive when motion detected. You can disable the feature or you can do what i did that I swapped the HD to an SSD. I got a 512GB SSD from amazon for 400 dollars, which is much cheaper than get one from lenovo.My configuration is core i7, 8GB, 512GB SSD and it is super fast thanks to the SSD. The system restarts in 10 seconds and hibernate/wake in 2 seconds. I use it as a laptop enjoying the great keyboard together with touch, while also use it as a tablet in bed when using IE10. When use it for work, I connect it to the USB3 hub and miniHDMI, and i will three screens (one from USB), external keyboard/mouse. This is really a TWIST that satisfies all my usage cases. Perfect for me at least!Lastly, i must remind you several things.1) I was looking for a ultrabook. The functionality of tablet is my second concern when price doesn't add much. So if you are looking mostly for a tablet, this may not be the exactly what you want.2) The metro apps, lenovo drivers, win8 are all fixing and improving. I am fine with small glitches but if you are not a techie person, you need to try this in the store.3) The memory is not easily upgradable, so get the 8GB version from lenovo.4) if you need to upgrade to SSD, you can clone the system using win7 system recovery tool. Then restart the laptop using win8 recovery from thumbdrive after BIOS tweaks (disable secure boot as far as i remember). Then you can recovery the image to the SSD. It is much more trickier to clone/recover in win8.
computer|This baby is pretty much a hybrid of a tablet, laptop and ultrabook. Its more powerful than a lot of ultrabooks (get the i5 cpu or higher).People complain about all types of things when it comes to electronics and expect a flawless product for the first of its kind. That's not the case with anything that's even remotely complex that is brand new and revolutionary. Yes, there have been tablets that can run windows OSes before but not full fledged versions with this stability. I didn't have any of the issues ppl have mentioned, I guess there was just a few bugs in some of the Twists Lenovo shipped out.Don't expect to play intense video games on here or to run a home music studio out of this thing. It can handle some music production programs (i5) but it takes it about three tries; in other words the music program will freeze 2-3 times before it runs fine. This is not what you want when trying to produce professional sound tracks, video, photos etc. Know what you are buying (the specs) and what they can do for you. The CPU is great and from the best chip maker. The ram, though not upgradeable, is enough to run just about everything. I would avoid streaming more than 5-6 videos at once but only youtube maniacs do that.The sound is ok, tiny little speakers on a tiny computer. The touch screen works great, just tilt it a little farther so it changes orientation when you want it to. The ambient light sensor can be turned off. I figured this out myself. After that, the computer works great. I am even running another Windows system inside of it (Virtual machine). I can play my android games on there too with Bluestacks android emulator :D Make sure you have it on the higher power consuming setting if youre not plugged in to AC to run those goodies. Buy it and enjoy the awesome deal you are getting compared to the Yoga and what Asus is offering!
computer|I purchased this item as a gift for my partner. He seems to like the versatility a lot - laptop or tablet!
computer|I'd been looking for a good, convertable laptop for a while. I was leaning towards the Dell Ultrabook, but when I saw the price of this one, I went for it.It's light, but it feels really sturdy (owning up to its ThinkPad name). The rotating screen is a nice touch, but I find myself using it less and less in tablet mode. I've owned two iPads, a Kindle Fire, and various e-readers, and I still haven't completely accepted tablet use.Things I love:The keyboard: The keys are spaced perfectly for my hands and I rarely, if ever, make typing errors on it.The trackpad: I have yet to learn all the gestures, and it's been a bit of a struggle to unlearn all of the Apple gestures I've mastered using a Macbook Pro. But the more I use it, the more I like it.The screen: The Gorilla Glass screen is pretty. What can I say, I like shiny, pretty things.Things I don't love:Windows 8: Yes, I suppose this should be a separate review, but I have some issues with the OS. In theory it's a great product, but in practice, I find it to be a little sluggish and temperamental.The battery: Others have said it better than I could. It's just not long enough for a tablet.Overall, it's a great little Ultrabook. I resolve to use it in tablet mode more often.
computer|This may finally be the device that lets me lighten my bag when I travel. I can watch movies and listen to music when I travel and the long battery life gives me a whole day more than enough time for a west coast flight with enough left over to catch up pn my work when I get to my destination. I find myself using both the touchpad and the touchscreen of this devise when I have it configures as a laptop and with a quick twist I can convert it to a tablet and use the onscreen keyboard. The I5 processor will handle just about anything you can throw at it and Office is preinstalled so you only need to purchase a office key to activate it. Here is a link to some additional comments on this item you can read them and vote for a chance to win one of these wonderful machines.[...]
computer|Great computer! Combination of ultrabook and tablet plus windows 8 a great combination. Plus the ruggedness of lenova products. Very nice touchscreen.
computer|I am an advance PC user and this laptop/ultrabook/tablet/notebook (Yes-it is all of theseis more than worth it since I was looking at getting an IPAD 3. I am more than happy with my TWIST since most tablets only have a 64GB capacity!!
computer|The computer is very smart, swift, very good. The price of the computer is very cheap. The function of it is enrich.
computer|Awesome! This ThinkPad is truly always &#34;thinking&#34;. Im surprised every day with what it can do. Always up to date, always keeping up with me. I would highly recommend this one above the others. Although I didnt get the instruction booklet, I still have that same info literally at my fingertips. Love it! Look on further! This is the one you want!
computer|I would recommend this computer to anyone that can deal with a &#34;12.5&#34; screen. The all around build quality is way above average, it's fast with a nice track pad and the screen is very nice but too small for me. It boots very quickly and the touch screen is responsive.If Lenovo made this in a 13.3 or 14 I would have never considered sending it back.
computer|I would say that this machine is for those who are looking for a high performance LAPTOP not convertible tablet. There's not an option for a stylus that works therefore completely useless for those people who want a fully functional convertible. My dad brought this machine home from work and I was very excited to play with it the only problem came when I tried to write with a compacitive stylus ( Steve jobs creation) it was PITIFUL. though the twist is a great over all laptop it is not for the die hard student or meeting gower that wants to take note or any kind of art on their machine. This is a great laptop not tablet. For a full review with specs and soon to be videos go to the website in the title!!
computer|The machine looks fine but the hardware is terrible... first, they took 45 days to deliver my machine. within 1 month, the trackpad and earphone jack stopped working. Lenovo promised me a 6 day turnaround to fix it. they replaced the machine in 3 weeks... ive had the new machine for 3 days and its down AGAIN.... I am in the process of trying to see what I can do and have now spent 45 mins on the phone only to be bounced around to the 'appropriate' department.this is a $1000+ machine that is worth less than a $500 laptop. if I could give it 0 stars I would.
computer|The concept of combining a traditional PC and tablet is a great idea and one I was waiting for. However, after receiving this product and using it for less than 2 days we noticed a major flaw with the product. When transitioning from tablet back to PC mode the screen does not automatically correct itself and on many occassions will be locked in the sideview or upside down view. We called Lenovo who stated that this is a known problem and even replacing the screen would not correct the issue. We returned it to get our money back.
computer|As someone that has been working with an outdated suse machine for ever and ever this is a great machine.Pros: TURNY! Great for watching movies. I love windows 8 start bar. I feel so fancy.Cons: Windows 8 doesn't load all my tweets or facebook messages and only does email 2 weeks in the past. Also, the screen is full of swipey marks. :( I need to get a cloth to wipe it off.
computer|Got this for one of our service managers to use in the field. He's using his cell as a wifi hotspot and is thrilled with the laptops stability and usefulness.I paid $999 and was one of the first to get one - It's a bummer they are down to $939 now and on sale for $799 at Staples.Update 4/2/11The unit we were using at the office is not being used. Being Windows 8, it ended up not being compatible with the SAGE ACT! 2012 software we use.I bought a second S230u for my wife to use at home. It is constantly dropping it's wifi connection in the middle of my wife's work causing her countless lost hours of productivity...I am just waiting to see how long she will tolerate it before she chucks it out a window.NOTE - this tablet is not compatible with any "pointy" stylus' and does not come with one. I bought 4 different stylus to try with this unit and only work a capacitive stylus will work. Drawing, filling out forms, detailed work, with a capacitive stylus is almost impossible.If you need the detail a good stylus can provide then you should check into the Lenovo X230 (includes stylus. I bit more expensive, but the screen and stylus interaction are awesome allowing our service managers to fill out forms in the field.I get the feeling the S230 is more of a consumer\casual user machine, while the x230 feels heavier duty and more appropriate for business use.
computer|Decent computer on the hardware side except for the fact that it's advertised to have "Up to a 7 hour battery" when all I've been able to get is 2.5 hours. In my opinion that's false advertising. Anyway, on the software side: Windows 8 is slow and glitchy, plus I find myself using the "desktop" most of the time anyway; thus, I'm thinking about going back to a Windows 7 machine because this is just pathetic.
computer|i just used the laptop for 3 times in 2 weeks then it died wont turn oncontacted lenovo no answer till now , need to be fixeddon't recommend cheap qualityadvise for you don't buy.update : I have found a reset button under the laptop , i press it for 1 second and every thing is fine now , no thanks to lenovo support , and thanks to the guy in Germany (Kormo) in lenovo forums .update 2 : I am sorry but the laptop died again , i am so Upset with this company , i think because the laptop battery was not charging for a long time , it started Automatically , and after charging it start again then after a full charge died again , really really Annoying
computer|This laptop is great overall but the hard drive in it is slow sometimes where the laptop may hang for a short moment when it is moved. I replaced the hard drive with SSD to solve this probelm
computer|This computer fits by need to bounce back and forth between a laptop and a tablet. The auto-rotate can be a little hard to control, even with an updated fix, but overall, this is a great, light, compact netbook with tablet capability.
computer|Not bad for a dual core. Do not upgrade to windows 8 pro it will screw all software up. Did this to get media center and had to do a recovery to revert back to windows 8. Recommend creating a recovery drive right from the start. I did mine with an 8 gig USB memory stick and it paid off. Works great now after doing all Lenovo software updates that pro would not support. Windows 8 leaves alot to be desired, They just threw this operating system together to try to copy Android and left the users to figure it out, which takes a little time. Andriod ice cream sandwich with a drive this big would have been the perfect marriage for this machine. Do not believe the battery life, I get about 2.5 hours using display brightness at about one half max. Screen resolution is nothing to brag about but good enough to surf the net or watch a movie on, which is fine for a screen this size. Screen rotation is very sluggish about 5 seconds. This book also gets warm but not hot when sitting on your lap or any type of fabric than can block the air intake that later down the road could cause hardware failure. Some of the pro's however are it is very comfortable and very light weight for a bigger screen compared to tablet size.The sound on this machine is extremely loud campared to any tablet or small laptop that I have seen, with a built in equalizer.A little tinny but loud. Also the two full size usb 3 ports are good for transfer rate, 350 gigs transfered in about 1 hour with this processor. Very flexable viewing configuration,Startup was about 7-8 seconds. Bluetooth also works great and no pairing required(Windows 8 did improve this from 7)nice size on screen keyboard,SD card reader port,Flash reader port,Ethernet port,Mini hdmi port,Headphone jack,Kensington lock. Had this for 1 week and am going to see if I am going to send it back or keep it. After 1.5 weeks, I am sending it back. Like other reveiws here the screen brightness goes dim then bright for no reason, even with the power management set at full. Also the touch screen is very eratic. Sometimes it is responsive other times it will not even detect untill you have to screw around with it. This is a great concept, but I don't think it is worth the money spent. Lenovo support was not impressive either. Out of 4 calls there was only one tech who was friendly and helpful. Good volume, Great concept, But very lacking in stability and longevity.
computer|I bought this laptop because I needed something that was tablet at times and other time a laptop.Lenovo is an excellent piece of equipment with reliability and sturdy nature.I am missing a stylus to work easy. that's the one thing that I was longing for and didn't get in this convertible laptop.
computer|So, I was looking for a tablet to bring with me to work, when I stumbled across this beauty. Went to Staples and the associate was trying to sway me away from purchasing it. Implying the the twist breaks easy, pushing a Staples extended warranty...Was thinking about the Yoga 13 but I don't like how the keyboard is exposed. Ended up purchasing the twist anyways, and I'm so glad I did! Just hope it doesn't drop by a few hundred in the coming months, will kick myself in the rear!I love this Ultrabook for the mere fact that it has a Windows operating system, not the RT version. So, I can download all my software and go. Out with Apple iPad...Lenovo is about to take the industry by storm!Can't say enough good things about this product, a must have for those looking for a portable tablet!
computer|The whole family is loving it.Pros: Thinkpad keyboard and Touchpoint Nice bright touch screen Thin and lightCons: So-so battery life 1366x768 screen resolution
computer|I must say at first blush the laptop is extremely flexible and fast. However Staples says it has a 500 GB hard drive at 5400 rpm, not so, 7200 rpm with a 24GB Samsung SSD, (good). Also says 4 GB 1600 MHz DDR 3 ram, not so 4GB ram hard wired to motherboard at 1333 MHz, (not good).I can live with that and the plastic screen frame, body magnesium, but the built in battery even on low settings just does not come close to 7 hours. The power needed for the core i5 alone would kill it in 7 hours, no screen, hard drive, ram, wifi, etc...(BAD).One other thing, probably easy to fix if you can eventually get to anyone in customer service, for this machine. Is the warranty date is the ship date from the factory in China, not when you bought it. Mine built 10/15 date 10/17, I bought 11/05.I really wanted to like this machine, and is probably better than the Yoga's fractured small SSD, but still has too many flaws to recommend at the time. Shame speed, versatility, and IPS screen even at standard resolution just not enough, to get over the other issues.Recommend to hold off till fixed, or version 2 comes out!
computer|I work in software and spend most of my time on my laptop. I'm super familiar with computers and know all the shortcuts and keystrokes. I worked with this laptop for a week before I finally gave up and returned it. Here's why:*Screen Too Sensitive- The screen is too sensitive and continually changed my page when I didn't want it to. While I was working my screen would be changing around and re-sizing when I didn't want it to.*Awkward Touchscreen- The touchscreen works okay for larger tiles, but when you want to point at something small, it doesn't seem to line up with what you are trying to touch.* Mouse too Sensitive- When I used the mouse, if I moved too quickly it assume I was doing a gesture and changed my screen size, changed the page or clicked on something I didn't intend. Moving quickly to the right (a common move with a mouse) would change to the next screen. I was continually having to adjust back to what I was doing.* Win8 Gestures Don't work well- The gestures that Windows 8 does have built in (close window in a swipe from the top, view all windows in a swipe from the left) didn't really work in this laptop. I would do them again and again and still it would do something I didn't intend.*Tough to Turn Screen- I bought it for the ability to turn the screen around, but it was really tough to do. It only turns in one direction and the arrow for which direction to turn the screen is only one side. I kept trying to turn it the wrong way.*Slow to Turn On- When you open the laptop, I expected it to turn on right away. For some reason it would only do it half the time. The rest of the time I would wait, hit the power button and eventually it would come on.*Working with Lenovo is not fun. While not available on Amazon, I ordered the 256GB SSD from Lenovo's website. Lenovo didn't tell me that hard drive wasn't actually available and changed my order to a 128GB SSD without telling me. This was indicative of my whole experience with Lenovo- emails had broken links and incorrect information, customer service lied that their server was down when I tried, but new emails on different dates also had broken links. When I gave feedback that I had bad service, they tried to justify their poor performance. Even customer service to return the laptop didn't listen to anything I said and just followed a script. I wouldn't ever order from Lenovo again. My feeling is that if customer service is so poor, it makes me wonder about the quality of their devices.
computer|I'm not the type to write long reviews, but for this laptop I had to! I've been using this laptop for a few days now and absolutely love it. I am a very "techy" person and did A LOT of research before coming to my decision to purchase the Lenovo Twist. I did not want to settle with Windows RT or an Intel ATOM processor because of the limitations. That being said: I saw a few reviews complaining that the screen rotation and the touchpad mouse was very glitchy and did not work properly. I have not had any problems whatsoever. This laptop looks very good in person, a lot of video reviews I saw made the laptop look bulky and "old". It is absolutely beautiful with the matte finish (I'm a huge fan of matte black)The touch screen is very responsive and feels good to touch. It is a 5 point touch meaning that it can recognize 5 fingers at once. The overall laptop performance is great, from a cold startup it takes about 10secs or less to hit the start screen. I am able to download games that has high requirements such as speed and graphics, and this laptop worked perfectly. I downloaded multiple items while playing a game and it did not slow down the computer at all which is very impressive. Also I made sure to install every update possible before using the laptop. Windows 8 does take a little time to learn everything but once you got it, it will be the best os you ever used. The Microsoft store had a lot of apps, actually more than I expected and they are adding more and more. I was surprised to find a lot of my apps I currently use on my iPhone was available in the Microsoft store, so I was easily able to sync a lot pictures, files, etc.The only downfall is the battery, this does not bother me because I am always near an outlet, but if you are a person that is always on the go and not always near an outlet, this may not be for you.Overall this is hands down the best laptop purchase I have ever made and I definitely recommend this.UPDATE 1/14/2013So this is an update to my previous review above. As much as I wanted to love this laptop I can't. It is very slow and laggy. I needed something that is fast and reliable especially when doing school work on it. 3 hours of battery life is something that I cannot deal even though I am home mostly. For over $800 this machine could definitely been way better then it is. I've updated every possible driver and made sure everything was up to date. But still not good enough. I do not think it is something wrong with my laptop because I recently bought the acer iconic w700 windows 8 laptop and is was also very slow and laggy and impossible to do continuous work without getting frustrated because of the freezing. Windows 8 is fun to play with but overall needs a lot of work.Not keeping either one Sadly!!
computer|The transition to this from my old simple PC was a bit frustrating but overall this is a great product and I would recommend it. The more I use it, the more I like it. The touchscreen feature is great (except for the need to constantly remove fingerprints). I love the it is very light and fits into a bag easily for traveling. Good battery life.
computer|I bought this from Staples. First thing that bothered me was that the memory is soldered onto the motherboard. The descriptions leave you with the impression that the memory is upgradeable and it's not.Second of all the battery life is atrocious. I used all Lenovo's recommended settings and could only get about 3.5 hours of battery life out of this laptop. This is a deal breaker as I wanted to use this on airplane trips.Otherwise if you're going to use this as your primary desktop machine, or you don't mind being tethered to an electrical outlet in your living room, this is a pretty good machine. Great keyboard, bright display and extremely fast. The touch screen was extremely responsive too and worked great while flipped into tablet form.Unfortunately I ended up taking mine back simply because the battery, which is not easily replaceable, just didn't last long enough.
computer|I had a whole host of issues with this product:1. Light kept changing brightness every few seconds without my doing anything2. Sound didn't work3. Mouse cursor was constantly flickering4. Touch screen didn't work5. It would take forever for the screen orientation to change when computer was rotated6. A program would be exited spontaneously without my doing anything.I sent my computer in for repairs after speaking with a few technical support people.A week later, they returned my computer, with a replaced motherboard.All issues but (3) above were addressed by that replacement.However, after that, I started having another issue: I would get a message, every five minutes, saying that the Windows needs to be activated and that the serial number that was in there was invalid.I started calling Tech Support again, and spoke with a bunch of different representatives, none of whom knew what to do. Eventually, after wasting hours and hours of my time, I demanded to speak with a manager, who suggested that it would be most wise for me to either get a refund for the computer or get a replacement, and promised to escalate my case to the appropriate individuals.In a couple days, I got a phone call from another manager, who repeated what the first manager said, and asked whether I would prefer a refund or a replacement. At that point, I said that a refund would be best, because I had no desire to deal with their customer service anymore. He said that he would forward my case to the top tier manager who would send me all the information that would be required to get the refund processed.The next day, I received a phone call from the top tier manager, Kelly, as promised. She left me a voicemail, the content of which can be summarized as follows: "I don't understand the issue, you should not be having this issue, and for that reason, we're not going to replace the computer or refund your money". I received the voicemail a couple hours before catching a plane to go on a business trip abroad for several weeks. After I called her back, she repeated all of this, completely contradicting everything her fellow representatives had told me earlier. I demanded to speak to her manager, to which she said: "if you want to proceed, you will have to deal with me; otherwise, I will close the case". The conversation got heated; Kelly was obnoxiously rude and unprofessional, and probably the most inappropriate person to work in Customer Relations Management, which was her department. I had to run catch my plane, so decided that I would call back once I'm back in the country.When I called back, I spoke with a technician who told me that my case had been closed. Thankfully, that technician had been quite helpful and offered me to send back the computer to have it looked at again. It's not quite a refund or a replacement, but I will take what I can get from this horrendous company.I will never buy a Lenovo again neither for personal nor for business use. I can't deal with defective products, technicians who are (despite being friendly) largely unhelpful, and customer relations managers who are beyond unprofessional. And I hope that Lenovo reevaluates having people like Kelly on their team, because if the likes of her manage customer relations, they will soon run out of customers.
computer|I have had the Twist now for about a week and a half and so far it is everything I needed and more. I am a full-time doctoral student working on my dissertation and am also a semi-professional musician. I also work part-time for the chief assessment officer at my university on "special projects" which generally involve working with large data sets in MS Access and Excel. I consume some media online but I'm more of a productivity geek. Prior to this I was using an iPad in a Clamcase, which turns the iPad into an ultrabook similar to a small Yoga. Like the Twist and the Yoga, it allows you to use the iPad in display mode (keyboard side folded down) and of course like a netbook. I used my iPad as a virtual guitar amp as well... this is one area where the iPad really shines since there are so many pro or near-pro quality music apps which take advantage of Apple Core Audio. I also have a traditional 15" Windows laptop which I used for all my school stuff as well as for multitrack recording. The main weakness I found with the iPad, which is the reason I didn't upgrade to the newer one, was that I had major difficulty doing anything which required sharing large files, manipulating and editing Office documents (I have one of the better Office-like apps on the iPad but it's still not the real thing), etc. At the end of the day what I really wanted was a full-on computer in a tablet format. And while Apple is superior for any kind of music processing, Office on the Mac isn't nearly as powerful as in Windows for obvious reasons. And Apple doesn't make a MacBook Air which folds into a tablet; again for obvious reasons.I considered all the convertible ultrabooks including the Dell and Asus, as well as the Yoga, but settled on the Twist because it has a traditional sized HDD. I did not want to be continually working in the cloud or having to onload or offload large files to free up space on a SSD. I also liked that the Twist has a small SSD for Windows cacheing which makes it much faster and also reduces audio dropouts when recording or doing any other music processing. I had also considered Lenovo's X230t, which has the same form factor as the Twist, and is a bit more rugged, but it does not have the dual drives like the Twist does.I lucked out and got the i7/8GB RAM version for just $100 more than what Amazon is selling the i5/4GB version on a Lenovo Cyber Monday doorbuster sale. If you need the extra RAM this is the way to go because RAM is NOT upgradeable in the Twist (it is on the X230t). While the i5 would have been fine, I really need the extra RAM for music processing. If I were only running Office and other regular productivity software then the i5 and 4 GB RAM would have been sufficient. I do not recommend ordering directly from Lenovo unless you are customizing your laptop or taking advantage of a great sale like I did. I waited several weeks for my order as a result.Now that it is here, I am hardly using any of my other devices. I am running Amplitube 3 for my virtual guitar amp and it is so much cleaner than the amp sims I was running on my iDevices (including the iDevice version of Amplitube). Latency can be an issue with Windows devices but this machine is so fast that I have almost no latency and no cracks, pops, or dropouts. It is even more solid than my iPad was in this area. I haven't recorded a session on this yet but I have no doubt it will do fine.Others have mentioned battery life and I'm not getting nearly the 7 hours that Lenovo claims. Since this barely meets ultrabook standards and is otherwise a full-on computer (doesn't have an Atom processor, has a traditional HDD, etc.) I'm not surprised. I'm getting anywhere from 4.5-5 hours max. However, back on the iPad I was using the 30 pin digital out (or Lightning on the newer devices) for music processing, not the headphone jack which was extremely noisy and prone to feedback. This meant that I could not charge and use the iDevice at the same time, which limits how long my music sessions can go. There are adapters out there that let you charge and use at the same time but they do not work when you are using a music processing or other full duplex app. I WANTED the capability to have my device plugged in and running at the same time. And now I have it. If I'm ever in a more mobile situation (air travel, etc.) then I'll get one of the many laptop rechargeable batteries like the Energizer XP18000 for peace of mind. I'm just happy the battery life is better than my "big" laptop.I also have the same capability to fold this into display mode as I did with my ClamCase. And while the Clamcase is one of the few iPad BT cases with traditional scissor keys, the keyboard on the Lenovo is obviously superior. I'm happily and comfortably typing this review on the Twist. I like having a trackpad and touch capability at the same time. It really is the best of both worlds.Since I have Windows 8 on my other laptop, I have no problem sharing files between the two devices. This means that I can work on my dissertation, collect documents, and share files back and forth without all the hassle I used to run into with the iPad. Files are formatted exactly the way I want them and they stay that way.The touch screen isn't as nice as on the iPad, but it is certainly more than sufficient for Windows 8. It has a bit more glare than I would like but supposedly there are anti-glare screen protectors out now for the Twist.Also note that WWAN is not available (yet) for the Twist. There is a SIM card slot in the unit and the manual includes instructions in upgrading to WWAN. Supposedly it will be in the same slot as the SSD so if I wanted WWAN I'd have to give up the SSD cache. So if you need any kind of cellular capabilities on board the unit rather than via a separate mobile hotspot you may want to look elsewhere.The Twist is a keeper. But you have to make sure it meets YOUR needs first. Don't expect a tablet that happens to be a laptop too. If you expect that, or if you consume a lot of media, you may be disappointed. But if you want a highly portable productivity device at a decent price, it outshines almost anything else out there. If Apple made a MacBook Air convertible, then Apple would give Lenovo a run for their money. But they don't, and they won't. Thus I bid Cupertino adieu, at least for now.
computer|I will agree with the others on how much I like this computer and their reasons why. I got this at Staples 3 days ago. With the brightness set at 80% and the auto dimming feature turned off because it would randomly dim for about 12 seconds every 3-6 minutes, I'm only getting 2 1/2 hours on the battery lie. I've done two complete discharges. I will be talking to Lenovo tech tomorrow to see if it can be fixed over the phone. If that doesn't work I'll exchange it for another. I hope it's just a bad one, I really like it. With the free Win8 Start Button download it's just like Win7 in desktop mode. Metro start screen is great also when using a track ball set with high sensitivity, just one swipe of the thumb on the ball and the curser is in the corner, plus using my fingers. I don't know why anybody uses a mouse anymore, too much arm movement and I can't use a mouse on my knee, bed covers, a plane very easily or a cluttered desk. I like the Logitech M570 Wireless Trackball. I will update this within week.Update 11/2/12 Well it must be bad, tech couldn't help to extend the battery life. My Battery Bar program shows I have 42 watts to use and the computer seems to consume 10-13 watts. That seems to be the problem. Even when I dimmed the screen to 10% it still drew that much power, must be a bad power supply?Besides I'm returning it instead of replacing it because the screen resolution isn't 1080 which doesn't bother me on the twist's display but it is also not 1080 when I connect to my big-screen tv. Even my cheap 2 yr old $275 Asus EEC PC transmits 1080 to an outside source. I'll just wait for the Transformer Book next year, it will have the I5,I7 core chip. I want a tablet which is my main home computer that powers my 1080 big screen tv and to travel with and read books. I don't play games or need power for graphic rendering programs.
computer|I've only had this machine a few days but find it so easy to use. Windows 8 is coming along nicely and I have only a few issues with the laptop.1) The screen goes dark and then bright for no reason.....I solved this problem by going to the Lenovo website and download the fix for the ambient light sensor. Problem solved.2) No caps lock warning light. Not a major issue although when you've been typing for a while then look at the screen and it's all capitals it can be very frustrating.Apart from these minor issues I have no complaints about this laptop. Any new computer will take time to update relevant software like adobe etc. Will always have the issue of downloading the new drivers for your relevant devices and trying to keep the new windows OS up to date (always an issue) but I have found this laptop quite a pleasure to use. It's small and compact. The screen swivels easy enough and I find the touch screen very easy to use. The windows 8 shortcuts have mostly been found through trial and error but when I find something new it's nice and exciting.I have lots of photos and when viewing them the laptop seems seamless unlike my last computer. I really haven't found anything on this computer that I don't like but it's only been a short time. FINGERS CROSSED!!!Had this computer a few months now and am now on my second. I sent my original back as the battery wouldn't charge. Lenovo customer service were good if not very informative and they eventually sent me a new laptop. Problem is I'm now having the same problems with this new machine. Battery is available but not charging. I also hate the mouse pad which does just what ever it wants to. The touchscreen some time loads and other times doesn't and i have to reboot several times. One day all my Apps work and then next they don't. The screen flicks darker and lighter when it wants to.Basically I've just had enough of this machine. It's supposed to be fun to use but it's now just a nightmare and i hate hate hate it. Not sure what else i can say about this machine. I liked this laptop because of the hard drive but it's really not worth the effort anymore. Please give me my money back!!!!!!!!!!!!
computer|There are several bugs that I experience which caused me to return this laptop.1) Every couple of minutes the display will dim for a couple of seconds, regardless of whether or not it is plugged in. It's very distracting and this kind of bug is unacceptable.2) The Windows 8 software has potential. However, right now it is glitchy and leaves much to be desired. Internet Explorer in metro mode couldn't properly display a site that I regularly use (mint.com). Also, when I open a lot of tabs (which I tend to do) after about the 8th tab, it will start automatically closing older tabs without notification.3) When I pin tiles to the new metro start menu, they will disappear after a reboot, going to sleep, or even just going to the desktop. So I'll have to repeatedly add the tiles I use most (like google chrome)4) The battery life is not 7 hrs as advertised, but more like 3-4. This is well documented in other reviews.5) The auto-rotate is very buggy. Sometimes it will rotate, sometimes it won't. There is a button to lock the screen in its current position but that is very buggy as well. There is no light/on-screen notification to tell you whether or not it has been locked. This button has a mind of its own. Come to think of it, there are no caps lock, num lock, or scroll lock lights either...6) I know this is a business-oriented laptop, so this isn't a very valid complaint. However, I discovered that the sound is TERRIBLE. Not the speakers - laptops are permitted to have poor speakers as it comes with the territory. No, I'm talking about the plug in sound. It's AWFUL. The bass is non-existent. Songs sound very hollow. The difference was quite noticeable when switching between an older laptop I have. And speak of the devil, my screen just randomly dimmed!7) Again, a business-oriented laptop, but I didn't think the display was all that impressive in terms of resolution. Definitely not high-res.8) This is a little quirk that annoys me. The left ctrl button is normally at the furthest left-hand corner. Not on this keyboard. There's a different button. So when I use this button for a bunch of hotkeys, I find myself pressing the wrong button. Takes some getting used to. And my laptop screen just dimmed again! Clearly you can see that this happens with some frequency.I am sad to say that I would not recommend getting this laptop. I wanted to like it so badly, but alas, it fell short.
computer|Laptop appeared to have been used. The cord was is a package that had been opened. Fruit ninja was not installed and I would have to purchase it. I suspect that the hard drive was wiped then reinstalled. Windows journal doesn't work. Wish you could replace battery or add ram.
computer|I almost returned this laptop, but decided the pros outweighed the cons. Instead, I am choosing to compensate for for the weaknesses by spending more time and money than I should have to. I'm doing this because of the reasonable price (the same price or less than most similarly configured laptops that weigh more, don't have touch screens, and are not convertible), the quality of the product (solid, nice rubbery skin, finger-friendly keyboard sealed to prevent damage from spills, hard drive protected to minimize damage from dropping, 2 USB-3 ports, and more), the fact that it is a full-featured ultrabook AND a high-end responsive tablet, and the 4-mode convertibility.As an aside, it seems to me that the weirdness of Windows 8 - two operating systems existing simultaneously - makes perfect sense (but only makes any sense at all) on a machine like this that is both fully a laptop and fully a tablet. It's my only Windows 8 device and I would definitely NOT upgrade any of my non-touch screen devices to Windows 8.Cons:1. Battery - As many others said, I can't get more than 3 hours of battery life even after spending hours configuring all the options for power-saving and with modest power usage such as checking emails and word processing. The 7 hour claim is an outrage and really false advertising. The auto-power saving mode sets the screen so dim that you can barely see anything. All my work is international and I travel to Europe, Russia, or Africa about once a month. I have to have at least 5 hours of battery life. So I bought an external battery that will allow me to use it when the battery is dead and will recharge the battery at the same time. So essentially I have added another pound to the weight of the machine and a $100 to the cost (frowny face emoticon here). It cost $100 not $195 only because I found a great "Black Friday" deal. However, I should be able to get 9 hours out of it now (happy face emoticon here). You can't just carry an extra battery (which cost about $175) because to replace the battery requires taking the machine completely apart and if you do it yourself you will probably void the warranty. I feel pretty confident about these things, but I would take it to a certified repair place to replace the battery.2. No user manual. There is a "Hardware Maintenance Manual" available online which has some of the information you need, but not all, and a lot of information you don't need. It's evident that it was not written for the user.3. Can't add RAM...at least not easily. It is not in a slot but soldered to the mother board. As of now, the machine is very speedy and 4 GB is fine. However, if needed in the future after I have loaded on (too) many programs, it would be nice to be able to add RAM without having to do major surgery.4. Technical Support is inadequate. I couldn't get the tablet mode to work because the "lock screen rotation" button didn't work. Technical support was no help. They knew almost nothing about this machine and admitted it. The TS person told me that I knew more than he did about this machine. I assumed that it was broken and was ready to take it back when I finally found through a web search that I needed to update the Power Manager to a newer version. Here's the link in case you need it:[...]Now it works. How could they ship out this product with an essential function not working?Love is not just blind, but stupid. I apparently love this machine enough (conditionally, however) so that I am stupidly spending money that I shouldn't spend and time that I don't have to work around or compensate for the problems and to write this review. Hope this helps you.
computer|I'll keep this review focused on the hardware... Windows 8 is a whole other issue.The gyro sensor used to adjust the screen orientation is terrible and is not reliable. It does't rotate most of the time when you want it to, and other times it spontaneously rotates when it is sitting there in laptop mode. You will need to know the Ctrl+Alt+Up Arrow shortcut to get it to rotate back!! Annoying!Screen never rotates the screen orientation correctly in &#34;Tent&#34; mode. Lame.The &#34;Screen Lock&#34; button boggles my mind.. I'm not sure what it really does or how to use it. Sometimes in makes the screen flip upside down, sometimes you see an on-screen screen lock icon on/off status... You shouldn't need to research how a button works or what it does! Right?When in &#34;Tablet&#34; mode, the back of the screen hits the pointing device or something so the mouse moves around all by itself. Not cool.Battery life estimate is a HUGE LIE. You will get about 4 hours out of it with light usage (email, web browsing)... maaaybe 5 hours with really dim screen. Weak.Plugging in headphones does not mute the speakers! You have to search for the Realtek HD Audio Manager and toggle some advanced device settings EVERY TIME THE COMPUTER RESTARTS. Awkward library moments!&#34;Fn&#34; function key is located where the &#34;Ctrl&#34; key is located on most other major brands' keyboards. Pinky retraining required.That's about it... otherwise a great laptop!
computer|I had the keys of my Acer 11" laptop decide to stop working while away on a business trip. I use laptops primarily for work and I must be hard on the keys as this is the 2nd laptop I've had with problems with the keys. Anyway, the first thing that attracted me to the this Lenovo was the substantial key design, and next the screen, and "mouse functions". I have an iPad and a Kindle HD and I although I like tablets- I don't like typing on one and I still need the functionality of a full fledged computer that is also small enough to be portable. This seems to fit the bill in that I get the tablet plus. I am using it more like a laptop the majority of the time, and I have owned it less than a week.Has nothing to do with the laptop itself, but I don't like Windows 8 much so far- I may get used to it. I find myself using the Windows 7 part of it more than the new apps. I downloaded a Start Menu on the 3rd day- and since then I am much more comfortable using the computer. The main flaw with the computer that I have had so far is that the battery life is not great, especially when it is not in an energy saver mode. I don't like working on it in with a dimmed screen, so I am getting maybe 2 1/2 to 3 hours battery power using it for most of the day 12 hours+ at full brightness. I took off one star for this problem. I read others reviews within the first day of having it, so that allowed me to bypass some of the settings issues that others discuss. You have to go into settings to change the energy savings settings the computer is preset to dim every few minutes- which is annoying but not a flaw, just a setting. The other issue a few talked about is the touch screen left swipe being overly sensitive, and causing one to jump unintentionally to other programs. It is another setting that can be turned off- which I did. Ideally, Lenovo would eliminate the annoying settings and I am old fashioned- I'd like to get a paper booklet of instructions and not have to search my computer's hard drive for the owner's manual!
computer|
computer|I purchased two of these units for my wife and me from Staples a few days ago. We've both run them through enough of our routine work tasks that I can say I am officially in love. My rating is really a 4.5, but I choose to round up instead of down because, for me, the benefits outweigh the shortcomings.My wife and I are both Realtors with iPhones and we work full time off our two laptops from a home office. We are very mobile, meeting clients mostly in the field, at coffee shops, or at their homes, but do spend a lot of time at a desk, working in "desktop" mode. She's been bugging me for over a year to get an iPad. I've resisted because I don't view the iPad as a solution to any of our productivity issues, and I didn't want each of us to have a third device to deal with. Instead, I have been patiently waiting for the right Ultrabook, and the Thinkpad Twist is it.Is it big enough to work on full time?When we downsized from full PCs to fulltime 15.6 Laptops 3+ years ago, I was very worried about adapting to the smaller size keyboards and screens. It worked out just fine, but I have the same concern going from 15.6 inch screens to 12.5 inch screens, especially as we're both in our 50s now and don't see as well.For both of us, the Twist passes the size test, no problem. I can see just fine with the smaller screen. So can my wife. The keyboard is, surprisingly, actually better for me than the bigger laptop keyboard or even a full size desktop keyboard. I basically type with two finger (each hand) plus thumbs. So I'm having no trouble at all. All the keys I normally need and use are located well. I tried out some of the Surface Tablets in the Microsfot store in Austin, and, to me, the keyboard provided on this ultrabook is so much better than the keyboards available with the Surface that I wouldn't even consider trying to work full time on anything less.How is the Touchpad and Button setup?In my normal work desk area, I use a mouse, so no issues there. I plugged in the small usb plug and it set itself up in a few seconds and the wireless mouse was working, just like that. Easy. (As an aside, i've had no connectivity issues with my wireless printer, WiFi, Home network, Public WiFi either. Everything has connected seamlessly with no problem at all)However, as I type this in my favorite coffee shop, without a mouse, I'm still adapting to the touchpad and, specifically, the darned gestures that Windows 8 thinks I'm making, which constantly changes the screen to another app. I had no idea that I lightly graze the touchpad with my thumbs so often when typing, but I do, and I'll have to learn to stop that. Meanwhile, in the settings, I've told Windows to not change screens with "swipe from left". Instead, it now pops up a small left-side column of recently used apps, which is still annoying but not disruptive. I simply swipe from left again to close it, then carry on.The other bit of training I'm having to learn is the actual speed of motion when moving the mouse. Sometimes, when just moving the mouse left, it thinks it's a swipe because I moved too fast. I feel that I will continue to learn and adapt to the sensitivities of the machine and Windows 8.The other non-mouse issue is the buttons and clicking. I haven't used the red pointer at all, other than out of curiosity. Nor the pointer buttons at the top of the pad. Both the bottom left and right of the touchpad itself depress and act as "right click" and "left click". I find it easy enough to do this because this is where the buttons were located on my old laptop anyway. It's also easy enough to click and drag when dragging and dropping files from one folder to another, or when dragging windows to one side or the other to set up split screen view of two different windows.Finally, my wife hasn't experienced one single instance of the "accidental swipes" changing her screen. She's oblivious to what I'm even talking about when I ask her. She uses all fingers to type and her thumbs don't flop around the touchpad like mine, and I guess she uses kinder, gentler movements of the mouse. So, this issue will vary from user to use I feel.Does it get too Hot?I read some reviews complaining about the heat so I'll address that quickly. Running side by side next to my old Dell Studio 15 laptop, the two systems produce exactly the same amount of heat. I don't think the ThinkPad produces too much heat, and I wouldn't have thought to even mention it had I not read about it in so many other reviews. In tablet mode, yes, I can feel that it's hotter in one area in back than the other, but no more so than my daughter's iPad that her school provides, which I held for comparison. To me, this isn't an issue.How is it in Tablet Mode?I spent a couple of hours yesterday in tablet mode. This is actually my first Tablet, so I have nothing to compare it to (oter than iPhone). And I spend more time producing than consuming content on my computer, but I really enjoyed reading news, swiping through articles, etc. I don't play games so I didn't try any of those and can't comment about that.The system was responsive and quick. The screen easy to read (though it randomly dims temporarily every now and then), and I found it easy to learn the gestures and movements needed to navigate through apps and content. It was especially wonderful watching sports news videos. I tried an app where I could draw with my finger. Not my thing, but it seemed to work just fine for those who want to create/draw or annotate photos or documents in that manner.The real tablet-mode test will come later as my wife wants to replace paper printouts with pdf files of sales listings when showing properties. Many Realtors do this with iPads, and I imagine this will be accomplished on the Twist in tablet mode with a pdf app of some kind.How is the portablility?This is one of the things we will enjoy most. This computer is very small and thin. My wife can actually slip it into one of her larger purses instead of lugging the bigger, heavier laptops we had. We will be travelling for 5 days next week and will put them through the real life travel test then, but already I can tell this is going to be a very easy unit to carry around and work with, especially having WiFi hotspots built into our phones.Do Legacy Windows Programs Run OK?This is more of a W8 questions, but I do have two legacy desktop software applications that I need to run, which is another reason I ruled out an RT tablet, and they both run fine in desktop mode.Did you look at the Lenovo Yoga?Yes, but ruled it out because the hard drive is too small (way smaller usable hard drive space than the specs suggest) and the keys are exposed at bottom in laptop mode (though disabled). Also, the Twist can assume all 4 positions of the Yoga, so I personally saw a destinct advantage with the Twist. Finally, I wanted a business-oriented build and design, and the Thinkpad is built for business (though I think a home user might also find it a better entertainment machine as well).Overall, three days in, I'm very pleased. More importantly, my non-techie wife is very happy with hers as well. I'm especially pleased about having been patient and waited so long for the right combination of form factor and utility. This unit really hits the right note for me as a mobile professional. I never bought into the "tablet only" solution. Twist offers both a full fledge windows machine with real keyboard, and a useful tablet for uses better suited to a tablet factor. It has real posrts and connectivity to other hardware. It hits a real sweet spot for me. It's not "too small" as a 12.5" laptop, and not "too big" as a 12.5" tablet. Perfect!If I left anything out (which I'm sure I did), feel free to ask.EDIT: I've reduced my Review star score to 3 stars.After writing the initial review, different problems started showing up. For my wife, the best description would be "Bloatware Gremlins", constantly pestering and prompting her to click this, install that. She kept getting popups for all different things. I have no idea what she did but her IE started freezing up regularly and she started having intermittent issues. On our business trip, she ended up not able to use the computer, but used mine.For me, I guess I'm not as susceptible to the Bloatware Gremlins, and swat them away without thinking much about it, but I did eventually find the "dripping" out of these prompts and popups to be annoying. Also, my Lenovo Service Window box would remain open constantly and I couldn't get it to close. When I closed it, it would open right back up. I called support and they couldn't find the record of my warranty or registration, even though I could type it in at their website and it confirmed as being a registered computer under warranty. The trouble ticked was "escalated", yet I never heard back from anyone, and still haven't to this day.Finally, I was experiencing intermittent flickering of the screen in tablet mode. I'd have to turn off the unit and restart to get it to stop. And the screen would not rotate properly from landscape/portrait mode at times. Also, direct sunlight on the screen seemed to cause problems.I could probably have worked through the issues on mine eventually, but my wife and I always use identical computers in our business/usability, and she was unwilling to keep trying to deal with her unit. With the 14 day return window almost up, I decided to take them back. The lady at Staples said someone else had returned theirs that day also, with some sort of hard drive issue.
computer|I own several laptops (HP, Dell, Toshiba) and for my son's college laptop, I've looked at all competing laptops (HP, Samsung, Intel, Toshiba, Sony, etc.) and compared them multiple times at the store before deciding on the Twist. Once I have fine tuned the screen adjustments and some other minor functions (see below), and turned off the bloatware programs, it has functioned flawlessly. I could not be happier - this is a great portable laptop with a VERY, VERY, VERY, PRETTY SCREEN.At $700-800, there is *absolutely* nothing like it on the market at this price point: thin ultrabook, IPS touchscreen (don't get Win 8 without touchscreen), 3rd gen. i5, good sized combo HDD/SSD, keyboard with deep travel. Read on for details below.The laptop is fairly thin at 0.78 inch and at 3.5 lbs is a reasonable compromise for size and weight for a college laptop. It has magnesium construction and nice gorilla glass, and all the exposed metal surfaces feel warm & smooth, almost like a rubberized finish. It is sleek and modern looking, and feels very nice to the touch (Sony S for example has cold and cheap feeling metal surfaces). I should add that besides functionality and computing power, I place emphasis on 2 parameters that not everyone may pay attention to: the feel and feedback of the keyboard, for my son the college student - go Sagehens, and the quality of the display, as we both are avid photographers (he's more artistic but I am more "nutty" :-)).Battery life for current Intel i5 laptops with non Solid State disk drive and touchscreen (consume more energy) tend to be around 4-5 hours, and this laptop in that aspect is par for the course. Sorry it's not 7 hours and it's not going to be like a tablet. Since I don't want to forego the touchscreen feature and want to keep cost low (HDD as opposed to SSD), I accepted this.Resolution: I actually prefer resolution of 1366x768 for these smaller screens; 1600 would make text and everything too small for these smaller screens. (You could increase text size through display settings but that's not ideal - pictures on web sites become blur, etc.)3 primary reasons that I picked this laptop, besides the reasonable cost:1. The excellent IPS TOUCH SCREEN WITH FANTASTIC picture quality/saturation/contrast/viewing angle. This is one of very few ultrabooks, and by far the least expensive, with an IPS panel (google "IPS screen" to find out). If you are into photography, you *will* love this screen; it puts 99% of other laptops' screens to shame, particularly those HP and Sony ultrabooks with their very washed-out screens. Note that it's not just the pictures that pop, text on the Lenovo IPS screen is smoother and seems easier to read as well. Comparing to a Sony S series that I have next to it, the difference is remarkable.Lastly, don't buy any Windows 8 machine without a touchscreen, it does change how you interact with the computer.2. BEST KEYBOARD BY FAR of all ultrabooks. Thin laptop computers tend to have lousy keyboard with very little depth travel (HP, Sony, etc.). Lenovo Twist has outstanding Thinkpad-class keyboard, with great tactile feedback and deeper travel than all ultrabook class laptops that I have tried.3. Why I picked Lenovo Twist over the also excellent Lenovo Yoga: First, the considerable cost difference between the 2. Second, keyboard doesn't get exposed when in tablet mode like Yoga. Regarding the keyboard, for me, the Twist's keyboard has better layout and is better than that of the Yoga when it comes to the feel/feedback/travel of the keys. Yoga's right shift and back space keys are **half-sized** and that bothers me. Third, the Yoga with 128 gb SSD has very little HD space left for anything, and the one with 256 is way too expensive at this point. Lastly, the Twist is smaller and more portable and hence better for my son's intended use in college (YMMV). To me, size wise the Twist strikes a perfect balance for a hybrid laptop-tablet combination; not too big as a tablet, not too small as a laptop.HOW TO MAKE LIFE WITH THIS LAPTOP EASY: first thing to do when you get the Twist is to type "update" at Metro screen then "enter" to let the system update itself; the original software has a few teething problems particularly with the rotation function. Second, thanks to Win 8 there are several duplicate controls for adjustment of power settings, auto dimming, and screen brightness adjustment that drove me absolutely nuts until I had things figured out. For example auto dim brightness is adjusted by at least 2 independent algorithms: one that operates by sensor (auto dim according to ambient light - turned off by "Change PC Settings" in Windows 8) and one that operates through the power management - turned off or adjusted by clicking on the battery icon. Similarly, brightness and power management are set by using either "Graphics Property" which gives you the Intel Graphics Control Panel, or by clicking on the battery icon to enter power management.Some fine tuning "tricks" that have helped me:***Type "update" on Metro screen to update to latest Lenovo's software/firmware change. This will update the flawed auto-rotation function that comes loaded from factory.***You must turn off the auto dim function that adjusts to ambient light, or it will likely drive you crazy. On Metro screen, wipe from right side, then "Settings," then "Change PC Settings" at right lower corner, then "General," then scroll down to "Screen," then turn off "Adjust my screen brightness automatically."***There is a second auto dim function that's related to power saving, in the Power Options->Change Advanced Power Settings if you want to get rid of that too.***I actually turn off "auto-rotation" in Control Panel->Display->Change Display Settings because I don't really have a need for it, however even after having turned this off, when I start twisting the screen auto-rotation does turn on automatically and this feature works fine.***Start Button for those who miss it - google for the "Lenovo Quick Launch."***To silent laptop speakers when you plug in a headphone: Control Panel-->Realtek HD Audio Manager-->Advanced Device Settings-->Click/check Multi-stream mode.***Lenovo Solution Center: Oddly enough, I found that if you scan both discs (Hitachi HDD and Samsung SSD) during the hardware check up part, you'll get a failure grade for the Samsung targeted read test. However if you scan the SSD only, then it passes the test. This is a bug in Lenovo Solution Center and I ignore the error message.***I also turn off all warnings and notifications from the bloatwares that come with this laptop from Lenovo, Intel, etc., so they don't keep popping up annoying messages.***Wipe-from-left-edge-to-flip-through-opened-programs/apps function: I turn this function off because I would accidentally activate it through the touchpad when I type and cause a different program to open.***Press "Windows key" and "x" at the traditional desktop screen to bring up critical functions like control panel, etc.***If you just start typing (any letter, anything) on Metro screen, you automatically activate search function for all apps and programs. Very convenient.UPDATE 2/5/2013: Continued to function flawlessly; son took it with him to college and loves it. The small size, lighter weight, and sturdy finish are a plus as he takes it to classes.
computer|If you want a light laptop with a touch screen under $1000 your options are limited right now. The Lenovo works great, has an hdmi, a great video card, and a 500 gb hard drive that is very quick. I have spent a good deal of time looking at computers and I think that this is the best one for windows 8. This computer has a plastic coating that makes it much more comfortable in cold weather. Most ultrabooks are exposed metal which can feel cold. Especially if you bring your laptop to bed. Twisting the screen and laying flat may be a gimmick to some, but turning the screen around and watching movies or touch games in bed, is perfect. And turning it flat for hands on picture editing stabilizes the screen. So if you are an average person, this is the computer of your dreams. P.S., I typed this using the Lenovo touch screen keyboard, much faster than an iPad.
computer|Bought this a week ago (Oct 27) and also bought the new Lenovo 13.3 in Yoga Ideapad at BBuy to see which I would like the best and keep. Thinkpad Twist won out even though the Yoga had some better features like longer battery and full 16:9 widescreen and was a little thinner though the weight was the same at 3.5 lbs. The Twist has the traditional Thinkpad keyboard with mouse joystick and buttons above the touchpad while the Yoga had a bigger all touch intelligent touchpad but I liked having the actual conventional mouse buttons as I am more comfortable with traditional mice as a longtime user.I also liked the huge 500gb harddrive as I learned the 128gb SSD on the Yoga only had 39gb free on the C drive and 23gb on D drive after Lenovo reserved space and win 8 system and software. I also just liked the Twist's fold down screen better for lap work or play as a tablet though the Yoga total fold back screen was cool too. I liked the Twist more for ports too with both hdmi and minidisplay ports so I can connect to any type of monitor, not just one with hdmi. I also liked it having two USB 3.0 ports over Yogas one 3.0 and one 2.0. I would prefer them both on the same side instead of opposite but hey, they are both hi speed.Sound quality is great and it has dual mics for group discussions like conferencing. Again, this is why this baby is very useful to people in business as well. The twist exterior skin almost feels rubbery and not smooth like the Yoga (which is beautiful) and is less likely to slip in my hands. The Twist is really a business oriented ultrabook versus what I think is just a consumer oriented one like the Yoga seems to me. It has Lenovo Busines Solutions Software which several utilities built in good for business people. The Twist also has a SIM card port for future connectivity too the Yoga did not have even though the cost was over $200 more. It has TPM enterprise security built in too.I just love Win 8 and the overall feel and utility the Twist gives me and feel it is the best choice of the new Win 8 hardware released so far. I think Lenovo did a great job on both models but being an older long time PC and notebook user, I just felt more at home with the Twist and look forward to many hours with it.My only complaint is they state it has up to 7 hours battery, but I have learned that is only possible in power saving mode with dim screen, slower processing speed, and some port turn offs while my actual performance with settings I like are only giving me between 4 to 5 hours of use between charges while the Yoga I know would have given me maybe 2 hours or more battery time. Obviously, I love it and recommend both. It is a new day for computing with these ultraportables that also become tablets for fun and browsing.
computer|This is product which will revolutionize the market. I see people fiddling around with a Macbook Pro, an Ipad and maybe even add a Kindle just for the sake of argument. So the issue with this is these products have many overlapping uses. This product combines a laptop, tablet and an E-reader. The size is actually large enough for having split screen, for instance, writing a paper while surfing the web for info. Or making a powerpoint while surfing the web. however it is actually small enough to comfortably use as an ereader like a Kindle. I know because I had one and I decided to sell it after this. And I decided to sell my traditional ASUS laptop after buying this. Truth is, Windows 8 is REALLY GREAT, it combines the touch friendly usability of a tablet with the word processing ability of a laptop. I bought a android tablet which even had a keyboard, the Asus Slider. However word processing on it was terrible even after buying third party software. This thing you can either get open office or Microsoft Office.This product will replace your laptop, your tablet and your e-reader. I promise that. It even has a mini-hdmi cable so you can hook it up to a monitor and watch a movie.I highly recommend this product. Period.
computer|I have owned many laptops and netbooks. I started with the 15" models some years ago but found out they were too heavy to take on my commute to work. So I went to the netbooks and after different models I found out they were too small. My last netbook was a Acer 11.5" aspire. Great netbook but again after time the screen was too small to do excel sheets etc. Went to my local best buy store to check out the Lenovo yoga 13 but found the screen flimsy. Read the reviews on the twist and when Staples came out with a $699 model I jumped on it. I have had mine for a week now and here are my points:PROS:1. Great build (thin and sturdy)2. Best keyboard available3. Love the stick mouse (I disabled the mouse pad)4. Windows 8 is very stable (love it)5. Touch Screen works very well.6. Battery has improved (see updates)CONS:1. None for me!I do really enjoy having the larger screen (12.5") compared to my old netbook. Windows 8 is like having two operating systems. (a touch screen system and a windows keyboard system (like windows 7). Just press the winkey +D and you are into windows 7. Use Classic shell for your start button and you can copy all the items you used when you did have a start button to the bottom task bar or the classic shell start menu (see updates) Then press the winkey and you are at the start screen and with your mouse you can set the icons you wish to use. Still learning windows 8 but so far I find it very very stable. So far I have found no issues with windows 8.UPDATE 2-14-2013I wanted to share this in case someone else has the same problem. Used the lenovo thinkpad on my way to work on the train and while watchinig movies or playing music, I noticed the screen was freezing, audio glitching. Very annoying! I called Lenovo support and they showed me that the laptop has hard drive protection. (called air bag) And basically if it detects movement it will shut the hard drive down and then allow it to operate again if the vibration goes away. This is an easy adjustment (go to setting and in search type air) Works great now! it was set to high so it picked up all the movement on the train!UPDATE: 2-21-2013OMG, this computer grows on you! Windows 8 is stable, fun and fantastic. The wireless adapter is the best I have had on a laptop top. The battery is 3-4 hours but I found this was not a problem for me. Best laptop I have had to date and believe me I have had many! I changed my starts from 4 to 5!UPDATE 3-25-13Found that when my headphones were plugged in the sound still came out of the speakers!? Here is the fix:, go to control panel, then click on Realtek HD audo manager, click on the top right advance settings and select muli stream mode. Now the sound will switch from speakers to the headphones. Also really missed the start button while on desktop. I installed classic shell. It is a free program and is fantastic. It gives you the start button with plenty of settings!!!! I now have classic shell set so if I press the winkey it will automatically switch between the desktop and the windows 8 start screen. Very cool!UPDATE 4-2-13Found that the wireless adapter connects faster to my wifi if I remove the bluetooth icon from my startup folder and drag it into my classic shell icons for easy starting when needed. Now my wireless wi-fi connects instantly. Also found the intergrated camera wasn't working,(showed grey screen with a circle and a line through it) I had to google the fix, clicked into lenovo setting and went to camera and found it set on private mode!? Put it to normal and it works fine! Also went on a skiing trip to Canada BC. Its a 5+ hour plane ride and the screen on my seat was dead so I used the Lenovo thinkpad and it lasted the entire trip (watching videos and playing windows games with my granddaughter) I was so impressed I removed the battery life from my cons list! Will keep updating....
computer|I am sick of carrying around a laptop and a tablet, and this has been a great solution--I can use it as a tablet when I want to use a tablet, or I can use it as a laptop and do real work when I need to--Microsoft Office, visual studio. I can even run Itunes on it and play apple content or charge and sync an IOS device with it.Sure it is heavier than an ipad, but it is a lot lighter than many other laptops, and sure is lighter than carrying both a laptop and a tablet.I really like it.
computer|I bought this from Staples and not from amazon since it's not in stock yet, and staples is selling it for a 100 dollars less.The laptop is wonderful...And let me be a little a aggressive with those who are ,or will give negative input about it:It's a little heavy compared to other tablets, let's say the Microsoft surface, but these are in different classes ,and the buyer knows the weight before buying. So it's not a con and it's really not heavy.Screen resolution is not full HD but at the same time not bad..Again a specification every one should be aware of before buying...These are the two things that might be cons for someone....Now this is a lovely laptop and a nice tablet..The screen is very responsive for touch...The palm rests are very nice and have unique texture that makes you wants to use it...Very very fast...Memory and HDD can be changed and upgraded easily and Lenovo gives you the tips how to do it in their manual...Windows 8 is nice...Speakers have good volume...screen brightness is fantastic...Has a slot for SIM card which I did not try...Did I mention that it's fast..In fact I bought I Microsoft surface before it and ended selling the surface on eBay after I got the twist.I wish the screen has a 1920*1080 resolution, then it will be perfect.
computer|I purchased my Twist after looking at the Samsung Ativ Smart PC 500T. Both offer interesting approaches to the tablet/laptop hybrid at similar prices. I purchased my Lenovo on sale for $848 after tax, while the Samsung is $750 on Amazon. I decided on the Lenovo because A) it was available locally, and B) I wasn't sure if I wanted to lug around the keyboard dock on the Samsung, and it wasn't useable as a tablet with it attached. I have used HP elitebooks at work before so I knew how the Lenovo's hinge mechanism worked, and decided that was the better alternative for me. The Lenovo also offers the advantage in that it has a far more powerful Intel i5 CPU, while the 500T only comes with the Intel Atom Z2760. Both are dual cores at I believe 1.7GHz, and while I have not had a chance to use a device with this new atom I think it's safe to say the i5 is much more powerful (CPUBenchmark.net gives the i5 3317U a score of 3,211 vs 679 for the Atom Z2760. A side note, the 500T's big brother, the 700T, comes with the same i5 3317U CPU as the Lenovo Twist.This CPU is a huge advantage as it is pretty powerful for a laptop, but still runs very cool. I installed core temp and did the WEI benchmark, temps got to the mid 60's Celsius, but it never felt more than warm to touch. I'd had a Samsung Series 3 laptop with a i3 before, and in comparison that would get scalding hot compared to the Lenovo. Other components include an acceptable but loud 500GB @ 5400rpm hard drive, 4GB (upgradeable to a single 8GB slot) of DDR3 memory, and a 5 touch point screen that runs at a somewhat disappointing 1366x768 (720p). Windows 8 experience index is :6.9 for processor5.9 for Memory (RAM)4.4 for graphics (Intel HD4000)6.1 for gaming graphics5.9 for hard driveThe powerful CPU is definitely a plus, but to be honest the screen resolution is a little disappointing. The 700T offers full 1080p at 1980x1080 resolution. It'd be nice if the Lenovo at least offered 1600x900 as it is a ThinkPad which indicates its aimed towards business users. As mentioned before the hard drive is also a little loud, most of the time it isn't noticeable except when its frequently accessing the drive. A 128gb solid state drive (also used in the Samsung 700T) would be greatly appreciated and I can't imagine would add much cost, though I am sure some would prefer the larger space over speed/lower temps/quietier advantages of the SSD. In any case it's not too difficult to take out the old HDD and put an SSD in, same goes for upgrading the RAM to 8GB.The final complaint is in the screen, while it is responsive and works and looks nice it seems like it's a little underwhelming. For example, even the atom powered Samsung 500T offers the 10 point touch screen with wacom digitizer and stylus. Again, considering this is a business laptop, I think the Lenovo could benefit from this. Looking at the $300 premium of the 700T, maybe it's not worth the extra price to have an SSD, digitizer, and 1080p screen - but I doubt it'd really cost that much to add this hardware to the Twist. Afterall, the Samsung 700T is cramming all that PC hardware into the screen as the keyboard area is just an attachable dock, while Lenovo has the whole body to basically work around with. That said, I'm still happy with the Twist, I guess Lenovo just got me hooked and now I'll be buying the 1080p version with digitizer when it comes out.Edit: I noticed the IdeaPad Yoga solves most of the complaints I have about this Thinkpad, it has an SSD, higher res screen, not sure about if it's a 10 point or 5 point touch sensitive screen though. It's also quite a bit more expensive and I'm not sure I like how it converts between a tablet and laptop. I am surprised that an Ideapad has better hardware than a Thinkpad, a little disappointing.
