computer|I don't have so much requirement when choosing my laptop. All I want is lightweight, portable, and good looking. This product is just fit for me. Only thing that's not so satisfied is that the radiator fan works noisy. I recognized this when I was using it in the library, which is quite a quiet place, otherwise it would not be so apparent.
computer|It's lucky that the computer is so fast, otherwise I'd be spending hours uninstalling all of this sony vaio crap. It seems like it might be a nice laptop once I get it cleaned up. The touchpad seems to lag but I may just need to update the driver. I'm also going to put Ubuntu on here and see how well that plays.
computer|fan running at full speed even in BIOS/idle windows/etc. apparently this affects all machines of this type, and complaints all over the place. Yet Sony denies it. Please let me know if yours doesn't have fan at full speed all the time. Thanks.
computer|I am happy about this computer but thought it was white. The picture is misleading. It is a nice computer for the price. And it arrived fast.
computer|Its look is good and jaunty. it is very light. The appearance of it is nearly perfect. However it doesn't work. It says operating system not found. If you intend to use it for decorative purposes and not actually use it as a pc, I would recommend it to you. Please google "sony ultrabook" and "operating system not found" before deciding to buy it. The computer they sent you may not work properly and may be defective. It was a total disappointment for me.
computer|The computer was appropriate for my purposes, but a little bit expensive for my budget. Taking into account the $100 rebate offered by Sony, I thought I can afford this computer. I was expecting to get a $100 rebate from Sony, however, since I was not sent any receipt Sony did not accept my rebate application. I could not get my $100.
computer|I read all of the reviews of the Ultras and settled on this one. I used it for 2 days and then returned it. Two big negatives, first was a deal killer, no backlit keyboard, that was a real pain and limits when you can use it. Also, it seemed to run hot and the drive was spinning a lot more then I would expect for a ULight with a Solid State (partial) Drive (i.e. noisy and annoying). It also seemed a lot heaver then I would expect.I ended up buying a HP Envy4 1043CL at Costco - with the in-store $100 rebate it was basically the same price, same processor, same size SSD BUT - 3.86 lbs vs the 5.6 for this one. had an excellent backlight (easily turned on and off) keyboard and a 14 in screen vs the 13.3 for this one.
computer|The keyboard is way too sensitive. The cursor flies around, things get selected, zoom has a life of its own.Notifications are super annoying, it's never ending.
computer|I strictly advice to you: Don't buy this laptop until new bios update releases. Because cooling fans of this series are always working in spite of warm CPU etc.You can search any forum if you dont believe me. This series have a big defect.[...]Serious fan problem will disturb you if you insists to buy...
computer|my sony ultrabook ( t series) has a big fan problem as the others. I advice you strictly dont buy this laptop. although heating is ok, the fan is always working (and noisy) Sony never listens customers. Because we need a Bios update.[...]also amazon does not listen me. I am now out of country and they say that you have to send your laptop to USA to correct problem.. they are crazy. shipping cost is 200 usd.
computer|I haven't bought a laptop in 5 years, so obviously they have improved greatly since my last one. This is one way more sexier and sleeker than my old VAIO. Also, it is lighter, faster and the speakers are of superb quality. I could go on, but comparing my old laptop to this one is moot.PROS:- boots up super fast. I didn't count. I would say 3 seconds.- keyboard. It is spaced out well and easy to type on.- battery life is ab-average.- light and easy to take around.- HDMICONS:- two USB on the left side. Somewhat annoying and oddly placed.- mouse track pad thing is tricky. I wasn't used to it but control panel has a useful tutorial video.- Sony VAIO media toolbar that pops up at the top.- Antivirus program I don't care for. You can choose not to install and change reminder settings.Overall, great deal for a laptop that does what it claims to and more. There are so many choices with laptops. I chose SONY since my last laptop lasted for ever and I am familiar with the brand. But read through specs as there are quite a few models and series with the VAIO line.
computer|This little machine is surprisingly smooth and fast, solid built unlike other SONY models(e.g. SE Series).The speakers really impress me with high fidelity sound quality.
computer|OK, I will give a short review!For this laptop, anything is perfect except the fan noise!!! The noise makes me mad. The fan is working heavily even you are just browsing the internet, editing a word file. When I bring it to library, everyone can hear the noise and look at me. Embarrassing!!!This is a very common problem, you can search "Sony T13 Fan Noise", you will find so many complaints. I am not an computer expert, but obviously, Sony needs to release a BIOS update. Or I will return this!One star is not fair for this laptop. However, I rated it as one star in order to remind people "Stay away from this laptop if you do not like noise!"
computer|Solid machine, fast enough for daily web browsing, lightweight gaming, light media processing. Does not overheat easily, but place on flat, smooth, hard surface for maximum ventilation. Comes with a lot of VAIO crapware that takes a while to remove.Fast boot and sleep functions.External features:Left: power, two USB3 portsRight: ethernet, VGA, HDMI (incl. audio), SD/MMC, headphone jack (no mic jack)Removable battery cover reveals extra RAM slot (2GB max I believe)Two speaker holes on the front panelWebcam and mic located above screenFn (right of the left Ctrl button) controls touchpad, volume, brightness, ext display, numlk, scrlk, page navigationThree extra buttons: Assist (does nothing), Web (opens web browser), VAIO (customizable)Touchpad is like the new macbook: one large surface, tap/press to click, programmable right-click regionComes with synaptics software, multi/gesture support
computer|Bought this not 2 weeks ago and the battery failed, among other things. I am a student and don't have time to go tinkering around trying to fix it so I am sending it back.Pros: Looks nice, keyboard is okayCons: It is loud even when I have just turned it on.Sometimes it takes a while to load things, and for you Linux lovers, it doesn't run ubuntu 12.04 very well and glitches a lot. It glitches worse on VirtualBox than running it dually. The mouse is a touch sensitive pad where you tap twice to click yet doesn't work and sometimes highlights things instead of selecting.Biggest Con: For some reason, when you turn the Caps Lock on or off, a notification pops up and does not let you type until the notification goes away. There is no option in the control panel to turn it off, but a temporary fix I have found is to change toggle keys on or off. Sometimes this works and sometimes it doesn't.This is the worst laptop I have ever had and I am thinking about switching to a mac. At least I won't have to hear the hardware clicking on and off all the time.I was expecting better from a $750 ultrabook, but all I got was a piece of crap.
computer|I bought it last month. This is a really wonderful ultarbook with pretty outlook and reasonable price. Until now there isn't any little problem.
computer|This laptop got great look , great performance. In addition to this sony provide lots useful software along with this laptop..Iam completely satisfied with this product
computer|Great laptop, very portable, great price compare to Macbook proMacbook pro will cost at least $999.While, this Sony is very fast, the screen is perfect.And the price is fair enough.Great deal
computer|Update: Sony has had my laptop now for about a month and I got an email that the parts to repair my laptop are back ordered...Hey Sony, keep the laptop and refund my money, I'll go buy the Samsung, Acer, Apple, Toshiba, Lenovo, etc...anything besides this thing.There are a lot of positives about this laptop however the two negatives far outweigh them. The battery is locked into place with three screws. The screws themselves are a pain as the slot is too wide for a normal standard screwdriver..Probably should have used a Phillips head.The biggest issue is that the battery becomes disconnected and you have to unscrew it and re-seat the battery every time. I have contacted support and they are shipping me a box to send them the laptop to attempt to fix it...so its at least 2 weeks to repair
computer|The computer is very beautiful and the shipping was fast. I just did not like of the mouse touch, because it is not sensible enough for me. Nevertheless, I loved the computer!
computer|This laptop is in a word "great". Highly recommended. Specially for those who worries about the weight. This extremely light, beyond your imagination. Not becoming unnecessary hot. Initially the keyboard and the touchpad seems bit weird, but it takes a week to be comfortable with, now its perfect.This is a kind of laptop, you are really going to love for sure.
computer|I have used several laptops including Macbook pro. This is the best windows laptop I have used for this price point.Its may be not a ultrabook. T13 weighs 3.33 pounds instead of under 3 pounds. Reason, hard drives are heavier than SSDs (it has 500 Gb hard drive 32 Gb SSD). And its not slim like macbook air but it has all the ports u need. Track pad is very good compared to other windows laptops but still not good as macbook. Screen resolution is poor in numbers but for the naked eye its bright and clear.ProsSwift performance. Ample storage. so many ports. nice sounds. Ivy Bridge processor. Free slot for extra ram (can go upto 8 Gb for $20)Nice keyboard.ConsHalf a pound overweight. No WiDi. no back light keyboard It's a fast, handsome ultrabook for the value price.
computer|When my last computer crashed and burned, (Ok, the screen just went wonky.) I needed a replacement. I was having trouble finding something powerful with a good price when I came across this ultrabook. I love the look, the sturdiness and the lightweightness of this laptop. However, in my crazy product comparison, I got all confused and didn't realize until the product arrived that it does NOT have a DVD drive. (The price you pay to have a slim laptop.) So I bought an external drive, which is occasionally annoying, but most of the time is not a problem. I do kind of miss my number pad and shortcut keys from my larger entertainment laptop I had previously.SD card drive works well, HDMI connection to TV works well. Speakers are good. Brightness is good. LOVE LOVE LOVE that it's light weight. Overall quite happy with my purchase.
computer|Bought this over the summer for a really good price and not once has it failed on me. I absolutely love this ultra-book, it looks very beautiful and is very light, battery life is great and not once has the &#34;fan noise&#34; that everyone is talking about occurred. I would definitely recommend this device.
computer|The laptop itself is decently thin and lightweight -- think a lighter Macbook Pro rather than an Air type (Asus Zenbook, Acer Aspire S3). Only complaint on the design is that the power button on the top right corner feels incongruous and cheap. There is USB 3.0 on the machine, found with one of the two USB ports, both on the left hand side of the device. It comes with a lot of Sony bloatware about 5% of which seems marginally useful. This stuff is also terminally slow, unintuitive, and intrusive.If you're thinking of upgrading to Windows 8, following the Sony directions will get you 60% of the way and leave you with an INACCESSIBLE_BOOT_DEVICE BSOD for the Windows 8 setup. This is because the Windows 8 upgrade installation does not contain the AHCI drivers required to manage the Rapid Wake SSD accelerated disk configuration. The BIOS interface here is very limited and doesn't let you do much besides pick a boot device. To get around this, make sure you DISABLE acceleration (Control Panel -> Intel Rapid Accelerate something) before you start the upgrade (you can also pop back into Win 7, disable, reboot and go back to the Windows Setup option). After this, success. Worth it for the painful to navigate metro interface? Probably not.All in all the machine seems to mostly be speedy and quiet with the fans producing an obnoxiously pitched whine only once in a while. We'll have to see how it holds up over the months.
computer|After considering it for some time i have decided to get this Sony Vaio for its sleek design (one of the better in the segment) and price/performance and so far (3 weeks of usage). it is meeting my expecations. only downside: if had know that with coming W8 they would introduce touch version i would have delayed the purchase till then:)
computer|I conducted extensive research on ultra books prior to purchasing this Sony Vaio for business use. I wanted something portable and stylish with good performance that wouldn't cost over a grand. I was impressed with the specs - i5 processor is more than enough to handle my spreadsheet needs, extremely light weight and very sleek.Unfortunately the problem with this ultra book is the hybrid 500GB hard drive combined with the 32GB SSD drive. At first glance this seems like a good idea - you get the affordable drive space of a traditional hard drive coupled with the quick OS startup associated with newer SSD drive technology. In reality though this combination creates an unstable system which ultimately caused my Windows 7 operating system to completely fail within 2 weeks of owning this Sony Vaio ultra book.This failure occurred during a standard Windows update; rather than re-starting, the OS froze on the Windows load screen and would not boot in any mode (Safe, Admin, etc). Sony advised me to re-install the OS which I declined - a massive failure of this nature so soon warrants a store return not tech support.I suppose I can't rule out the possibility this could be a faulty unit but I expect much more from an $800 laptop. I am currently looking to purchase an ultra book from the Asus Zenbook line which also offers good looking ultra books with nice specs at a decent price point.
computer|I got a great deal on this computer, with Amazon's gift card and a manufacturer's rebate.So why did I send it back?The good- price, promotional deal+ rebate made this an unmatched deal. -well built -good trackpad -nothing glaringly wrong with the laptopThe BAD--Battery life- 3.5 hours maximum under power saver settings with all extraneous processes turned off... Whats the point of an ultraportable with such a bad battery life? Sooo frustrating.display- this was the dealbreaker for me. The display has a very narrow view angle, and the colors appear washed out even after major adjustment. Very disappointing, and I couldnt live with it.-GLOSSY SCREEN- this is not the laptop's fault, and is not reflected in my star count. This was especially shiny and makes the laptop useless to me.Overall, I was neither completely satisfied nor unsatisfied with the laptop. It was so mediocre.
computer|I put 4 stars because seems I got not right result on how this machine is performed under windows 7, on windows experience index, this sony vaio with intel i5-3317 ultrabook only get 4.4 under desktop performance for windows aero.I saw many machine with i5-3317, samsung, toshiba, asus, and all of them has the score at least 6.0 for desktop aero performance.any thought on this value guys ? updated the display driver was not helping, still got 4.4.update :add 2Gb 1333 memory made an improvement at the score, 5.7 on desktop aero performance, so I think the other guys (samsung, toshiba, asus) can get score of 6.0 all because they are using DDR3-1600 memory (the max that ivy bridge is supporting), and sony were choosing DDR3-1333 for its built-in memory.so my 4 stars rate stand corrected, for sony not putting the maximum memory for this ivy bridge ultrabook.
computer|I got this Laptop as part of the gift card and mail in rebate deal. For $570. You cannot beat this machine. The fan noise is not very loud and it is not always on as some claim. The keyboard is fine not as bad as others have said. The screen is not the best, but it is decent. Overall, its a good laptop for the price. Plus, you can do some modify and make load on the SD card. You can find the video how to do this on youtube. I am overall happy with my purchase.
computer|For the price, its has good looks, good power and performance. All the pros were gunned down by the annoying fan noise all the time! Returned!
computer|I bought this as a gift for my wife. she absolutely loves it. This is the a pretty good ultrabook and does eveything aas advertized.the boot up time is amazing. i would recommend this to any one looking for a decent ultrabook.
computer|The T-series VAIO ultrabook has some quality issues, to say the least, which is surprising given Sony's reputation and Vaio's premium brand. I could've bought a standard notebook at this price point with more functionality (e.g. optical drive) to replace my older 15.6" Acer which died after 4 years of awesome performance. I probably should've bought another Acer. This is my first Sony laptop and first ultrabook, purchased for grad school. I've owned it barely three months and it has issues that seem typical for a laptop nearing the end of its life. Since I rely on it for daily communication and studying I can't mail it away for a week or longer, and the issues aren't serious enough to go through such a hassle. They're just annoyances. So I'm writing this review to say caveat emptor. (Modification: Installed a Kingston 4GB RAM module immediately after purchase.)Pros-Light, sleek and very portable. Fits in my satchel snugly and is very convenient for class. But this is pretty basic for any ultrabook.-Screaming fast. Loads in about 5-7 seconds from a cold boot; wakes from sleep mode in about 2-3 seconds.-Lower price point than other ultrabooks. Apparently the tradeoff with price brings some issues. Keep reading.Cons/Issues-Fan issue: This is a well-known problem for the T-series so I don't understand why Amazon posted a quote from someone claiming it's not that bad. Sure it's not noticeable in a lecture hall with 60 people. However, in a quiet room studying, fan noise is absolutely noticeable, pretty annoying, and a bit unsettling because it revs up like it's angry and about to explode. The only good part is when it does randomly rev back down, the silence brings a feeling of relief because it didn't explode.-Screen issues: 1) When unplugged the screen brightness sometimes fluctuates on its own, slowly darkening and then brightening over several seconds; the setting gauge doesn't move when this happens so it might be a problem with the power. It's not extreme, just annoying.2) The silver "VAIO" lettering somehow bleeds through the screen! The pixels behind the letters are brighter somehow so on a white screen there's a bright ring outlining the "O" and an intense bright area marking the dot under the "A". Unwelcome advertising that's also annoying!
computer|Short version: I have had zero problems with this computer after 2 months of near-constant use and carrying it around in my messenger bag every day. It's a pleasure to use.As many other reviewers have mentioned (and I know, because I read them all before I bought it), this just barely counts as an ultrabook in terms of weight and thickness. That being said, though, it's lighter and thinner than any laptop I've previously owned by a huge margin, so it's still a win for me.I saw some complaints about how shallow the keyboard is, and it does take a little getting used to, especially as my desktop has a wonderfully clicky Logitech keyboard. But I've apparently adjusted now, because it feels perfectly fine to me. I do wish it was backlit, but it's not the end of the world.The screen is good; the glare isn't as bad as I expected it to be, even outside. I wish it was higher resolution, but I can't complain too much, as this seems to be the standard resolution for smaller laptops.The build quality feels solid. As I said, I carry it around in a messenger bag full of other stuff just about every day, and that involves lots of grabbing it with one hand to put it in or out.Oh, I also put an extra stick of 4 GB RAM in it to bring it up to 8GB. You can get one for about $20 on here and it really does make a difference. It's also quite easy to put in, but if you feel unsure, there are youtube tutorials.All that being said, I can't comment much on the software. I installed Ubuntu alongside Windows, but I never use Windows at all. For any other Linux users out there, the only problem I had was the brightness function keys weren't working, but it's a totally easy fix that's all over the forums. No other issues at all.4 stars instead of 5 because folks are right, that fan runs all the time. It's not super loud for me, but it runs constantly.
computer|It has HDMI port (regular not even mini) - which is already great thing, so you can connect it flawleslly to big screen TV without conflicting it with your laptop monitor and watch whatever is on your computer.Of course it will be matter of time when Windows will be clogged with numerous updates, remains of software and other junk and will slown down. I wish they still would provide with old type Recovery option (CDs, or memory stick that is best, they had in a past for desktop, but some reason stopped making those), recovery function of Laptop is not as good as to have external recovery media - period.I wish it had &#34;Display Off&#34; button, I don't know why they didn't make it for this model.Other than that, after all - it is a Sony.
computer|I purchased this laptop from a different seller at the time, however, most of my purchases are from Amazon. Overall, I think it's a great laptop. I have had it for a couple of months. I also purchased it with a SONY rebate and I have received the rebate as well. I have had absolutely no problems with the laptop. The fact that the laptop has a hybrid hard drive sold me. I wanted the speed of a Solid State, without the expense and the diminished memory. I think a hybrid hard drive is the way to go. Super quick boot-ups and resuming.The laptop has 4 GBs of RAM memory. I have not added the other four GBs, as I have not needed it, however I probably will at some point. This has a third generation I5 processor. Nice specifications I think for the price.The battery is a pain to take out. This is not the type of battery you can just pop out. You have to unscrew the back battery cover. And even then, you would not want to use your laptop without the battery in it (for those AC only users). The battery is connected to the cover. So, if you were to use your laptop with AC only, for instance, to make it lighter; you could not do that. You would expose the connectors, getting them dirty and possibly even damaging them. Battery stays in unless you are replacing it,A strange observation: While this laptop is super great looking - thin; silver, very slick; there is a drawback in design; The corners which face you are very sharp. So, if you are in bed holding your laptop with your palms against it, you will find that the corners are quite sharp. It depends how you hold it of course. I don't know why they could not round out the corners just a bit.Performance wise; I love the laptop. It's great. I can upgrade to Win 8 for $14.95, but I think I will wait a bit to see how things work out. It's not touch, so I see no rush.I paid $799 less a $100 rebate. I think for that price point the laptop is a great purchase.
computer|It is fine and upto the standard of my usage, however, the basic application MSoffice does not work as it was promised. The font size is not much adjustable on the screen, either too small or big. there is neither "home" key or "end" key on the keyboard for moving to the beginnig or end of a lengthy document, which I consider a drawback. Also the color resolution is not upto the standard, images are not sharp.
computer|I purchase this sony because it's affordable and have a great performance.Light weight and easy to carry everyday.Of course design and color is good and have a great features.I'm really satisfied with this product
computer|Love this little power package. I"v had it for 2 months now and its light and portable and it is the fastest mch. Ive ever owned. last year I bought an ACER 15" laptop running a 3.2 mghz board 8 gigs of ram and this lil sucker smoks it. long bat life I can have it on at full power for 4 to 5 hrs. Will recomend to all my frends. PS my ACER is now my new home unit. It has no light drive but internet down loads are the wave of the future and if I need to reload a program I just log on and presto.
computer|The fan sound is really really big and it's little hot at fan place. Compared to my old one, I'm not very satisfied with it. The keyboard is not pretty comfortable but I can accept it and everything has its own points right? The weight, shape are all good. I like it anyway.
computer|The laptop is mostly solid, especially at the price, except for the incessant fan noise. I really don't know how Sony could have overlooked this issue.
computer|Functions reasonably, under $1000, looks fantastic and great size for travel. PARENTS: NOT SUFFICIENT FOR MINECRAFT.Let me start by explaining that we are the typical Silicon Valley family, complete with a house full of computers and electronics. So infested are we that my 7 year old son has been whining for more than a year that he NEEDS a laptop to play Minecraft with his older brother and friends and that we are &#34;hogging&#34; ours all the time. When asked what he wanted for his birthday/Christmas (very close together for him) he simply said &#34;a laptop&#34;. Fine. Call us lazy parents who spoil our kids...we gave in.
computer|I don't care for this computer AT ALL for the following reasons:Keyboard: it sucks. It just does. Since they keyboard is small and my hands are also small you would THINK typing is easy, but I have to press hard like a typewriter for the letters to work (usually more than once). Here's a sample of what my typing looks like without spending time backspacing, typing hard, etc.:Tis keyboard never ors.I have to pressreally hard,especially on thespace bar. Only abouthalfof what Itype shows uponthe screen and don't get me started on the pace bar. Iwill neverbuy asony computer againAnnoying, right? I can't type fast at all so it takes FOREVER to write a 6+ page paper for class.I also don't like the mouse-pad. I have to press the tips of the corners, or it doesn't work.And lately, my webcam doesn't work. The green light is there, but it doesn't record. It used to work, I don't know what happened. I should look into it, but I'm so frustrated with the keyboard I thought I'd mention that issue to any potential customers.The MOST annoying feature is that it does not recognize printers. Not my printer, not the library's, not my mom.By the way, I've only had this computer for a few months.I used to have a netbook of somesort-- it was THE cheapest one at Fry's Electronics. I really miss it!!!!!
computer|PROS: The size is just right as a cross between portability and function. Great for kicking back and surfing the web yet still big enough to do everyday tasks and office work. I sold a nice 10.1&#34; android tablet to buy this open box unit. The tablet was just too limiting for me, but this Sony is perfect for what I wanted.I'm aware there are slightly lighter and thinner ultrabooks out there, but this one is still much smaller and lighter than a typical 13.3&#34; laptop and the aluminum body is really sharp looking. Build quality seems good and isn't flimsy. Performance is quite good and the startup time is pleasantly fast due to the ssd portion of the hard drive. The fan, which others have complained about, hasn't been an issue for me at all. I seldom realize it's even running. Maybe Sony fixed the problem in later releases of this computer.Battery life seems to be pretty good, although I haven't actually timed it.CONS: The LCD screen isn't outstanding, but is at least average. If it isn't bright enough for you, some additional adjustments can be made in the graphics properties. Again, this isn't an issue for me.The only thing I have a problem with is the touchpad. It's a little quirky. It definitely has some sweet spots for clicks, taps, etc. and I haven't mastered it yet.SUMMARY: I purposely bought an open box unit because of the price and definitely think this ultrabook was worth it. It isn't perfect, but having owned many laptops over the years, I've yet find to one that is. I would recommend this Sony ultrabook on the basis of size, weight, usability, looks and performance.
computer|I really like this little notebook.Pros:-Super lightweight-Fires up and goes to sleep quickly-Not too much crapware are boot-Good amount of HD space-Nice keyboard movement (although a couple keys have occasionally stuck ~6 months in)-Fantastic battery life-Stays cool on lapCons:-Trackpad takes a bit of getting used to-Feels a bit "plasticky" but gets the job doneThat's it really! Very nice to work with, speedy and enjoyable.
computer|I bought this at the end of August 2012, brought it back to China, and started to use it around mid of September 2012. First of all, the computer seems very slow even with fresh operating system. More importantly, after less than one month of use, one key in the keyboard showed problem. Sometimes it worked, sometimes it did not. Then, more and more keys stopped working. I went to Sony's store in China and was told that the machine was bought in US so I have to repair it in US (Is this the global service from Sony). Now, I have to use an external USB keyboard to work.This is definitely the worst computer that I have purchased. I will give 0 star if I can. Do not buy this one, it is a waste of money and a product of trouble.Update: I contacted Sony to report this problem. Sony asked me to restore the system to factory setting. At that time, the system is almost completely down and it cannot recognize external hard disk connected via USB. I contacted Sony and confirm them if the restore will affect files on D drive and E dirve that I have estabilished. After I got a "No, the system restore will only affect C drive". I started to restore the system. After the restore, I was horribly found that D dirve and E drive are gone!!!! All my data are lost. I have IBM thinkpad and dell laptop with me and have done restore several time, none of them affect D drive. For Sony I contacted and confrimed with them, but still I lost my data. How ridiculous it is???? What a terrible custom service. My keyboard problem is still not solved. So disappointed and so frustrated with SONY.
computer|This is the Mac for the Pcs except for the jet in the machine that is about to take off :).The feel factor is amazing I would buy it in a heartbeat if not for the fan.Its fast, though the screen could be a bit brighter.The fan makes a terrible noise with basic processes like opening a browser . Its definitely audible and might turn some heads at the workplace or while you are browsing on your bed at night. Interestingly the machine is not hot and the fan blows out cold air. Sony recently, had to recall several notebooks because of the heating problem, think they over solved it with this machine.Its been a year and still SONY has no fix for it moreover they even stopped making this model.If you are okay with the noisy fan then this could be a good purchase for the price.
computer|So far I really like this computer. I've had a Sony Vaio before so I am very familiar with the brand. It is a great size for traveling and for taking to a conference, meeting, or class. Battery life for me has been a little over 6 hours and it does start up really fast as advertised. The one thing I don't like about this Vaio T series is that keys are very flush with the keyboard and sometimes makes typing a little challenging so it takes some getting used to. I would recommend this computer if the keyboard issue is not a big deal to you
computer|I bought this "refurbished" Sony Ultrabook for my son because his other computer-HP, ceased to work after three years.The noisy fan is constantly on. There are two USBs, one HDMi, and a slot for a SD card. No CD drive. It's about 3.5 lbs.The brightness of the screen needs to be adjusted. This model is running with Windows 7 Professional.Let's see if my son can have any success with this model.
computer|I love my Vaio, it is smooth, fast, and small in size. Light weight makes it easy to carry too.
computer|Well, you will fall in love with this laptop's apperance. And, it's Sony brand, what can go wrong. So far I used it for almost a month, here's my feeling toward it.1. Speed = pretty fast. It boots windows and shuts down as advertised. i haven't really compare it with other ultrabook but to compete over 0.5 second to me is silly.2. Weight = 3.5 lb is a bit heavier than I like to. Toshiba portege that I played with at Bestbuy was awesomely light. But there were reports about it being filmsy so I hesitated to get that and end up with sony. Personally I like this to be another 0.5 lb lighter to have that real ultrabook feel.3. screen = man i wish this would be 1600 x 900 that would make this world a much happier place for me. i have this urge to get a S serie and just swap the screen.. :(4. power = ok now. there is a problem. as we all know, ultrabook was suppose to compete with macbook air but macbook air can be on standby mode for days. i had this laptop fully charged in the morning and put on sleep mode but by the time i'm writing this review, 10:40 pm, battery is down to 9% ... something is not right. i will try it again and if the result reversed, i will revise this part of my review. Also the default 5 hour use time is somehow exaggerated. i think 3.5 - 4 hours are more realistic.5. durability = i baby this laptop. i have no intention to rough test it so i'll pass this to someone else to provide.6. accessories = bought a keyboard skin for 2.99 from ebay instead of 19.99 + tax from sony direct. very happy about this.7. upgrades = i added 4gb to make it 8gb. removed the default 500gb hdd with a intel 120GB ssd. i recommend all to do the same. :) i also had to re-install clean windows + office to speed things up.8. keyboard = not a big fan here. the key location is not comfortable compare with thinkpad. and the feel of the click feel i am going to poke a hole in it. but after a while i do get use to it. not happy here but acceptable. no backlit here.thank you all for bare with me. to sum it all up, i like the name sony , the way it looks, and perform for the most part are satisfactory. some minor upgrade such as better screen resolution, led backlit keyboard, would be nice.
computer|This is a nice looking machine, suitable for home users and business types, but not for serious gamers due to its lacking a dedicated graphics processor. It is very solidly built, with no creaking or flexing, and feels very nice to the touch. The touchpad is responsive and has a full area click feature, with the right-hand lower corner reserved for right-clicks. A slight downside is that while clicking, the mouse sometimes drifts away slightly as you are still on the touch surface; I found tapping the touchpad more reliable.The screen is bright and has good viewing angles for this type of device. The screen is glossy and not matte, so it can act like a mirror in bright environments. The resolution is also fine for a screen of this size. It is no retina display for sure as close inspection of letters reveals the step-like stagger of pixellation. However, the key word there is close: at the normal screen to eye distance the stagger is smoothed away naturally - not a deal breaker for me.The webcam is great and produces good colour representation from what I have seen. I have not tried it in low light conditions yet. The microphone also picks up sound very well, so no shouting required.The speakers are surprisingly good and completely hidden. My wife bought an albeit-cheap ($9), USB-powered pair of external speakers before she tried the laptop's and she really should not have bothered: the laptop outperformed them in every way.Speaking of sound, then cooling fan is audible at full throttle, but is is acceptably quiet.Ports-wise, this laptop is well-endowed, especially given its ultrabook form factor: LAN port, VGA, full HDMI, SD & Pro Duo card slot, headphone port, 1x USB 2.0, 1x USB 3.0 (also a sleeping-charge port for external devices).The keyboard is clickless and has that nice resist and collapse feel, so no sponginess.All of this for $800 is an absolute bargain frankly. If you plan on getting Windows 8, get Windows 7 Home Premium as Microsoft offers an upgrade to Windows 8 Pro for $15.
computer|The three previous reviews generally echo my impressions. However I wanted to clarify some of the specifications. The weight is variously listed as 3.3 lbs, 3.4lbs and 3.54 lbs. I believe there is confusion as to whether the number after the decimal point is in tenths of a pound or in ounces. I have weighed the Vaio T on a digital postal scale and it weighs 3 lbs 5.8 ounces. In terms of lbs this equates to approx. 3.36 lbs. The power brick is surprising small. It weighs 5.2 ounces (the brick and the non- detachable cord that goes from the brick to the computer.) The brick dimensions are 3.5" long, 1 3/8" wide and 1" high. The review that lists a "Con" has the Vaio being .5 lb overweight may be overstated as I noticed that the specs for the soon to be released Asus Zenbook Prime UX32A (with a hybrid drive) lists its weight as 3.2 lbs. If that is pounds and tenths of pounds then the difference is actually less than 2 tenths of a pound (or less than 3 ounces).The Vaio T has a 500GB hard drive plus a 32GB SSD in what is listed as a 532GB hybrid drive. This compares favorably to the announced slew of other ultrabooks with hybrid drives. The competition (Samsung series 5, Asus UX32A and Acer S5) generally has only a 24GB SSD. In addition the Vaio has one expandable RAM slot which can take up to 4GB of additional RAM. I bought a 4GB chip for about $26 and installed it and it worked without any hitches.Hope this helps.
computer|This ultrabook looks great, feels great, solidly builtand is very responsive. I had it so far only 3 days.Easy to setup and quick to start because of 32GB solid state memory.I read some questionable reviews about the display and the keyboard.The display is very sharp and the keyboard is good, considering that thisproduct weighs less than 3.5lbs and is quiet thin. If you are not a majorgamer or graphic designer, you will have all the speed you need with the3rd generation Core I5 processor. I have not tested the battery, but based onthe indicator I don't think that it will give you 7 hours unplugged.If your eyes are on the weaker side, you should go with a 15.4" display,if PC is your comfort environment this is your notebook, especially fortravel... If you can afford and feel comfortable with the MAC go for theNotebook Air or Notebook Pro, they give you a faster processor that willserve you further in the future.But overall this notebook met and exceeded most of my expectations.
computer|Bought this from Amazon using my friend's prime accountLikes1. Very tiny power brick (fits in the palm of my hand)2. Quick start up from hibernation &lt;edit 7/28/12> (4-8 seconds as opposed to 2-4 seconds when brand new)3. Sleek and light4. Nice sound from speakers5. No heating problems6. nice light and firm keyboard (thankfully not too much innovation has been done here by adding funky stuff)Dislikes1. only 2 USB ports located on the left of the machine. Very inconvenient for mouse. (I am right handed)Additional Notes:1. web-camera is standard2. battery lasts 4-5 hours
computer|First of all, I love the product. I just recently switched over from my 3 year old lenovo.There are a couple complaints:The keyboard is shallow, but after a week's use, I'm used to it now.I tried installing a program called Kingsoft PC Doctor to track how fast my laptop is doing. Great program I used with my last PC. With this one, DON'T. It will crash the 32-bit web browsers you might use. The only way to get out of this is to disable bluetooth. I do not know whether this is program specific. If anyone has this problem please let me know. I had to format my hard drive because the uninstall did not fix the issue.Lots of Praise:Screen is GREAT! REAL Bright. Almost too bright.Speed, man my roommate swapped up for a new laptop beginning of this year, and he used to gloat over my 3 year old lenovo. Let see who has the better laptop now. >:) With this I am paying less than what he did for his, and getting WAYYY more.Sound, I'm torn between using my awesome shiny new bluetooth headphone vs the awesome speakers.Touchpad, I'm not used to it, but I think its pretty cool.Boot Time: I have not shut down the thing in a week, and it boots in seconds everytime.Highly Recommended
computer|I'm using this for hardcore computer programming on the go, and it's perfect. Lightweight, solid and powerful enough to compile code.The key thing this baby does that almost no other ultrabook does, is it has an HDMI port and a VGA port. You can use either for an external monitor. AND YOU CAN USE BOTH! If you put the laptop in projector mode, you can plug two monitors into it and have a 1900x1200 dual display setup. I do this at home, and use the laptop (with the screen dark) as the keyboard. I had to cut my VGA cord's screw off one side with pair of diagonal cutter pliers because the two video connectors are so close that a regular VGA connector and HDMI bumped into each other. With that done, I have pixels out the wazoo.Other thoughts:Display is clean, bright and sharp. More pixels would be better, but it's OK.Boots fast. I'd like another USB port, had to get a hub for when I have the mouse, keyboard and flash drive plugged in.Keyboard is nice and solid and I'm a fast typist. I hate the touchpad, but I'm biased against them. A bluetooth wireless mouse is just the ticket. Get one that works with the built in bluetooth so you don't use up a USB port like I did.I set it to hibernate not sleep when the lid is closed to save battery.Cons-It looks so nice, I have to get a 2nd one for my wife.
computer|I just want to specifically address the issues that had me concerned before buying this laptop.First, I read a lot of people complaining about the fan noise. Yes, many ultrabooks don't even have a cooling fan but it certainly doesn't ruin this laptop. Yes, it seems to always be on BUT its inaudible 90% of the time and it's not even that loud when it's running fast. It's certainly the quietest CPU fan I've ever had. Yes, I'd prefer it didn't have one but it shouldn't stop you from buying this laptopSome other reviews complained about the keyboard. Personally, I like the keyboard a lot. The keys are shallow, but that's not a problem for me. The keys are quieter than many other keyboards and I don't really understand the complaints.Lastly, the form factor is nice- but not as thin as other ultrabooks like the Asus Zenbook or Macbook Air. It's definitely a thin a light laptop in the same league as those, but thicker and noticeably heavier. The aluminum finish is very nice and doesn't pick up fingerprints.What does bother me a bit is that I have been unsuccessful in installing pre-release versions of Windows 8 (consumer preview and RTM versions). I'm assuming that the Windows 8 Pro I'll be able to buy for $15 when it comes out will work without hassle, if it doesn't I'll be furious.4GB of RAM is soldered to the motherboard, and there is an open DDR3 slot. For 20 bucks you can double your ram, which was fairly easy to install.Overall, it's a very nice laptop for the money. Don't let complaints about fan noise or the keyboard dissuade you, but I would wait for Windows 8 if you have the patience.
computer|This ultrabook looks very nice and very sturdy. I have my last sony laptop for 6 years and didn't fail me. So, Sony is the one to get!in general, the ultrabook has great screen and good speaker! The keyboard stroke are lighter than normal but easy to get used to. the pad sometimes drive me crazy but again gotta learn when you have a new toy.The battery time is good and the power adaptor comes with it is sooooo small which makes my life so easy carrying it around. I still prefer this over apple products.
computer|Pros- size, weight, ports , audio, keyboard, mouse pad, upgrade-able memory, hybrid drive, camera, quality, motion controlsCons- fan noise, screen resolution* Fan noise is about 15-20 dba. Laptop is not overheating. Sony just needs to let us lower it down. Screen resolution is also about the same as most laptops.I just think that at this price range it should be higher.Conclusion: Laptop is better than most laptops under the price range, but not better than most laptops above. Am I satisfied? simple answer is yes. Would I recommend it? Only if you want something a bit better than the typical $600 & under laptops.If i had to rate it 8/10. 1 point removed for resolution and 1 for fan noise.Tips: I adjusted the screen colors. I basically lowered gamma, contrast, and brightness. Manufactures love putting these settings much higher than needed.
computer|This is one of the best values I have seen on an Ultrabook! Got mine for about $670 as Amazon was running a $100 rebate special 2 months ago when I purchased it. But, even without that $100 off this is still a good deal.Performance is as advertised... blazing fast boot & "unsleep"... you won't beleive it if you haven't seen it before;)At 3.5 lbs, the weight is awesome! Allowed me to take as carry-on on some short flights with small carriers that have weight restrictions on carry-ons due to smaller planes. My old laptop would have put me well over that weight limit.I find the glossy display quite pleasing... in fact, my hi-res photgraphs look better on this than on all 4 other non-IPS monitors I currently use.The keyboard is a bit different that what you may be used to but after a few days of use you won't even notice it any more.Battery life is AMAZING on this thing! Rated at 8 hours but frankly, I was able to get more than that out of it! On a flight across the Atlantic, I had this thing on for 7 hours straight and was still showing abuot 33% battery left. Granted, I had the Wi-Fi turned off and put it in powersave mode, but at that rate, I could have worked for 10 hours without power!Another big plus on this UB is the 500GB HDD. Yes I know, some UB purests would say that the inclusion of a non-SSD exlcudes this from being a true UB but i have to disagree. The great UB performance is all here, as is the light weight, so if it acts and feels like an UB, it must be an UB;) If I unerstand correctly, Sony has a special 32-GB partition of this 500GB HDD that acts as a small SSD. The system boots and runs essentially tasks off this pseudo-SSD so that's how they deliever this great performance!For me, having that extra storage space was critical. I mainly use this for my photography business and when in the field on a long trip, my process is to back up my CF cards directly to my laptop's HDD, then make an additional copy to an external HDD. On my recent trip to Europe, I shot over 150GB worth of photos, so this would not have been possible on any of the UB's with only ~128GB SSDs.I investing in a USB 3.0 card reader and leveraged this UB's 1 USB 3.0 port to pull some amazingly fast data transfer times! My first experience with USB 3.0 so i have nothing to compare to but this thing was blazing so fast I couldnt beleive it!Only real down-sides I can see with this UB are as follows but both can be easily remedied:- no Optical Drive: definately a weight saving issue here... but i needed to load office, Photoshop and Lightroom. Easy solution was to buy a good $20 USB external DVD drive. Loaded everything up with ease, don't have to carry it with me when I travel, but can use it any time in the future.- limited USB ports: just 1 3.0 and 1 2.0 is proabbly 1 port less than average for UBs. Since I almost always have my mouse dongle in the 2.0 port, that typially leaves only the 3.0 port available. Frankly, I have yet to need more than the 2 ports but of course if you do, you can get a dirt cheap USB port expander.In my mind, neither of these 2 factors detract significantly from the positives with this UB. Would easily recommend this as the UB of choice to everyone i come across!
computer|The laptop is beautiful with great hardware for the price. However, one issue knocks this laptop down from 5 stars to 2. The CPU fan is always on. It's very annoying. I tried everything to stop the fan from being on the whole time but nothing works. According to the Intel website, the CPU for this laptop can withstand up to 105 degree Celsius so there is no reason why the fan should be on full blast at 40 degree Celsius. Even though this is the only issue I see with this laptop, it is a big issue. Sony should release a BIOS or some other software update to resolve this ASAP. To create such a great laptop and let something like the CPU fan being on 100% of the time to ruin the user experience is just stupid. This would be a perfect Ultra book if the CPU fan issue is resolved. I will keep the rating at 2 stars until Sony releases a software fix for the CPU fan.
computer|I have had this ultrabook for a few weeks now, and I can say I'm pretty satisfied overall with my purchase. The build quality/design is top notch. It feels solid in the hand and no creaking whatsoever. The aluminum finish is a very nice touch, and all around it just feels like it's made to last.The click/mouse pad is just large enough and responsive. I especially enjoy the two finger scrolling, but wish it were a bit smoother to the touch. The keyboard is pretty shallow and the keys are spaced out a bit. So it may take some time getting used to. The screen is mediocre, I use the hdmi port to output to my 1080p tv when I really need the real estate or for watching netflix.It's loaded with bloat so I don't know what's safe to remove to receive future system/bios updates. Or if it will hinder my system in any way if I do. Maybe I can remove everything from Sony and get the updates from their website? For now I'm not messing with them although you can disable most of them.The performance is very good with the 2nd gen i5 processor. Cold booting time is ok, but why didn't sony use the ssd to boot from? Only used for hibernation/wake. What the hell? The 5400rpm drive is also a disappointment. I don't play many games so I haven't got to test the graphics, but I'm sure it's more than capable for my needs.Fan noise. Yes there is a bit of unnecessary fan noise coming from this laptop, as many others have reported. It's not a whine type of noise, but I'm wondering why it's running when the laptop is cool. Hopefully this is addressed in a future bios update, but it's not that bad of a problem some are making it out to be. I've had worse.Only two usb ports? Ummm what the hell Sony? Well I recently watched a video of someone disassembling this machine and the reason why is that there are two large speakers on each side taking up all that space on the front ends. This results in above average sound, but you're sacrificing ports. Nothing that a usb hub can't fix though.So all in all this isn't a perfect machine (but what is?) and for $800 you could do worse. I cannot justify paying $500 more for a "premium" ultrabook. Overkill IMHO. So at this price point it's a good value in the ultrabook market, and people will think you paid over $1000 for it. If that's how you roll ;)
computer|I like a lot of people in my age group have grown up with computers and it is always a love/hate relationship. You hate them when they don't do what you think they should do and you love them when they correct your spelling and grammar. Any knowledge or technology over 6 months old is totally obsolete. This VAIO T series computer is a true joy. The battery life is outstanding; the boot time is amazingly fast. It is light weight; it does not overheat in your lap. I am thoroughly enjoying this computer. I bought it to replace a Toshiba that was 13 months old and belly up. The mother board went out and it was 2 weeks out of warranty. I don't know how long this computer will last, but I also bought the 3 year warranty to go with it. Hopefully I won't need it. This computer is a super thin lightweight bundle of technology that appears to be a good fit for me.
computer|I bought a Portege Ultrabook. It was not as flimsy as many reviewers made me believe. It is wonderfully light, has some valuable features like spill proof keyboard and backlit keyboard. And that's it. I run a software company so I have some knowledge about PCs and laptops. The Toshiba runs piping hot when 2 GIG or more of RAM is used. Battery life goes down to 2 hours or less. The keyboard is terrible, stiff and unreliable. The tracking device is so sensitive that if you breathe on it, the cursor jumps to another place in your document. It's literally been in the shop more than I have had it. And Toshiba support is now terrible.Now the Vaio Ultrabook. The 1 pound weight differential does make a difference. It is noticeably heavier. But it's built solid. Instant boot, 5-hour battery life and up to 7.5 in Economy mode. Great keyboard. This is a powerful business machine at a reasonable price, sturdy and with all the bells and whistles I would ever need for business and enjoyment as a road warrior.The difference was so profound and my experience with Toshiba support so bad, I switched the company brand to Sony for Laptops after 5 years with Toshiba.
computer|I bought this for $570. There was a $100 rebate and a free $100 gift card. With that in mind, this is an excellent purchase as you are getting a good looking ultrabook for $570.This laptop has only two flaws as far as I'm concerned. The keys are shallow and you will be prone to missing a few letters as you type. However, it may be possible to overcome this by tapping keys harder than you normally are used to. The second flaw is the lack of WiDi which my old laptop had and was quite a useful feature.The fan is inaudible to me. It is a non-issue.The cold boot time is 20 seconds flat - pretty remarkable feat.I think the best ultrabooks are either Zenbook Prime with IPS display and the new series 9. But the problem is they cost an extra $600 or more. You have to ask yourself whether the upgrades you get: slimmer and sexier design, matte screen, and 1080p IPS display (as on the Zenbook) are worth the extra $600. I personally do not think so. The truth is I use my ipad for 90% of my computing needs. It didn't make sense for me to spend >$1000 on an item I use 10% of the time (for productivity only).
computer|It's thin and light,good looking,and the speed is pretty fast.There're only 2 usb ports,1 usb3.0 and 1 usb2.0,if you have more devices you have to use a usb hubThe feeling when you type on its keyboard is different from regular one,and not backlit.It's still a very good ultrabook in my opinion
computer|This is my first review in Amazon.I bought this laptop with the Sony $100 rebate, also with my Discover left over cashback (about $120) and also actual 2% cash back from using Discover which gave me an additional 1 year warranty through them, and coupon code from J&R. So my actually total for the laptop is about $43x.xx which great deal for an ultrabook.Here are my pros and cons for this laptop:Pros:1) Speed is fast. The laptop literally take about 20-25 sec to boot up and 2-5 sec to wake up from sleep. It's awesome upgrade compared to my older laptop which takes about 2 minutes to boot up and 50 sec to wake up. Everything else are running smoothly2) Built on the laptop is solid. Very balanced weight and the aluminum body is make it worth more than I paid for. The size is actually almost identical with 13" Apple Macbook pro except the weight which makes Macbook 1.2 lb heavier. The actual weight on the Sony T series laptop is around 3.3 lb.3)I actually like the Chiclet keyboard. Well spaced and it's easy to clean compared to the old school laptop keyboard4)The power supply is surprisingly small!5)I can actually upgrade both Hard drives - the SSD and HDD and also add additional RAM up to 8G.6) The mousepad is very responsive.7) Overall the laptop is pretty slick and well-builtCons:1) That 3 screws to take battery off was a PITA. Why can't they make it to a regular Phillips screws2) TBD
computer|Get this laptop if:You want a light laptop.You want a fast laptop.You want a visually attractive laptop.You want the best bang for your buck.Do not get this laptop if:You plan to use it extensively for hardcore 3D gaming.You are very picky about a traditional keyboard.I've spilled coffee on this thing, and it works like a charm after I cleaned it. I love this thing!!
computer|A handsome product in aluminum. Not the plasticy look of the typical laptop. Light but powerful.Fast processor. I found the keyboard had good feel while working in Word. The battery is user replacable, a featuremany Ultrabooks lack that will then will be missed in a couple of years.
