camera_pentax|My son loves the camera. My only problem was with DB Roth and that it took eleven days to get here (after Christmas). He has discovered that this camera has alot of features to do fun things with.
camera_pentax|Just what I was looking for as a wonderful Christmas gift this season.Will look for more options during coming year.
camera_pentax|this product is good&#65292;good look and good quality if you want to take it to travel it is a good choice
camera_pentax|I purchased this to replace an older Pentax that I had been using for about 4 years. I use the cameras in industrial environments where they get filthy with dust and mud. I normally wash the camera in the sink after each job. This one has worked well so far. I can only hope it lasts as well as the last one, which is still working.
camera_pentax|Although there are other attractive options never find a camera so resistant to virtually any abuse like this. Based from the fact that the U.S. military used Pentax cameras in their campaigns for Afghanistan, I decided to purchase this product, that I add to the experience of close friends who are models in this line for years and still working perfectly after abuse and neglect. One look and you know it's rustic, it is prepared for everything, no other can captivate you from just looking (not that flimsy appearance of the models of other brands), buy it with your eyes closed.
camera_pentax|Bought this camera to replace two earlier, different brands that I finally wore out. And I hope this camera will continue to be as good as it has been so far. Sharp,clear outdoor pictures, and good indoor family camera too. They should include a carry case, but something you can hang around your neck.
camera_pentax|UPDATE: While packing the camera up for return, I looked at the manual & found that it did have a burst feature - but it's not located in the scene selection like in other cameras we've used. You have to press the arrow up button to find it, along with the self-timer options too. What the heck? This is an important function for sports-related shots, it should be in the scene selections menu! Not having read the manual, boy do I feel dumb & was thinking of upping the * on this. However, the fact that all my other cameras did not require me to read the manual to use it made me keep the 1* review for it's unfriendliness to me personally.Plus my husband did not like that he had to fumble through the menu to change from camera to video record & vice versa. It was strangely difficult to stop video-recording, had to press the shutter several times. Response time is very poor, took a few seconds to be done writing before we can switch the menu back to camera & by that time, my kid was out of the pool. By the way, we use Class 10 SD Extreme Plus cards so it should be fast.ORIGINAL REVIEW:Bought this based on the ratio of favorable reviews on Amazon.Sadly disappointed. Miss every action shot of my son swimming in the state championships. I snapped as he is jumping off the board, got his feet sticking out of the water. Several snaps of him rising from the water of both breaststroke & butterfly, I get pics of bubbles. Tried to snap when he went under, the camera is so freakin' smart that it delays before taking the photo, here I am thinking it'll wait for my kid to show, nope! Water or feet!Oh, the photo quality is exceptional, but if my son is not in the picture, what is the point?! I don't need clear, quality shots of feet or bubbles. Tried several options, Auto, Basic Auto (not the intelligent one), moving kids, sports (description said follows object, uh, no it did not!), all to no avail. Continuous shot is a joke! The min time lapse between shots is 10 secs. I need a continuous burst! Another annoying thing was the face/smile detection. At first it was cool, but after changing to different shot types with unsuccessful results, & resulting to always having to remove it in vain hopes of capturing wanted shots, it was a pain.To prove the camera is the problem, not I, I was able to capture said breastroke & butterfly shots with my old iPhone 3gs! Provided it wasn't super quality like the camera, but there he was, rising from the water, beautiful form captured with poor MPs. Unfortunately, I forgot about the iPhone had a camera until the last 2 events :(Perhaps this camera is way too smart for me. I'm a very amateur photographer so all I want is a basic point-and-shoot waterproof camera that takes good shots quickly & easy to navigate menu selections. I don't know how to tinker with all the other complex settings & never changed them on my previous cameras. I really don't need waterproof, but I prefer it for the occasional spillage or dropping. My first waterproof camera was the Olympus SW1030, good pics, but very slow read/write. It died after less than an hour underwater in Mexico, but the underwater pics came out beautifully. Replacement was a Fuji XP10 that died as soon as it went underwater in Key Largo. Sent it back to Fuji, they sent me a refurbished one that actually held underwater during an accidental 10-minute submersion in raging muddy river currents. Unfortunately, practically every shot is not crisp, there's an unfocusness to it, even when the focus light went on before taking shots. Both previous cameras captured good action soccer shots so there is proof that I don't need those DSLR (?) chunky cameras. This Pentax was the third replacement. Sigh! The search continues...If you're looking for quality, planned pictures, this camera is great! For quick-action shots, skip this.
camera_pentax|I haven't tested this in any real depths, I bought it to TRY to capture my waterbirth (baby is now 7 weeks old - waterbirth went perfectly, but went too fast and we forgot to hit the shutter button on the camera where it was sitting on a gorillapod wrapped around a cup at the bottom of the inflatable pool I labored & birthed in). I took some pictures from under the water of my older children looking down through the water, the kids thought that was great. Plan to take it to the pool at the YMCA and/or my university (I am a graduate student) for some more underwater picture fun, as well as to the amusement parks for pictures when I'm too paranoid to use my cell phone camera even in a waterproof holder. It feels durable and rugged, but it does have sharp edges as some other reviewers have mentioned (I have delicate skin that tears easily, it didn't tear my skin YET but I am handling it carefully particularly when my hands are pruney from being in water after reading those reviews). I can also see how some of the gasket issues could happen with it. There is a bit of a color cast to the images, but fixed easily by the &#34;auto fix&#34; buttons of various software tools. This camera will likely &#34;live&#34; in the family minivan in warmer months (and is allegedly OK with the temperatures from what I remember reading) so that we'll have a camera with us whenever we might want one while out on adventures.
camera_pentax|The camera was described as having a slightly damaged package but when I received it , it was missing two pieces : The carabiner strap and the macro stand . This was not mentioned in the product description . I was very disappointed .
camera_pentax|This rugged little camera takes great shots on land. I was skeptical about the underwater durability but it seems great so far. The pictures are typical of basic underwater shots without additional lighting. It was purchased for a vacation to the Caribbean to reduce luggage weight (instead of lugging my Canon T3i and lenses)and to avoid the expense of one-use underwater film cameras. I purchased the extra battery and a 32GB Class 10 SD card to accommodate videos and photos. The various settings are user friendly for anyone, even as a point & shoot. It boots super-fast and is pretty intuitive (though reading the manual is recommended). Many of the reviews I read or watched were pretty accurate and very helpful.
camera_pentax|In Hawaii, go-anywhere includes underwater. This is my second Pentax Optio WP-series waterproof camera, I liked the original WP (only 5 mega pixel) so I did not hesitate to buy this WG-2 when I wanted to upgrade.I like it overall, but it is not everything I hoped it could be. I've had it for a few months, but I waited until I used it while snorkeling to finalize the review. Let's face it, you buy this camera for underwater use.It could be better in the following areas:(1) Shutter release button is kind of recessed (may be just flush) and kind of hard to press. I can understand the on-off switch being recessed, but why the shutter release button??? If you take a picture accidentally, what's the big deal? Just erase it! Make the shutter release button easier to press.(2) Other buttons are small-ish. Some buttons are for fingernail operation. Definitely not operable with gloved hand (diving glove).(3) No zooming capability in video mode while shooting. Why? I want to zoom in and out while shooting.(4) The battery-memory-card compartment door is tricky to close. It's the same (as original WP) two-hand operation to open and close, which is good because you don't want it to open accidentally. But closing requires fine alignment of the door to the body, and I worry this mechanism will wear prematurely. It has not leaked, yet, but I worry about this door mechanism developping a leak.(5) Auto exposure in video mode is not continuously adjusting, once the shutter release is pressed the exposure setting seems to be locked in that initial setting. It is OK for most video situation, but if you start the video footage underwater, and continue shooting while surfacing and above water, the exposure becomes all wrong.(6) The interval photo and video modes are nice, but the available intervals are almost useless. The minimum still photo interval is 10 sec. The minimum video interval is 1 minute!!! The only application that I can think of for such a LOOONG interval is maybe for shooting the entire lunar eclipse sequence. Why such a long interval? I need like 0.1 sec, 0.2 sec, 0.5 sec, 1 sec, 2 sec.(7) It is a point-and-shoot camera, so manual controls are difficult or absent. You just need to be aware of that, if you are an advanced photographer.(8) The included strap and carabiner look cool, but useless for underwater use - you need a REAL wrist strap for underwater use.Above negative comments sound harsh, but I'm nitpicking. Overall, it is a nice go-anywhere camera.LIKES:(1) Picture quality is good both under and above water.(2) Excellent macro capability.(3) Nice textured body surface.(4) Includes a real printed operation manual, not just a PDF file of it.
camera_pentax|we had this camera for about 2 weeks...during that time we were actually pleased with the picture quality and the videos it took..the camera was handled like a baby but started having issues with the pictures being out of focus..the iso was not adjusting based on the type of picture chosen...like the sports setting would not increase the iso up to handle fast shutter speeds...we called pentax and was told to send back to them... they received it September 17 (about 7 weeks ago)...they say they are waiting on a part that is on backorder...this camera was brand new and rather than send another camera we sit here waiting for them to fix the one they have with no idea when we will get it back...i have always been a big supporter of pentax and have multiple dslrs K5s, lens, etc and i am actually worried now that if i have issues with any of my other equipment i will have to deal with their service center...their service is terrible...if i were to rate the camera for the short period it worked i would give it 4 stars but rating the service group at pentax gets a big 0...i know there are lemons you can get, but come on pentax, stand behind your product and send a new one and treat customers like you care!!! i was on the pentax forum today and another individual commented on having the same problem...buyer beware...i wonder how many are having issues.
camera_pentax|I bought to replace my lost Nikon Coolpix AW100 since I wanted to try something different. Picture quality is good only in sunny conditions, in every other situation it takes a very bad dive, night shots have very noticeable grain; shaky pictures in low light are common, ghosty or just plain bad. Nikon's was excellent most of the time under a wide variety of conditions. As far as construction, this camera is not heavy. When you are at sandy places like the beach, or deserts, or sand dunes of Utah, this camera gets lots of sand everywhere, I could not even open or close the battery compartment after just one afternoon ,... so much for a 'tough' camera.On the positive side, this camera can produce very detailed and fine close ups that are well lit. Also, the remote shutter works adequately and combined with a tripod everyone will be in the picture, with no need to set self-timer and running towards your party. Lens location in the center is a really good idea, no more fingers on your pictures! Video quality is mediocre. I feel this camera is overpriced overall in comparison to other waterproof cameras.
camera_pentax|October 2012 update:After emailing with Pentax customer service, I followed their instructions to mail the camera to their repair facility in Texas and that was a couple of months ago. I have heard nothing from them, even after emailing the customer service rep asking about the status of my broken camera (Being fixed? Going to send me a new one? Bueller? Bueller?). Complete silence, my broken camera is gone to their facility, and I have no idea what's happening.My feeling is now doubly negative: The camera stopped working after four uses and Pentax's customer service is terrible.Original review:I will keep this review short and to the point: I wouldn't recommend this camera for underwater usage. It worked three times underwater -- in a swimming pool, and then twice in the ocean around Hawaii while snorkeling. After the fourth use, in the ocean while snorkeling, it stopped working. I recharged the battery and checked all the [few] moving parts and everything looking intact and correct. But it won't turn on.I bought a Canon D20 at a local store in Hawaii and that has been working fine after many uses in the ocean.Additional info: I notice that the Pentax is made in Indonesia and the Canon I replaced it with is made in Japan. I'm not an expert on Asian high-tech factories or manufacturing standards, but I'd hazard the guess that a digital camera made in Indonesia, while cheaper to manufacture, isn't put together at the same quality level as a camera made in Japan.
camera_pentax|It is sturdy and have good image quality after you select ISO not beyond 800Screen is not scratch resistant, dissapointing in a product almost bulletproof
camera_pentax|As a kayak fisherman I heartily endorse this camera. I have used it afloat and submerged in streams, rivers, lakes, pools and surf. Once, it suffered an annoying bout of blank display while shooting video (still captured, just had to &#34;shoot in the dark&#34;) but this was at the end of a hot day fishing and capturing an hour or more of HD video. This day required use of my extra battery and the majority of my 64Gb SDXC upgrade. After a rest and reset it has been working well. The macro feature encourages my penchant for photographing insects and flowers. The slo-mo feature looks interesting for on-cam playback but I haven't tried any of those clips yet on my computer. I don't care for the Pentax gallery software. I see it as another needless learning curve as far as still images are concerned. It may be key to the slo-mo clips.
camera_pentax|I love it! Easy to use, great versatility. Especially enjoy the slow motion video and macro abilities. Small enough to fit my shirt pocket. Rugged enough to survive my outdoor adventures. A perfect &#34;step up&#34; from my first point and shoot digital camera.
camera_pentax|Just bought the Pentax WG-II for my trip to Hawaii, I wanted a camera that would do it all, hiking, kayaking, zip lines, and underwater. I only gave this a 4 because I haven't used the camera enough to get all my pictures to look the way I want them. This camera is rugged and water proof and very easy to use. My wife owns the WG-I, get the WG-II it has a bigger screen and more mega pixels. So far I'm very happy with the camera.
camera_pentax|Camera rocks! Easy learning curve and yet lots of great features which don't take much to figure out or set. Picture quality is awesome and many have complemented my pictures. Rough and rugged for all your outdoor activities. Have plunged it fully underwater already on numerous occasions and taken great underwater shots! Love that feature. Plus I never have to worry about getting it wet. Clip it on the kayak and go! In the pocket and off backpacking. Bike riding, running, hiking, perfect camera for these and many more activities.Manual is the usual long-winded dictionary but using it really is easy and doesn't take much to figure out. Love the lights around the lens both for close-up shots and for counting down timer shots. Already dropped it several times and didn't phase this camera. Really happy with this purchase!!
camera_pentax|took this camera to Costa Rica, picture quality is good, but not great. functions are easy to use. Screen is large and easy to see. Haven't tested the water proof capability yet, but it seems like the seals on the protected compartments are a little loose, we'll see. I do a lot of kayaking, so as soon as summer gets here, that will be the true test. overall a good camera for the money.
camera_pentax|I ordered this camera for a recent ski trip and for my wife to use at the pool with our child during the summer months. The camera performed perfect on the mountain in all conditions. The battery lasted for multiple days and the picture quality both inside and outside is what I would expect from a good point and shoot. Also, the price is great. If you are not worried about GPS tagging your photos for FaceBook this is the camera for you.
camera_pentax|I picked this up on clearance sale at Target for about $100 less than list price and took it when my kids and I went to southwest Florida for spring break. We used it in the pool and in the ocean and it performed great in all conditions - in and out of the water. As a frequent mountain biker, I'm looking forward to taking it on some trails and not worry about it falling or getting wet if I take a tumble in a stream crossing. The Auto mode seems to work great, picture quality has been really good, and the only minor issue is you have to remember to set it to underwater mode when needed, and that's not a big thing - will just take a little getting used to.As I noted, I've used it several times so far in the water and have had no leakage problems. Just read the instruction manual and follow the rules for using it in water or sandy conditions and it should be fine.I'm very excited about this camera and look forward to putting it through more paces. So far - very much recommended.
camera_pentax|Just received our awesome new camera and took it with us to Cozumel, enjoyed having a rugged camera to tote through airports and cabs. It fits perfectly in my purse and we didn't need to bring my nice big camera. Got great shots there and feel they are up to par with my big Canon.Great purchase, going to bring it along with us to a mud run coming up!
camera_pentax|Did a great deal of research on rugged/outdoor cameras and i am very happy with this purchase. WG-2 has a ton of features and an excellent x5 zoom and macro. It has held up through many kayak trips and hikes. The only CON is that I thought it had more of a rubbery shell to help with the shock protection but it is just a hard plastic. This does not effect the cameras capabilities but the camera will get a little nicked up. not a big deal at all is a little different than it appears in the picture..
camera_pentax|This little camera beat my expectations times 10. It not only takes basic pictures with clarity, it also has many features. One of my favorite is the microscope mode, which is very cool to zoom in on bugs and have a clear picture. I have never seen this on other cameras.I also appreciate the smile capture mode+ self portrait. All you have to do is smile and it snaps the pic for you! Also, the zoom does quite well for the lense not to expand. Very cool camera and would recommend to any outdoors person who likes to have good pictures/ video to reflect on.
camera_pentax|I can take it for work and out to play. Lots of features. I havent taken it under water yet though.
camera_pentax|Amazing camera!! I have used it both under water for pictures and video, the zoom is just unreal and the focus is still crystal clear. Battery live isn't great in video mode, so I got the extra battery.
camera_pentax|I've taken it camping, canoeing, tubing, skiing, sledding, swimming... pretty much everywhere I've gone. For outdoor adventures, it's a pretty good camera. If I was an extremely active outdoorsman, I may have gone for the GoPro. But as a recreational outdoor fella, this works just fine. For indoor shots, you need to find the proper setting for the lighting. My advice would be to take some test pics before the event you want to capture in order to determine the proper setting. Don't miss out on a great shot of your precious people because of 'operator error'!
camera_pentax|I really like the microscope mode .and it's rated the best point and shoot too so , I would defenetly recommend this for outdoors .
camera_pentax|This camera has worked great since I got it. I took it on my last fishing trip and it performed without any issues. Its super rugged, durable and takes great pictures.
camera_pentax|I think I have talked a few friends into purchasing this camera. It takes amazing pictures. I especially love the "microscope" setting. The detail is awesome. I bought the accessory kit to go with it - which is really important because it comes with a floating strap that makes it great for use in the pool.
camera_pentax|was very big and bulky for my grand daughtershe is sooooo hard on her cameraswanted her to have in college but she didn't like itsure it is a great camera, just not for our usethat is why i didn't diss the camera or vendor
camera_pentax|Don't waste any more time researching cameras. Just lock it down and buy this one. I have already used this for about 6 months and have not had a single problem.
camera_pentax|It came before I expected and the camera has no damage at all, I've really enjoyed, no problems at all, works fine
camera_pentax|I love this camera. I have not used it alot, But for what I have used it for it has been great. This camera has more features then I know how to use and I am excited to be able to use them all. The drop proof and waterproof is exactly what I was lookign for for taking on the boat and in the woods. I also have kids and its great if they happen to get ahold of it.Shutterspeed, picture quality, start up speed, the physical tough look, all are awesome. I get many compliments on the look of this camera.
camera_pentax|I'm still playing with the many options and setting on this camera but the shots so far are beautiful. The macro settings take amazing close up shots and the fact it's impact resistant and water proof is an added bonus. I still have to submerge it.
camera_pentax|2nd time of gentle use in water, camera filled up with water. never dropped or mishandled, supposed to be the toughest camera-i think not
camera_pentax|Just received my camera today on the 28th, having ordered on the 24th. Not bad for having to bounce over the holiday delivery time. Came with a battery and external charger, usb cable, strong strap with the carabiner, a small plastic piece that fits on the front of the camera for the macro shots, manuals and standard paperwork. Took the battery about an hour and a half to fully charge. Takes about 10 seconds to float through the setup menu and then the camera is ready to use. The manual is VERY detailed and specific about every aspect, including how the various functions work together (or not). The only negative I see is a lack of protection to the lens or the vew screen. You'll definitely want to find some kind of small camera case to store this in and keep a lens cleaning cloth handy.
camera_pentax|the way i live my life makes it hard on electronics. i spend a lot of my time out in some of the harshest condisions wether im hunting ducks in 80 mph thunder storms or elk and deer in the snow and mud this is the only camera that will survive the trip.this camra is the best one i have ever had it takes great picturs in a rough and tuff package. Its simple to use and the macro is realy good i use it to take pics with a bore scope to look inside the bore of rifles that im working on to show my customers how good or bad there barrel is. i wold recomend this camera to anyone. the Pentax Optio WG-2 is the best camar i have ever had i love it.
camera_pentax|This is a very good underwater camera and a good value at its current price. However, Pentax has released the next version (WG-3) and, while I haven't seen it I do expect it will drive the price of any remaining WG-2's down, making it an even better value.I don't want to waste your time talking about features or image quality, lots of other reviewers have done that. However, I would like to spend a few minutes highlighting a few things that have gone largely overlooked, clear up some possible misunderstandings, and identify some accessories I've found handy.UPDATE: I had to check back in to say that the more I use this camera the more I'm impressed with its quality and ease of use. I own decent cameras that are smaller and more conventional looking and larger, even higher quality, and much more expensive. However, with this camera strikes a great balance between quality and convenience. Plus, it won't stop working if it gets dropped in a puddle. Now, back to the original review, already in progress...Several of my favorite Unsung Features: - Smile recognition. This feature, automatically triggering the shutter when the subject smiles, is available in lots of cameras but it's one of my favorite features in this one. Here's why...Most cameras let you turn this feature on and off by stepping through several levels of menus. Pentax has chosen to put a dedicated switch on the back of the camera. That makes it lots easier to enable and disable which means I use it more. What I've found is that it enables me to handhold the camera and still get tack sharp portraits as it avoids any shake from pressing the shutter. (I know that would be true with any camera that includes the feature and I'm less inclined to use it with them because it is so much harder to get at. - Unbelievable close up capability and the secret "Macro Stand". This camera can focus real close, down to 1 cm. The ring of lights provide additional and even illumination that is needed when your camera is close to the subject. There is an included "close-up stand" which is a ring that snaps onto the front of the camera which acts as a spacer, keeping your camera at exactly the right minimum distance from anything you set it on. That brings us to the next unsung feature... - The Macro Stand provides additional lens protection and acts as a lens hood. I keep the thing attached all the time. It helps to keep things from bumping up against the front of my lens and also helps keep side light from distorting my pictures. - General ergonomics. This camera is *designed* for use in "rugged" situations. Unlike many other waterproof point and shoot cameras, this camera had different textures and indentations that allow you to hang on to it even if you're wearing gloves our your hands are covered with water, sweat, mud, or... whatever. Also, there are a few more common functions brought out as real buttons rather than accessed through various levels of menus. - The display. I have several (maybe more than several) point and shoot cameras, both waterproof and not. (Sadly my Panasonic Lumix DMC-TS10 fell into both categories, but I digress.) This camera has, by far, the clearest display of mode and menu selections. - Nice self portrait indicator. Lots of us like to turn the camera around to take our own pictures. More often than not the results have the tops, bottoms, and/or sides of our faces cut off. Those same front LEDs that light close up pictures also indicate when the faces being photographed are actually in frame. - It DOES NOT LEAK. Not when you get it wet... not even when you get it moist. (There I go, complaining about that TS10 again...) - The instruction manual is real, comprehensive, and well written. - OK, I gotta at least say that this thing takes consistently good images and that is great for *any* point and shoot.Clearing up some misunderstandings: - Long delays between images. Some reviewers have expressed concern about the time between shots where the camera displays, "Data being processed", and you have to wait before taking another picture. They are correct, that it can take a long time... or not... it's up to you and the memory you choose to use. For example, when I use SanDisk 2GB ULTRA II] the inter-shot delay is about three seconds. However, when I switch to my [[ASIN:B007R9NJ6E Patriot Memory EP Series 32GB SDHC Class 10 the delay drops to about a second. - Battery life. Again, it's good or bad and largely up to you and how long you have the display on, reviewing previous shots or framing new ones. The official rating is 260 and that's not far from what I typically get. I tried an experiment using the built in interval timer (another nifty feature and one that I don't use that much) and was able to capture over 1000 images with a freshly charged battery before it ran out. Regardless of battery life, the first accessory I always buy for a new camera is a spare battery.Handy accessories: - A spare battery. It's the first accessory.... :) I've had good luck with my Wasabi Power Battery for Pentax WG-2. - The Case Logic TBC-312 Pocket Video Camcorder Case fits this camera particularly well and has a zipper pouch for my spare battery and an extra (and appropriately fast) SD card. I did do what I always do with these cases and replace the carabineer with a Nite Ize SB3-03-01 Size-3 S-Biner, Black. - I've ditched the included strap. On dry land I use the Case Logic case and in the water I use a Pentax Optio Floating Wrist Strap. If I ever did want to dangle the camera from something then I would use the strap but replace the carabineer with the S-Biner I just mentioned.
camera_pentax|I bought this camera as a gift for my girlfriend and we used it on our cruise in the Caribbean. During the cruise we went zip lining, explored Aztec ruins, and even scuba dove while taking great pictures. If you're an adventurer and need a good heavy duty camera I would definitely recommend this one.
camera_pentax|I have used this camera twice on hikes. It takes decent but not fantastic shots. It is easy to use, I didn't have to read the manual to figure it out. It is rugged and I found out that it can be dropped without breaking. Thought I hooked in securely on my pack but when I stood up it dropped about 4 feet onto solid rock and there were no issues.
camera_pentax|Quick to ship, item as described.I have reordered this camera over & over-stands up to many users & keeps on clicking...
camera_pentax|Awesome camera!! Great video underwater!! The clip it comes with is awesome to place anywhere, I used it while zip lining. Very durable , has many settings, shooting modes. Love my purchase.
camera_pentax|I bought this camera so I can bring it kayaking and not have to worry about it getting wet. It works awesome and takes beautiful pictures. The underwater pictures and video is amazingly clear and takes great pictures. I also use this camera for snowmobiling and it works well for this too. I have used it in 8 below weather and it turns right on and works great. It doesn't need to kept in a &#34;camera bag&#34; because it is a really durable camera. It is very easy to use too. I would defintely recommend this camera for someone who is active and doesn't want to worry about damaging they're camera.
camera_pentax|While I am not a professional photographer, I have doing landscape photography for over a decade. I bought this camera specifically to take to Costa Rica with me because I knew I would be doing white water rafting. I went into the ocean with it (though I tried to keep it above water as much as possible), under waterfalls, in jungles, and it survived very well. Some of the photo's I got were absolutely amazing. I would suggest to buy an extra battery. Very rugged and exactly what I was looking for.After traveling with it for 2 weeks, I have no cons to add.
camera_pentax|Ordered a replacement for my venerable and aged Optio W10 - thought I'd get it after I returned from vacation. Camera was delivered by Portable Guy two days after ordering (on standard shipping) which means it went with us so proper credit to them, and I was impressed by the pictures we got.A worthy replacement with some good upgrades from the older unit - battery life seems comparable if you're not shooting video. Shooting video tends to run the batteries down a bit quicker that with the old unit, not surprising since it's 1080 video at up to 60 fps, and will do 15 seconds of 4x overspeed shooting for slow motion right in-camera. I have not checked waterproof/cold weather operation yet, but everything works very well and it's a very handy unit to have around.*The "auto picture" function is surprisingly good - push the shutter button and it tries to make the picture come out properly - it usually didn't miss the few times I tried to confuse it.*There are a couple of in-camera panorama functions, a 2-frame and 3-frame; the 2-frame works pretty well with practice but the 3-frame is not very good (I do a lot of composite landscapes - there are some very good algorithms out there and the 3 frame doesn't seem to use them).*The face/pet detection is kind of fun, and there is a night shot setting that will allow you to shoot stabilized, handheld night shots (of cities or settings with a bit of light) that aren't too bad.*Video is great - purists might find something to complain about, but I'm not having to carry a $30,000 video system around either. For the kind of spontaneous work this camera is best at, it's great.*The "digital microscope" is fun - you'll get all the bug-face pictures you can stand. The dirty secret is that the old W10 would do close-focus nearly as well, but they didn't advertise it and it didn't have the little "fill lights" around the lens.*The "text" and "report" functions are surprisingly handy - I've used them to capture documents and maps while traveling, and they give very good reproduction later.I skipped the GPS and exotic colors since I didn't need either (and most reviews either complain about the GPS or say that they just leave it turned off), and saved a lot of the purchase price. I hope we get the good use from this one that we got from the W10 over the last six years.
camera_pentax|I am most impressed with the underwater and micro shots, but I love everything about this camera. I don't have to worry about sand destroying the mechinisms, nor do I worry much if I accidently bump or fumble with it. This is the coolest thing I own.
camera_pentax|After reading reviews and comparing underwater/shock proof cameras for about a month, I decided on Pentax. A good friend has the older version (2 of them) and loves them. I was trying to decide between the wg-1 or 2. The newer one was only 50 dollars more, so I decided on it. What a great purchase! The camera was a gift for a great barrier reef trip to Australia. It was used snorkeling and took great, memorable pictures! I was nervous the first time it went in the water, however it feels sturdy enough and after seeing it survive in water I was confident. I haven't had this camera for more than a month, but so far it's been a great purchase. I would recommend to anybody who takes pictures for memories! I'm not much of a photographer and every picture came out great.
