computer-alienware|This happens to be my second netbook, the first was a run of the mill atom processor 10.1in netbook. For ultraportable computing it was the best. But it lacked in the snappiness, and power that i craved. All i can say is i'm glad i spent that little bit more to get the powerhouse of netbooks. Just a fantastic netbook Overclockable, to 1.6ghz, great video card in such a small package. The stereo speakers are not the greatest but it's better than most netbooks. It did not come stuffed with bloatware just the UPDATED essential software that's needed.Just start it up load up your favorite programs and your good to go.
computer-alienware|If you will go to Dell/Alienware's site/shop you will find there information that the CPU in this particular version of M11X is "Overclockable". What it does is basically makes your CPU work at higher frequency, improving the overall performance of all your programs/games. If you will go to BIOS settings in your M11X (press "F2" key during boot-up time to get there) you will indeed see the "Overclocked" option (which is disabled by default). Unfortunately it seems that it is highly possible that this advertised feature will not work (it didn't for me, as well as for many other people, you can read all about it on a certain well-known notebook-related forum) - if you will enable "Overclock" in BIOS, your M11X might simply crash during boot-up or after any random period of time. As of right now there's no official "fix" for this issue by Alienware/Dell, the only way you can solve it (if you're happened to have this issue) is to play an "exchange lottery" with Dell/Alienware. It really is disappointing that Alienware/Dell actually advertised this feature and made it available in every M11X (every user can easily switch it on) yet it doesn't seem they actually tested any M11X with this feature enabled before shipping them to customers...
computer-alienware|One reviewer mentioned the color the M11 came with, and I'm guessing he hasn't had a chance to read the manual yet since every Alienware laptop can change the colors that glow on the keyboard, speakers, alien head, etc. The full spectrum is available through the command center and you can even set it to be a steady color, flash, or whatever you like :)So don't worry about the color it "boots up" with, that's just the color the guy who set it up chose and it's easily changed :)
computer-alienware|I got this notebook with very high expactations, but I went dissapointed with its performance. I had a Dell XPS M12 before and its performance was even beter than the Alienware. It is still a very nice notebook, but it did not deliver what I expected from. I am sorry to send this not so good review, but it is the true...
computer-alienware|I bought one of these less than a week ago (R2 version) and the Bluetooth module fails (becomes unrecognizable to the USB bus) after connecting and listening to a stereo headset (Motorola S9-HD) for just a couple of minutes. Reloading drivers, of many versions recommended by others with this problem, does not solve the problem. The Alienware tech was very unhelpful. Its Window's fault or Motorola's fault whatever is wrong, can't be bothered to diagnose what is wrong, it's not Alienware's fault. Buyer BEWARE.
computer-alienware|Its a good machine however when it was supposed to be brand new out of box i opened it up to find that the top cover of the laptop was all scratched up as well as the area above the keyboard. I was very disappointed, but thank goodness amazon is good with returns. If you don't get a lemon this laptop is totally worth it.
computer-alienware|Quite good, but not the best. I can't say much in terms of its gaming capabilities since I bought mine on lower specs, but I'd rather buy an asus or alienware 15x instead for gaming. The laptop still operates games decently - just not to the quality that I'd want. It's very powerful for an 11.6 inch laptop, thought it makes up for that with it's heavy weight.I love the design for alienware laptops, especially the lights. Like other dell products, the material is hard (although plastic). This is good enough for me since I owned a very poorly cased Lenovo y450 before. Buyers should beware though - this product does seem to have a lot of hinge defects. I haven't personally experienced it, but my friends that have bought this product have had the same problems.The laptop generates quite a bit of heat though, even when not being worked very hard. Be careful not to singe your lap.
computer-alienware|Cons:-Underside gets really hot if you're running graphic intensive programs-Battery drains quickly if you're running graphic intensive programs-Screen has a glossy finish, not very good for glare reduction-No DVD/CD Drive (Not that I needed one, but you might)Pros:-Integrated and Dedicated Graphics card. This means your graphics card can switch depending on the intensity of use. Less wear/tear-Keyboard LED (that changes colors). More of an aesthetic feature, but I get a lot of "oooohs" and "ahhhhs" from it.-Great battery life for normal useNote:-I use this laptop primarily for business and portable gaming. I can play graphic intensive games such as Fallout 3, Fallout New Vegas, Mass Effect 2, Final Fantasy XIV, and Dragon Age II on medium settings or higher.-While it is not the best gaming laptop available, it IS the best balance between portability and power.
computer-alienware|This computer is for my 18 year old daughter who was using it for her CAD/Graphic Arts Class at home because it was the best graphics computer on the market according to her teacher and other computer geeks we talked to. She is the most responsible person I know and has treated this computer so gently yet only a few months after owning it the hinges are breaking that connect the screen to the bottom of the computer. This computer was not cheap as you can see and when we bought it the price was higher. We are looking into the warranty info and I will not give up on getting this fixed properly. This is a manufacture defect!!! Be aware!!
computer-alienware|For the same amount of money, you can get a sager np6110 with the i7 2.3- 3.3GHz quad core and an nvidia 650m with optimus. Also a 750gb hard drive, this thing may be called a gaming computer but these specs are worse than my old lenovo I got for $400. It's not worth 600$ just for those lights. Buy a sager, msi, or asus. You get a way better system for your money.You can get a laptop with the same specs for about $400
computer-alienware|I was impressed with my new Alienware m11x; then I switched the graphics. Now I am amazed.
computer-alienware|M11x have very good hardware and very powerfull...But after 3 months, the hinges are broken !I contacted Dell service and the problem is not cover by the basic warranty.
computer-alienware|Why I received the laptop with an account and asking for password to log in? And please tell me the password
computer-alienware|Good:Fast, Solid Design, Cool Apps, Great For Travelers, Good for Gaming, Powerful Battery Life, Great Quality Display, Easy for Upgrade, Compatible with Ubuntu Linux (Out of the Box).Bad:Bulky, for readers its not the perfect size, oversize for 11".Summary:Well I test this computer 2 days. I play some games and work ok, this computer has not the last video card so its ready for new and powerful games. The design its a bulky, need to be more fashion and new style (Black Aluminum its perfect). If you want to run Ubuntu out of the box you need to go to the Bios and change the video card for the integrated. The keyboard size is little its very confused when you are typing it. The display quality is great. Drivers CD are included and if you want to upgrade (RAM, Hard Disk) is very easy.I recommend this laptop for 10 to 20 years old kids and teens. Great for a kid that want to play great games and great for high school students for professional and serious gamers I preferred Asus G Series. Why? More cheapers and Asus give you best specs for cheap price. Alienware its the best division of Dell.Maybe you need to play a little bit with the graphic card preference if you want to play high performance games.
computer-alienware|I received it yesterday. Works awesome. But I was really looking forward to the red lights as in all the pictures but it came with blue lights. I just wanted to let folks know that lights are blue not red as shown in all the pictures. For the color selection and other options you must order directly from Dell or Alienware. Not serious enough to send back, I was just disapointed with the color change. Also has 4gb RAM.. not mentioned in specs that I could find... It is fast with long batt life..Updated review: Program included to customize all lights is awesome.. Changed my rating from 4 to 5.. great little notebook win7 home prem, x64sys
computer-alienware|I purchased this laptop a couple months ago, and it works great. Good speed, good battery life. Everything I was looking for.Then I noticed that the keyboard was scratching the screen. After some research, I found out that there is a critical hinge issue and as such, I cannot recommend this laptop. Go get an Asus U3x series or UL3x series.
computer-alienware|I looked at buying this laptop for months and finally found one on eBay (sorry amazon) for a great price. After finally getting my hands on it and working with it for over a month I only have one thing to say ....WOW this is a great little laptop. Packed into it's diminutive size is a true powerhouse.. Im 40 years old and remember the first "home computers" that came out.. And looking back and seeing how far the industry has come it's truly amazing... This m11 is really great andWorth the price if your looking for real power, performance and style you get it all in this woderful package.
computer-alienware|I have had this item for more than a year and I love it more..Very reliable, I don't use it for gaming but I am DJ for businesses and private parties and the performance is flawless; I am able to go online with lots of windows and programs open while playing the music with no problems at all..Very recommendable for normal and work use.. is a high quality/compact "secret weapon/toy machine".. lol
computer-alienware|Pro: This is a very portable notebook with a highly customizable experience. The graphics switching works well with only minor hiccups. I have been able to run most games at decent settings and still maintain performance. The color customizable keys make it easier to type in low light conditions and the screen is very responsive and bright. Overall, you can customize the M11x in many different ways in order to get the most out of your experience. The power management functions are great for this. Out of all of the computers I have bought in the last 5 years (8 computers), this one had the least amount of bloatware installed.Con: The battery is not removable, so you cannot carry a spare. The facial recognition software seems to hiccup more often than I'd like, switching screens and seeming to lock up for a few seconds at a time when it gets confused, but this is a minor issue. The software, when you get right down to it seems to work.Overall, I'd say there isn't too much they could do to improve this notebook while maintaining the small form-factor. Kudos to Alienware!
computer-alienware|While shopping around for a new laptop about this time last year, I looked for something that had high performance, low cost, and high reliability. I thought that the M11x fulfilled all three criteria, but it turns out it fails badly in the reliability department. How so? Oh, where do we begin.For months, my computer spontaneously reboot itself while I was at work. Yes, you read that right. How often? Oh, about every five to ten minutes. A couple of MONTHS later, having wasted countless hours on the phone with tech support, guess what: The problem had not gone anywhere. Oh and since they make you stay on the phone with them, even though they have a chat dialogue when they connect to your computer, I nearly ran out of minutes one month on tech support calls alone. Real great customer service there, guys. But wait, it gets better. They finally had me ship in my computer and get a replacement (I know for a fact it was a replacement because I sent in the old one after receiving the new one), and guess what. The spontaneous rebooting WAS STILL THERE. You know what it was? A conflict with my personal firewall. I uninstalled that--which meant no firewall until I found a replacement--but after three months later, the most annoying problem I have ever faced with a PC was finally gone.Not to be outdone by this, suddenly the graphics card kept failing, rendering most of my games pretty much unplayable. Tech call after tech call has produced the same result, every single time: The problem is temporarily fixed, but mere days later, it comes back. Nobody at Alienware has solved the problem yet. And there are other "minor" problems as well, such as the fact that the AlienSense (which recognizes your face at login, preventing the need for a password, though you can login the standard way if you wish) has not worked in months. Hell, I don't even care about this any more. I've had to basically triage my computer to solve only the problems that keep it from running, faster than they come in.If they cannot fix this before my warranty expires, I am seriously considering having them refund my purchase in full. The Alienware M11x is hands-down the worst computer I have EVER owned. Maybe some people are lucky enough not to have all these issues, but I seriously wonder who in the world designed my TWO copies. This is absolutely unacceptable service and should have never, ever happened in the first place. Surely I am the exception and not the rule here, but come on: Do you REALLY want to take the chance of all this happening to you?
computer-alienware|I have purchased my M11x laptop in May in the United Kingdom, when I was studying there. Since then I have returned to my home country Lithuania.The hinges of my M11x broke exactly three months after the purchase.Alienware does not provide service in Lithuania. I was not able to contact a service representative in the UK as well and my emails left unanswered. I have found a certified DELL Warranty provider, who had changed the screen for a fee of around 70 USD. I did not have to pay for the parts, as I still have a valid DELL warranty. However, the shipment of the parts to Lithuania took around 1,5 months. So, for almost two months I was left with a crippled laptop.My second replacement screen is also beginning to wobble. And it will surely break, as it approaches its three month service lifecycle :(Once again, I will have to:1. Pay extra to get the laptop fixed.2. Wait 1,5 month for the parts to arrive, as they cannot be ordered if the laptop isn't broken. Therefore, I will once again be left with a crippled computer.I have been using this laptop only for six months. It is the most expensive laptop I've ever purchased. And has caused the most problems by far.DELL has done nothing to improve the design of the machine and is simply waiting for the warranties of users to expire.DO NOT BUY THIS! They should recall this model, I cannot believe they are still selling it.
computer-alienware|IF ANYONE has ANY issues with this laptop.. simply go to notebookreview.comhttp://forum.notebookreview.com/alienware-m11x/Become a free member by filling out your username and password and email.. and post your issue or simply read those that had that issue. EVERY issue on this laptop or ANY laptop has been discussed in these forums.Even Alienware/Dell admins post there.So any conserns about hinge issues or whatever issue you have.. you will find some resolution.The M11x's do have issues with hinges.. but it is such a small issue. These laptops get sent back and you get a new top/lid/screen put on them from dell. They are very aware of the problem. You will see many people posting about hinge issues with this model on the forums I linked.This website notebookreviews.com has helped me on my Alienware M11xR2 i5 .One comment about the command center glitching is even mentioned by some others on this site.. simply reinstall the program.Most issues these days is a simple reinstall.. ALL KINDS of information that have been spoken about this laptop is on the notebookreviews.com site.The Alienware M11x.. is amazing. Simply put.. the graphic power is very powerful. it is a 1GB graphic card..Nvidia GT335M.The MacBook Pro 13" is a 320m with 256 memory. that is 1/4 the size of the M11x.The things to note in a laptop are the video.. and cooling.. and cpu. Then, keyboard .. functions.. screen.. imho.The Ram is always upgradable.. 2GB or 4GB doesn't matter to me. Same with HDD. I can buy from Amazon, Ram or HDD anytime.You are stuck with your CPU and your video card.With this in mind, this is the best bang for the buck. It's the best video card in this size.. ( this means you can play Crysis on it ).I play a MMO on it.. I have tried all kinds of other games. But my MMO that I play is so graphically intensive. Crysis I have played on extreme settings.. but seeing the beams of shadows off a leaf really does cause some lag when your talking palm leaves in a jungle.. So I put it on high settings.I fall asleep watching a DVD with this. ( on a portable external dvd player "Gear Head Model# 8XDVDEXTLS ) .. Flawless!Customizable lighting keyboard.. front two lights.. alienhead top of keyboard.. logo top of keyboard/under the monitor.. and icons for wireless and caps on. The rear alien head thats on the back side of the monitor is not customizable in lighting.. just light by the monitor white.Keyboard is designed to be perfect, as it is perfect.Monitor is 1366x768.glossy with plastic protection ( not glass ).This laptop is designed to be cooled. Not like the Envy 14. etc. Well created. I NEVER have heat issues.If you want to get one for school.. and only do school work. Then graphics are not needed, get a macbook air. They boot fast.. light.. but completely useless on upgradability. Macbook air have soldered Hard drives ( flash memory ) and soldered RAM.. so can not upgrade unless you know somone that repiars PC's.But if you want any type of graphical laptpop portable.. this IS it.The MacBook Pro 13" is nice.. seems heavy ( I have one ) and MAC.There is not any difference in gaming with the core 2 duo verson vs i5.. i7. it is all the same graphics.UNLESS you play a CPU intensive game. This is proven on the forums at the link above.I had both the core 2 duo Alienware M11x and i5 . I use the M11xR2 i5 , 4GB, 250 hdd.Alienware M11x's were Duel core... Core2Duo...i3...i5..i7.The core's are the R1 series.The i3,i5,i7 are the R2 series.The i3's are now only in europe.The plus's about the R1 series are, Fn key + F6 = graphics switching.. from Intel onboard intergrated graphics.. to Nvidia GT335m 1GB graphics.. YOU control it! It is either on.. or off. No you don't have to reboot the laptop. you just have all programs closed and switch.. done.. It is nice!The R2 series is optimus. automatically switching. Can be a pain until you figure out ( via the website ) how to do it .. IF it doesn't work on that game or program you use.Lets see.. one other thing.. oh ya, YouTube search.. alienwareservices . chose teardown M11x. They have a video for you " for the complete idiot " type of video.. how to tear down your laptop.. YEP ! thats right! Alienwareservices has shown you how to remove everything, just for you :)Remember, 1-800-alienware.. for issues.I don't know what else to tell you. Like they told me.. ' Just get one! 'I bought my Core2Duo from a private party and it was good but I needed the $ .. then I found a deal on the i5. just fyi. But I do like the controlled graphic switching.. and it had amazing battery life. 7.2 hrs just playing chess. windows 7 has many ways to conserve power to make battery times last.Good luck!I don't work for Alienware. Alienware is just a name I chose for this account. OH! and this review was typed on my M11xR2!
computer-alienware|I was given this laptop as a graduation gift. It was wonderful for two years and could run any game I wanted. The battery life was also amazing. It could run for 4 hours playing Skyrim or 7 hours if I was only on the internet. I took very good care of my laptop, but still after two years it fell apart. All I did was gently open the laptop and the hinges broke. The battery life was cut in half. The keys began to stick horribly. If you plan on keeping a laptop for more than two years don't buy this.
computer-alienware|What a shame that Alienware does not make these any more. I was holding out for a while hoping they would come out with an ATI version. There is a lot that I love about the m11x, here is a short list.PROS:-I love the size! The m11x is easy to throw into a backpack for quick transport. Desk space at school is very limited, but I find I can fit this nearly anywhere and have room for my note taking accoutrements.-I love the weight! The m11x is very light, again making it great for transport.-Gaming capabilities. I can run games such as Skyrim, Fallout NV, The Secret World, and Left 4 Dead without troubles (as long as I use an external fan).CONS:-My biggest con is that Alienware stopped making them. What a shame.-Heat. Heat is kind of bad on the little bugger. Nothing that isn't easily solved with an external fan. I don't game when I'm on the go, and its NEVER overheated while doing "on the go" tasks such as internet and music.
computer-alienware|I purchased this laptop over a year ago and have had nothing but a gaming nightmare with this machine. It constantly freezes while playing all games. I purchased the 3 year extended warranty and have called over 6 times to get my issue resolved with Dell tech support and they have been no help. They said they were going to ship a box so I could send my PC back, guess what... A box never showed up at my front door. I will never purchase another Dell product ever again... I strongly urge anyone who wants a gaming machine to stay away from Alienware and Dell.
computer-alienware|I should have written this review a long time ago. Let me speak to everyone as a layman. I'm not the most skilled with computers, I knew I wanted to play games and I wanted a computer that could handle web-browsing, facebook, etc. The sleek appearance and light up keyboard were a nice touch, I'll give them that. I was promised those little things and more when I purchased the M11x last year from the Dell site. So I thought, okay, this is a good, reasonable gaming computer. I'd only heard good things about Alienware after all. This computer is nothing what the site promised. It's speed is mediocre, the processing speed, 1.6 GHz is what they say it has (in reality it's 1.4 GHz), can't even handle the most menial of Facebook games, and it cannot handle any form of Java run platform without severe difficulty. For you Minecraft fanatics out there, avoid this computer at all costs, the game freezes, and can't even run on Tiny pixel ratio. You would be better off getting yourself a cheap $500.00 Acer from Walmart, it works way better than this thing.Games, I wouldn't even suggest trying, the graphics card is mediocre, and with the processor speed, the best you can hope for is low-end to medium graphics on games that aren't graphic intensive. For any program that requires CPU to run, don't count your eggs until they hatch. This computer has a problem with OpenOffice.Of course there are some pros that should be mentioned. The 10 hour battery is nice, I'll give it that. The light up keyboard, that is nice too, except the program to run it is glitchy and doesn't like to work, and when I turn it on the computer will freeze and lag because it takes too much energy to run. Another pro is the screen, once you can look past the small size (though I assume if you're going with this computer you know it's small), is very sleek and has really good lighting (of course the lighting system will freeze and refuse to work - it's done this since day one). The speakers are also impressive for a netbook.If you just want a sleek looking computer for basic computing and have the money, then this is a good computer. It lacks a optical drive though, so entertainment is hard unless you have a USB CD-Rom, or a movie streaming program such as Netflix. The screen resolution is nice, and it's very clear, that's something that most netbooks don't have, and it definitely gets it some points with me. This computer works well for - as I said - basic computation. Word, Excel, Panda Radio, and being the worlds most expensive MP3 player.If you want a good gaming computer for this price, go Asus or even Sony Vaio, you can customize your computer, get twice the specs, for a fraction of the price. I would not recommend this for anyone. It has the title of the worlds fastest netbook, that should have been my first clue, because that's what this is, a netbook, and it has the performance of one. For all it's luster, it just falls short from what it's advertised to be. A gaming laptop. It is not that, unless you're the world champion at minesweeper, then have at it!Keep in mind it is possible I just received a faulty computer, I would suggest you read others comments and reviews with an open mind, but from my experience, this just isn't a good computer and for it's high price tag, you can definitely do better.
computer-alienware|I have been looking at this item for quite a while and finally pulled the trigger. My concerns with the speed of the processor on the Core 2 rather than i5 and i7 and the high price were my only reason not to buy. After reading about the battery hit taken on this with the faster processors and the price dropping about $100 so that the price difference with the i7 become quite large, I decided to go with the Core 2 and I am glad I did.First off, the screen is glossy and only of average brightness but the viewing angles and the ability to turn the contrast all the way up and still see a good picture a plus. Second, there is no bluetooth but there are so many tiny dongles these days it isn't a huge issue for your mouse or headphones - just use of one the three usb ports. Third, the reason to buy this is for gaming and I am happy to say I was able to load all my games on the spacious 320gb hard drive with room to spare and they are all playable anywhere from medium to ultra settings. I play almost exclusively real-time strategy titles such as StarCraft II and the Command and Conquer titles. They all run really good.The build quality is phenomenal on this thing. It is fun to just look at and admire. Being able to change the lighting in five zones and in various ways makes night computing perfect. The small keyboard is a little tougher to type on than a chic-lit style on a netbook but the razor sharp backlighting makes it work out fine after a little practice. Touch typing works great. The wrist area does not show fingerprints, the mouse has a great texture and really soft press buttons but I use an external mouse.My first unit did not work the second day. It went black screen on me and Amazon shipped me a replacement the very next day that has been perfect. I also went into the bios on the second one and enabled turbo mode and it works - no blue screens.I spent all day loading up my gaming titles and look forward to playing on the go and around the house a lot more now. I was also pleased that 1080p YouTube worked flawlessly and my programs seem snappy. So far, so good, enjoying it. The kids love it too and like to change the keyboard to pink for the girls and incredible hulk green for the boys.A fun toy, I hope to enjoy for a long time, and recommend.
computer-alienware|Alienware m11x is most powerful 11.6" laptop in the market comparing with all other 11.6"/12.1" netbooks/laptops.I would give this laptop 5 stars if I write this review in the begining of 2010 because it comes with Intel C2D SU7300 (Performance closer to Intel C2D T5670) and Nvidia GT335m (Performance closer to ATI5730) provding good enough computing power plus graphic engine to play all current PC games at least mid graphic setting.Why do I only give 3 stars for it after half year?Because Alienware m11x has the 2nd generation and current amazon price is higher.The 2nd generation comes with i5 or i7 processors instead of original C2D SU7300, and Dell normally proivde discount coupon to the customer.I purchased my i5-520um, Nvidia GT335, 4GB Ram, 160GB HDD, and Bluetooth m11x per "$920 + tax" after 100 off coupon from Dell.Let's compare with another similar model Lenovo U160, which is also 11.6"/12.1" laptop with i5/i7, but its selling price is $1000+ without any GPU. As you already knew, Alienware gives you i5/i7 with GPU (Nvidia GT335m) and better cost.Beside powerful specs, m11x is easier 11.6" laptop for you to upgrade memory, hard drive, and wifi card. It's the reason I choose 2.5" 160GB hard drive. You can easy get a 2.5" 500GB hard drive in between $50 to $60 to replace the 160GB one without paying Dell like $100. You can check youtube, and find out how easy that you can change those components inside Alienware m11x and how hard for you to change componetns within other 12.1" laptop/netbook hard drive such as ASUS EEE PC 12" series. Alienware did a great job providing user easier way to upgrade the system.Well, we know that price is higher than EEE PC and other 12.1"/11.6" netbook, but it's a i5/i7/C2D LAPTOP (NOT A NETBOOK) with Nvidia GT335m and up to 8 hours battery life making a unbeatable conditions for user.Currently, DELL Price is $949 for i5 alienware m11x (2GB Ram + 160GB Hard drive) before all upgrades and discount coupon. For C2D SU7300 m11x (2GB Ram + 160GB Hard drive) starts from $799. That isn't a final cost because Dell keeps providing discount coupons very offen.I would say current Amazon posted Alienware SU7300, 4GM Ram, and 320GB hard driver making a good combination, but $999 is too high (You can m11x i5 version as $999). If they can cost down SU7300 m11x in between $849 and $899, it will be very worth to buy it.If you have budget more than $800 for a thin, light, and powerful gaming laptop. It will be the best choice.
computer-alienware|This thing is perfect for me. Its light, compact, long battery life, and has the GPU needed to play my games on medium settings. I sometimes have to carry alot of other gear so the compactness and light weight is very nice. I have used the ASUS G73 series (they make great desktop replacment systems and are very powerful) but those are WAY to big and heavy for my intended use. I wont get into the lights issue as that has already been covered in other reviews.I did ALOT of research before this purchase. I really wanted the R2 version with the i7 processor and optimus. However I went to several forums and there are many problems with the i5/i7, optimus, and DX10 when it comes to games like Civ V. The R1 has manually switching (FN+F6) and drivers that work really well with DX10. I really like the manually switching to save battery life when doing mundane tasks that dont need the 335M GPU. I also downloaded the updated BIOS (A05) and all the other drivers from the dell website and they all work fine.I played the Civ V demo with everything on medium with textures and water on high at max resolution and it was very smooth. Company of Heroes online (the best RTS EVER made, its free and its even better than SC2!) plays perfectly on this machine. It also came with Portal for free on Steam, and it plays flawlessly with everything on high. I dont play very many FPS on PC because I have a 360 and PS3 and thats what all of my friends have. I also have a custom gaming desktop rig that I built my self using MSI parts so if I want to do some heavy PC gaming at home I use that.After I updated the BIOS I was able to overclock the CPU to 1.6 according to CPUZ (great program). The overclocked Core Duo is comparable to an i3 when it comes to speed, the i5/i7 really isnt that much faster, and the battery life takes a big hit too. Some games run better on the R1 and a few R2 users have even traded in their systems to go back to the R1.The R2 version from [...] will cost you around $1200 out the door with the same specs (except the processor and bluetooth) as this one on amazon. The R1 comes in cosmic black vs the R2 soft touch stealth black. You cant really go wrong the R1 or R2 but there is a well documented hinge issue on both machines if you look on other forums such as [...]. I guess I got a good one because the screen does NOT touch the keyboard on mine. Also the screen is really glossy. I dont use this outdoors so it is not an issue for me but it could be a deal breaker for others.So if you need a light, extremely portable laptop, and want to play some Company of Heroes, SC2, or Civ V on the move, get the M11x. If you want a big, super powerful, heavy, low battery life destop replacement then look elsewhere.
computer-alienware|Dell's m11x is a wonderful, fast gaming laptop with one FATAL flaw: it has a design defect; the screen hinges separate from the chassis with normal use. This defect has occurred in a LOT of computers. Close to 100 are listed on one fan website alone. So far, Dell has not acknowledged this defect, nor have they affected reasonable solutions like extending the warranty on the hinges and tasking an engineer to design a permanent fix. Let me state this again; this is a design defect on the part of Dell and not the fault of the users. Check out the fan forums on Notebookreview or other websites if you need more feedback. This is a great little computer but Dell needs to own up to their design mistake.
computer-alienware|First off, I'd like to say that this computer defies what I think of as a "gaming" computer. It's so small, so light, and has such a long battery life, that I am literally in awe. I got this machine back in April, and let me tell you, it is sickkk!Pros:Very fast. Don't let ghz fool you, this was way snappier than my HP 2.0ghz AMD Turion X-2 laptop.Light and small: It's smaller than my textbooks, but oh so much more powerful!Long battery life: Usually I sit in the morning and have it surfing for breakfast, full brightness, playing music, and it estimates the remaining battery to be about 6 hrs. If I tone down brightness and turn off the tunes, it gets to about 7.5 hours.Graphics are fantastic: FN+F6 and this baby cuts through WoW like butter. The Sims 3 is fluid, Borderlands flies, and I can get through Just Cause 2 with a few tiny hiccups. I love it. And I often output to my 32" TV on HDMI, and it still races.Ridiculous looks from people who haven't seen an alienware in person: They stare in awe usually, then, even though they obviously know, ask "is that an alienware?" This is when you get to put on your snide smirk and say "Why yes, yes it is." This makes them extremely jealous. And you get satisfaction.Not-So-Goods:My hinges busted. Yes, this seems to be a common problem with these little bad boys. Luckily, Dell sent me a box to send it back in, and I am going to get it repaired for free.Sometimes the lights go epileptic: Yeah, sometimes my lighting scheme seems like it can't decide what it's doing, so it flashes from one color to the next until i open the Command Center and change the colors. Mild annoyance.Sometimes it won't boot out of sleep mode, it just sits at the screen with the flashing _ : So I just reboot. Still annoying.Overall, I'd HIGHLY recommend this laptop if you're like me: A college student that needs a computer for school, and likes to get his game on when not studying. 9/10, if it weren't for these damned hinges, it would be 10/10.
computer-alienware|I bought this computer in may 2011 when it first came out. After having this machine for almost a year and half, I can say that I'm thoroughly disappointed. When I bought this computer, I thought it was amazing. Games ran smoothly at relatively high settings, i could run a game in windowed mode and have a browser with several tabs open, and overall I was very pleased.However, this did not last. Soon, within a month, the computer started to have problems. I bought it for summer gaming use, and where I live it is quite hot. This is a large computer packed into a tiny case. Therefore, the fan is far underpowered when it comes to long-term use. This in turn caused the computer to slow. I ended up buying an external cooler which helped, but the list of problems continued. Games started to freeze around 4 months after I bought the computer. A game would start loading, then stop, become unresponsive, try to restart, then crash. This only happened maybe one a week back then. Now, it happens about 50% of the time.The state of the computer got worse around 6 months after I bought it. Programs such as firefox could not open or close without freezing the computer for at least 5-10 minutes. I would click on the icon, and I could do nothing else on my computer for several minutes after. At first I thought it was some sort of malware, but after running several different anti-virus softwares, I was stumped. I then thought it might just be a programming problem within firefox and some of my games, but when i downloaded other browsers such as google chrome, the same thing occurred.At around April of this year, almost a year after buying the computer, things got even worse. The computer now can not be shut off, except by manually holding the alien head button. I have a very tech-savvy brother who I called for help the first time the "shut down" screen froze. There was nothing he could do to help. The task manager also often freezes. Adobe flash player crashes about once an hour, and if I have a game and a browser open at the same time, the game will run at 5 frames per second at the lowest settings. This trend has continued up until this point (August, 2012), and I can say that I am not happy in the least with how this computer has turned out. The list of problems continues, but I think I have made my point.I understand that is only a small, portable, gaming rig, however, no computer should ever run this poorly. I bought this computer as a functional, portable, gaming computer that I could take with me on my travels. It turned into the worst thousand dollars that I have ever spent. I am not all negative, however! The computer looks, pardon my language, very badass. The keyboard lights are a very fun touch. The overall design (aside from the fan) of the computer seems to be well thought out and functional. The keyboard is slightly smaller than other computers, but it's fine once you get used to it. Occasionally, if I'm lucky and I close all other programs, I can get a game to run at low setting at about 40 FPS. This changes once there is any graphically intense moment, but for the usual solo online games (starcraft, WoW, CoD) it is decent for about 40 minutes. Then all hell breaks loose and I again regret my purchase.For all those considering purchasing this machine, please make sure it is the right thing for you. Maybe I just got a bad computer, but I would not recommend buying this computer. The awesome looks do not make up for, in any way, the awful performance of this computer. I am getting a new computer this week, and I intend to "toss" this abomination off a bridge. Or I may donate it to a goodwill type service, but I do not think I am that cruel.
computer-alienware|This review is for the R2 version.I like power, but I also wanted something more portable. Having lugged around heavy machines, I really wanted something lightweight that could handle a majority of my computing needs, yet still have some "fun" factor when I wanted.Earlier this year, I purchased a HP 311 netbook. Very lightweight machine, and it was equiped with a Nvidia ION chipset. I want to say the netbook accomplished most of my needs. It was capable of light work, and gaming. It had a decent run time of 5 hours. The size was so convenient, I found it easy to take with me wherever I went. The biggest problem was the limitation of ram, and when working with real business applications like Office, it would bog the machine down.Back to searching for a new machine. The goals were 13" size screen. Some decent mid-range power, yet enough run time that I could go cordless without having to feel like I needed to plug in constantly. An important feature if you like to use the machine on plane trips.Enter the Alienware M11x. This machine was priced out of my initial pricepoint, so I did not catch the original release earlier this year when I was researching new machines. In my recent research, there really was little to challenge this machine. I think the ASUS ul30 series may be the closest, but still doesn't offer the same video power.This machine is a bit heavier than my HP 311, so it isn't quite as convenient to tote around, but it offers so much more power. A balance trade off that I'm willing to accept. The run time is even better than my HP 311 mini, although I would have liked to see a removeable battery. Neither the HP311 or this M11x has an optical drive, but I have several main machines, so this did not bother me one bit. I bought a LG GSA-E50L DVD USB powered burner that I keep in my backpack, but honestly, I've only used it a handful of occasions. The first time you pick up the tiny machine, you'll notice the chassis is solid and the surface has a nice feel.This machine is more powerful than the full size notebook given to me by the company I work for. I just lock the other machine at my desk now and carry this as my portable. The Alienware lights don't necessarily display a "business" attitude, but it can be quickly disabled. I kind of discounted the lighted keyboard, but it does come in very handy when working in dark situations, or late in the evening in bed.I splurged for the i7 processor and larger hard drive, but went with only 4GB of ram to avoid maxing out the price. The build of the laptop is very solid. The touchpad has a rough texture, and works better than the smooth surface of my hp311. The touchpad buttons depress very softly and have a nice feel. Only drawback is the size of the keys on the keyboard, but it is the tradeoff again in having such a small package.LCD screen has a slight glossy look, which is great in most situations, but can be problematic with glare in others. The screen does not seem to quite match my previous HP in color or brightness, but it is still very good.If you are really looking for a more complete gaming system, the Alienware M15x big brother may be a better choice, although at a very high price. Or if you are looking for a business class machine, I would suggest other options.The M11x offers a mix of performance that I find works great as a personal machine for fun, yet has enough power to be used for business. The size, battery run time, and the build quality is great for the business warrior on the go. Just remember to disable the glowing lights for work.
computer-alienware|Immediately after buying this laptop, I noticed a few things. Unlike my old laptop, there was no need for a cooling pad beneath it. While the M11X runs rather hot for a laptop, the cooling system inside does a more than adequate job of keeping the temp in check. If you use it for graphics intensive software, however, you may notice warm hands. The heat seems to come through the keyboard a bit more than your average laptop. The customizable "Alien Effects" are also pretty cool. Anything in the picture that's colored is actually customizable. You can make a rainbow across your keyboard, or (like me), have the computer display different colors for different situations (ie flash for low battery, red while unplugged, green for gaming, dark while watching movies, etc). You'll quickly notice the speed of alienware is really unparalleled for such a compact computer. No matter what you do, this computer is probably overkill (especially if you add the i7 processor and optimized dedicated graphics card). I use it for Solid Modeling on AutoCAD and SolidWorks, in addition to Starcraft, Skyrim, Flight Simulators, and more. Normally, this would be very taxing, time consuming, and lag-intensive on a laptop, but I regularly run all these programs and games at maximum settings with little difficulty - sometimes concurrently.With regards to ergonomics, the laptop is extremely portable at just 11.6 inches across. Compared to the similar product by iBuyPower, this computer is far more sturdy (won't bend when you press the sides of the mouse pad, the back of the screen, or when twisted), and as I've already found out, quite resistant to falls, shaking, and cleaning chemicals. The iBuyPower version with similar features is a bit easier to clean, however. Dust, hair, sand, and other small particles are extremely difficult to remove from the keyboard or inside of the cooling vents of the M11X, though purchasing a "can of air" from Wal-Mart or similar store fixes this without too much effort. While connecting an external mouse is easy with three USB ports, if you're right handed, the mouse will conflict with the other two USB ports in addition to the three included audio ports (one audio in, two audio out). Finally, if you're the kind of user who likes to sit with their laptop...well...on top of their lap, you'll be hard pressed to find a position that doesn't either block the air intake (on the bottom, in the rear left) or the heat exhaust (roughly 1/3 of the back panel below the left hinges).Note: I purchased this item directly from the Dell: Alienware website and used the customization tools found there. My M11X includes the Intel i7 Processor (costly, but necessary with what I use it for), 8.0 Gigabytes of RAM, and the best Nvidia graphics card available as an option for the laptop. Buying directly from Amazon.com may yield different results. I'm a motorcyclist and a gamer, so it's nice to have a computer small enough to fit in a motorcycle luggage pouch, but powerful enough to design a jet or storm some dungeons.I'll give it a 5 for performance/portability, 5 for price/value, and 4 for ergonomics/construction. 4.7 overall.
computer-alienware|Update:Now after owning for about 15 months, during which its never been dropped or compromised, I've had 4 critical issues. The hinge broke twice (replaced twice, each time requiring 5 hours of my time), the mother board fried once, and more recently the battery is again having a connection problem that causes the laptop to shut off on its own when on battery power. Called and was told to replace the battery (at my expense, even though I had a four warranty a faulty battery is considered a peripheral and it not covered). Not exaggerating, I'm put in 30 hours on the phone or troubleshooting b/c of Dell's poor workmanship/engineering. I'm just going to sell this junk on ebay and get another computer. please pass on the "new" Dell owned alienware. It's cheaper, looks pretty, has great specs, but it's junk.I'd had this for about 8 months. The honeymoon is over for this computer and Alienware in general:1) The hinge is broken due to an engineering problem (google "m11x hinge"). I've been waiting for them to fix it/address it for weeks to months now. I've spent many unnecessary hours waiting to talk to CS or getting no useful help from Customer Service. I was hung up on twice by the their service team.2) the computer shuts off on its own (even after turning off the accelerator). I spent hours trying to fix it with their service team. the technician they sent said he was confused and could not help me and to 'call back' to open another service issue.3) even when purchasing the thing, it was close to a 3 hour process over the phone.4) the computer feels 'junky'. The parts (side panels), hinge, stoppers, etc are made of a cheaper plastics, glues, and have already noticeably begun to fall apart. All stoppers on teh bottom computer have come off, and one of the top stoppers that rests between the keyboard and screen has popped off.As context, I had, cared for, and used a Dell XPS for 5 years straight with no issues due to my mishandling of the product. This is a clearly sub-quality product.Buy another computer, and I would advise not an Alienware. It is really not worth it.
computer-alienware|It can play games on it. It's also about 4-5 pounds to carry. This was my first Alienware product. It's good for beginners. It does slow down a bit after a while of use. You will realize the graphics card is not as great as the bigger models. Everything else is fine, but the graphics card is not good at all. Because of my inexperience, I purchased this model like a fat kid in a candy store. Now that I know better, I would have purchased something with a better graphics card and something with a SSD hard drive. I had no prior knowledge of what these things were or even existed before purchasing this computer. My next computer will of course be more powerful. There is one universal advantage that will be hard to replicate for a few years and that is its size.I can see myself using it for travel, which I have done. It's also good for blogging, coding, research, etc. But the games like Diablo 3 and League of Legends are running a bit slowly. With max settings or the lowest settings, you'll think you need a new computer. I wouldn't recommend this model for hardcore gaming. It's just not there. It's okay for fun, but not competition. You really need to look somewhere else if you need a powerhouse computer for gaming. For videos and everything else, it's perfect.
