computer_ibook_g4|It definitely did not meet my expectations. There were certain problems with it that I couldn't deal with so I will be reselling it soon.
computer_ibook_g4|Ok is not bad at all thanks for all . I hope you can help in the future good bye.
computer_ibook_g4|its an ibook not actual laptop. also dies randomly and refuses to turn back on. its just not that great.
computer_ibook_g4|I don't know anything about makes or models, but I had thought that all Macs were $1,000-- how is this model so cheap? Will it still allow me to watch hulu and burn cds?---Grandpa Questions
computer_ibook_g4|Hi, does that laptop have a webcam? and is it working with WLAN??I can't figure it out, if it is one there on no.Thanks for your help!
computer_ibook_g4|Some people say it is very bad and others say it is good. Is it good or bad? Can you people out there help me?
computer_ibook_g4|computer was large and very heavy cold not get apple to work with time warner srvice am sending this product back i need a dell mini compact computer which was what i thought this appple was by the name mini please replace it with that one that will work with the local internet service provivde by time warner cable in mesquite, tx. thanks . not happy at all took 2 days after the posted time to recive etc.
computer_ibook_g4|i was never buy a laptop from them no more that why i buying a iphone now it more better
computer_ibook_g4|Love it and it work so good an now I need a print so I can get some thing off the computer an copy it so.I can have
computer_ibook_g4|Does this computer work with the Sims 3? I like the sims and I'm not sure if it will work! Thanks...
computer_ibook_g4|iBook was in good shape. Doesn't hold the longest charge by itself but since this is our extra laptop just for searching the Internet it works great.
computer_ibook_g4|I am a new user of Apple Products and very unseasoned in these types of technologies. But, I heard so much about like products that I decided to give it a try. The purchase in itself was a great deal!
computer_ibook_g4|Couldn't be happier. Just the right tool for degenerative appendages. Thank you Apple. You continue to be a leader in the field.
computer_ibook_g4|I have been a pure IBM user since 1983. Due to bringing an invention to market that is software - based, I needed an apple to program as an alternative to windows.My first apple was the iBook G4 which I learned would not be appropriate for my invention. I quickly contacted BetaMacs and worked with Chris who suggested an upgrade to a MacBook.I am typing this review on my new MacBook that has more than exceeded my expectations and requirements to produce an apple version of my product.&#34;HIGHEST Praise!!!&#34;
computer_ibook_g4|i realy liked this item it looked brand new a work s really well i would highly recommend this product
computer_ibook_g4|the deliver was fast nuttin wroung with the laptop it looks like new everything works its a nice computer runs fast plays dvds but the only thing is u can only use old version of everything its out dated and u cant put nuttin new on this computer it connects right on to the internet its a good search the web computer
computer_ibook_g4|I brought this for my 13 year old son and he loves i just wish it had a web cam so now I half to order him a web cam
computer_ibook_g4|Although it was my mess up and didnt read it like I should have I still thought this product was some what punctual but it came exactly as described in the info for the item. I was happy to see there were no surprises, no blemishes on the screen or dead pixels it even came with a charge on the battery I will be shopping here again in the near future!!!!!!!!!
computer_ibook_g4|great computer for the price. this is good for basic internet use and maybe for first time mac users. it is an older mac but its still meets my needs.
computer_ibook_g4|I dnt like it.....wanted a macbook pro...also tried a refund bt it didnt go thru im guessin bt the order was a mistake
computer_ibook_g4|My I book worked 3 times on the 4 th the screen wouldn't turn on. I sent it back and got an HP laptop.
computer_ibook_g4|The most funnest laptop ever to be created.My family acquired a Mac PAC Laptop about a year or so ago. This machine is very fascinating. It's sleek and light. The one we have is silver, but it comes in different colors including the cases. This Mac Pac Laptop is a useful item for business people, teens and perhaps younger children. It can make movies, play movies and even run a television set. It may help keep kids entertained if you're busy, stressed or just plain old tired out. Anything you get on the laptop, you can put on the television. It would be fun to run a television just with a laptop.My cousin and I always use this Mac PAC whenever we have sleepovers. At around 7:15, we're up watching Iron Man or Thor. We like to mess around with the camera too. We take pictures and the edit them. After that, we blow them up onto the TV for a bigger and better look. We make them as funny as possible. We always change the nose and mouth mostly. It looks extremely hilarious.Anyone who likes to enjoy themselves would really enjoy this laptop. With over several features, this is an exciting experience. It may look like a lame laptop on the outside. On the inside, that is all different. When it's turned on, it's an irregular wonderful computer! Anyone and everyone should deserve a Mac PAC. this powerful piece of machinery and art crammed together is hard to resist. My family didn't hesitate on buying one. Your family shouldn't either. This would be a great time to have an enjoyable time and adventure. Don't prolong on what you can do today. My adventure has already started. When will yours? This is an enormous step towards the future. But the future is here right now. I know you won't have any complaints when you purchase one of these. Your adventure starts today with a Mac PAC Laptop.
computer_ibook_g4|This used Ibook is great. This is a quality product from apple. The laptop is smooth and fast. I was able to preform Many different tasks at one time. A great laptop for school and anything els for under $250.00. Thank you Apple. DR Bargains Is a great seller.
computer_ibook_g4|this refurbished ibook g4 is great, very clean , and just like new. I've had it for 2days, i mainly got it to do school work.. I've heard that you couldn't watch youtube videos on it but you can! It only had a couple scratches that are really small and its not loose or wiggly, i also have all the buttons on the keyboard, speakers sound incredible . im still amazed on how a great deal this was . i purchased it from the seller (kelly computer services) i couldn't be happier!!!
computer_ibook_g4|The company was very friendly checking on the product and their service. I would recommend the company to a friend. The iBook comes in handy for my environment, I enjoy the product very much.
computer_ibook_g4|I brought this ibook g4 from amazon and i cant believe i got for a low price. Its better than what I expected. Its like brand new. the best laptop i ever had.
computer_ibook_g4|The laptop didn't actually close properly, it was stained badly, and the battery died completely after only having it a few months. Thanks guys!
computer_ibook_g4|a bit of a rip off if you do not know that apple has changed their operating sistum and it is little more than a toy
computer_ibook_g4|This item was well priced, I received it very quickly and although I had to return this, I was given AWESOME customer service...
computer_ibook_g4|My purchased was broken and ever worked properly. I wanted to returned it however never got the time to do it
computer_ibook_g4|The computer works fine but if I knew that Apple and others like ATT no longer support the IBook G4 I would not have bought it. I do not recall anything in the product description regarding this. Cannot download certain upgrades like Flashpoint. Cannot do certain things on ATT's website. etc.
computer_ibook_g4|I will start off with that the iBook looks better than I was expecting it to be. It works fine, although I have to mention a few points:- Combo drive did work for the first time; later it quit working while my DVD was in it. I could give it back for repair, but I can live with it. I cannot afford to lose more of my precious college time when I have to prepare a presentation for 35 people (I always can attach external DVD, may I need to) After all, it's 7 years old.- Although the bottom of the LCD case is loose, it does not interfere with my work on the iBook.-RAM is 768MB, not 1GB. I don't mind.- I got a cheap replacement adapter (on AMAZON for 8 dollars) in the box BUT it is long and way more comfortable that original APPLE charger- The battery was dead after half an hour but it's minor; I will use my old one from my broken Apple PowerBook if it will fit.Overall for 212.00 pretty good APPLE.
computer_ibook_g4|Received my apple laptop on 2/25/13. First time using it was 3/1/13 and the mouse won't move and the screen blinks on and off.....need to know how to return or exchange it for another one.....
computer_ibook_g4|Simply horrible. I purchased this laptop for my mother and it didn't last even 2 months before the screen started flickering upon opening. That being the case, I told my mother to leave the computer open and plugged in (the battery pack quality was also unacceptably low. Laptop wouldn't last even a minute without the adapter connected). Thought I found a loophole in the cheap computer, but leaving it open made no difference. Tossed the computer 2 weeks ago. Too bad I can't give this 0 stars. Word of advice, keep looking.
computer_ibook_g4|Purchased this lap top for my younger son (12) to do homework and play games. Way too slow for him to go on the internet.
computer_ibook_g4|I ordered this laptop for school, i am very pleased with it. It runs perfectly and is in great condition. The battery holds the charge great. I would highly advise you to buy computers from them :)
computer_ibook_g4|it was so white and beautiful and clean when i recived the package. it turned on fine internet and display was brilliant. but after i shut it off and tried to turn it on again it wouldnt leave the apple and processing circle. so i turned it off than back on and waited. i sent an email to the person who sold it to me and they were very respectfull and understanding and offered for me to send that one back for eathier a refund or a replacement. i think the reason it wasnt leaving the processing screen was because fedex had been rough with the box u could tell by the tape and the box and plus when i took it out of the packageing the laptop was really cold not normal for one. it wasnt the sellers fault that the laptop was messed up it was fedex who should of taken better care of the package not knowing what was inside. fedex really damaged my laptop.
computer_ibook_g4|I received three of my laptops last week and I am very pleased with them! They were well wrapped and packaged and each came with its required equipment i.e. charger. I will be ordering more from here in the future because I received great customer service from this company when FedEx could not locate my address. Do not hesitate to buy from here!!
computer_ibook_g4|The iBook dose not perform as described in listing. Adobe flash, web browsers,USB webcam no longer supports the iBook. I was told by the seller I should have check into that before buying. Well I did. I did not find anywhere that the computer was so out dated it no longer performed as stated. All the reviews that I could fine were from 2010 and no newer reviews could be found. I do not recommend the iBook but I do recommend the MacBook Core 2 Duo.
computer_ibook_g4|I bought this as a Christmas gift for my daughter and it was very dirty when I opend the box which would have been okay but as she was using it for the first time the screen is constanty freezing or the screen is turning blue and she is unable to use it. So no it just sits here not being used it was a waste of my money and a big dissapointment to my daughter.
computer_ibook_g4|Product arrived faster than expected, and booted up right out of the box. The book was a little worn, but less than I expected. The charger broke in two days, but still works and are cheap to replace. The new battery works great. I bought this as a way to try out a mac system, and now I will be looking to buy a newer and faster OS. After using the iBook for a while, I am very pleased with the purchase.
computer_ibook_g4|I bought this refurbished because I had never owned a Mac and wanted to see if I would like it. It will not download any version of Adobe Player, so I can't watch any internet videos on it (which the seller knew, because I called them), and a couple of months after I got it, the back light quit working. Truthfully, the screen is too small anyway (my fault for buying it) but now that it doesn't light up, it is extremely hard to read. It was really a waste of my money - glad it wasn't more.
computer_ibook_g4|Its a solid computer, might need to up the speed but overall very nice an clean. I am looking for another for myself
computer_ibook_g4|I love the....who am i kidding i love ALL Mac products.The people are so nice and helpful.I would only shop from them.
computer_ibook_g4|When I bought this laptop and i got it home it was nothing like the picture. Extremely old, scratches every where and awful. Wasn't very happy but since it was for my daughter and he mainly uses it for Facebook I let it slide. Worked fine for two months then all of the sudden stopped working after only a month and a half. When contacted the seller I was first told to send it back cause they were going to fix it. Then, after waiting for a week with no answered, call the seller and the same person who advice me to mail it then said he couldn't do anything about it. He was not going to fix either return or credit the money. So basically i lost over $200 just like that.Do not get anything from this people. Don't keep buying products from them and keep them in business. They deserve no star at all.
computer_ibook_g4|I receive MY macbook got started right away and loving it. I took my unit to my cousins home for him to look at it. He says the unit is in fantastic condition and loaded with great software.
computer_ibook_g4|I bought this for my granddaughter to use for college and she absolutely loves it. Has everything she needs for her assignments plus even extras. Can't afford a new Apple so this was perfect for her needs. Came in excellent condition (looked just like new) and everything worked. She's pleased, I'm pleased and my pocketbook is pleased. This is the 2nd one I have purchased from Discount Mac (bought one for hubby cause he just likes to surf and wanted something that's fast) and I 100% recommend Discount Mac to anyone that's looking for an Apple at a great price.
computer_ibook_g4|Excellent! Above and beyond! I thought I had a problem but I didn't!This man fixed me up with a great attitude! Love'em! Will do businessagain!
computer_ibook_g4|Bought this as an older used but "like new" unit. Looks new works new. Got it for my son and he uses it for all his social network and music downloading needs. No problems at all. I recommend it
computer_ibook_g4|this was a great purchase. The battery life in good, the ease of use is good, operates faster then I expected - faster than I use to with a pc
computer_ibook_g4|I am a IT Networking student that is almost finished with my degree. I got a temp job working for the school district and it may turn permanent. I am very good with windows and linux and I am a hardware geek. When I interviewed for the position they asked what experience I had with macs. Almost the entire school system was on macs because they got tired of viruses. I said none, I have only ever met a couple of people that used them and non that needed repairs. I told them I could learn quickly and pickup as I go and they hired me. Not wanting to fumble around on their time I picked up this laptop to get used to how it works and learn about it. I have learned a good bit about macs with it and find im getting my work done quickly because of the practice.I must warn you if you have ideas about upgrading the hard drive it is difficult. You just about have to completely disassemble the laptop to get it. Like pealing a onion. The memory on my laptop is 1 gig. I have installed several programs including virtualpc for mac and installed several os, like dos, win2000, xp, and win2003. Well win2003 was a little lagy the rest worked very well and share folder setup very quick.I would sugest getting the os version that just has ppc architecture. If you have the os that has both you are loosing about 10gig. This laptop comes with 40gig so that is 25% of your space.The battery is very good. I usually get about 4 hrs on it. You would consider this is good by pc standards but consider that when this was new the time was about 6 hrs. There are things you can get like duel battery chargers that charge and maintain two batters so you always have power. Batteries range from $25-60.At my school I and others have had a problem with staying connected to the net or even being able to connect.With the mac i have not had one problem with connections. It works very well.All told the laptop runs very quickly for the amount of memory I have. I am able to carry it around when working on my tasks easily. I also carry it in my backpack to classes. It is very small and although there are some lighter laptops it is a managable weight.
computer_ibook_g4|Apple iBook Laptop, G4 iBook 1.33GHz Processor, 1GB, 40GB, 12.1" 1024x768 Display, Combo Drive ,WiFi, 56K Modem ,10/100 Ethernet , Bluetooth, OS X 10.5 installed, Refurbished ( yes ok, well that is what it said. It is a VERY OLD model and not at all what is photographed, (circa 1985) it turned on but the casing was very shaky and loose, there was a mildew or some gross stain between the apple feature on the outside and the monitor wiggles a bit; not to mention the cracks in the item itself. Not all together sure if it was the way it was packaged but no matter. it arrived in a very bent US mail box. The power cord connecter was bent and had to be straightened out with plies. I purchased the mid ranged one, thinking it would be in better condition, but maybe if you pay more you get more from this dealer, I don't know. A suggestion would be for the dealer to use the actual product photograph and not the current model, it rings of false advertising. This may only be me and my run of luck but the term, Buyer beware applies here.
computer_ibook_g4|The laptop arrived in better shape than I had anticipated, as it was purchased as "used." Kind of scary to buy a used computer via the internet, but this worked out great.
computer_ibook_g4|I bought this computer for my Granddaughter. She loves it. It is compact enough to take in her backpack. The screen is big enough to study with. She is 16 yrs old and thinks its cute as well so I feel she studies more with it.
computer_ibook_g4|I wasn't expecting much when I purchased this used "refurbished" item, but upon a month of using this laptop, it has worked GREAT. No defects so far and the customer service provided was comforting and safe. Thank you!
computer_ibook_g4|I bought this laptop computer for a friend. He paid me for it. I asked him about it recently. He said he was enjoying the use of it. He downloads music and plays games. He said he is glad he got it. It works fine. He prefers Apple products.
computer_ibook_g4|Wife and I bought these, for his and her computers for traveling etc. We were originally going to get netbooks, but decided to go with the older iBooks. Best decision we could have made. These things, are faster then netbooks of CURRENT age. They do everything a netbook does, just faster. For an older laptop, they hold up very well for there age!
computer_ibook_g4|Apple iBook Laptop, G4 iBook 1.33GHz Processor, 1GB, 40GB, 12.1" 1024x768 Display, Combo Drive ,WiFi, 56K Modem ,10/100 Ethernet , Bluetooth, OS X 10.5 installed, Refurbishedby AppleThis product was in excent condition and was what I expected, Customer service is excellent!
computer_ibook_g4|Very very Good laptop.... it is a PPC so..you will have to deal with the problems but Overall..its Great. Items that actually arrive was the cable to charge it.. the computer itself.. not the other stuff shown in the pictures. Arrived on time.
computer_ibook_g4|I RECEIVED MY IBOOK G4 TODAY IT IS THE WORST BECAUSE I CANNOT CONNECT TO NOTHING.. I CANNOT CONNECT TO ITUNES IT WANT LET ME DO NOTHING BEWARE OF WHAT YOU BUY I AM NOT SATISFIED PLUS IT DIDNT COME WITH A RECOVERY DISK I FEEL LIKE MY MONEY WAS WASTE DOWN THE DRAIN,... THEY SAID YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR.. I BOUGHT SEVERAL THING FROM AMAZON NO PROBLEM AT ALL BUT THIS IBOOK G4 SUCKS SUCKS SUCKS... I CANT LOG ON NOTHING................ THIS IS WORST EVER THING I EVER BOUGHT....
computer_ibook_g4|Item in good condition, we'll kept, with all accessories included. I would definitely recommend to a friend ( and I have)!
computer_ibook_g4|It was in great condition but it was older than the one I had before and I'm having trouble finding a printer that will work with it.
computer_ibook_g4|Overall, this product is okay. The programs run smoothly. But the software isn't up to date with programs today. And the video feed is behind. I would say this laptop is good for a back-up computer. But seller is very courteous and responds to any questions I had.
computer_ibook_g4|it wont let me download any thing ughhhhh.i really wish i could trade it in for something with a web cam..
computer_ibook_g4|I bought this Apple iBook Laptop for my daughter for Christmas - and so far it works great and we have had no problems at all.
computer_ibook_g4|Laptop is excellent, also comes everywhere with me when I want to switch laptops. Apple is the best. Great purchase.
computer_ibook_g4|I gave my daughter this laptop for her 12th birthday. It was an awesome gift and was a great machine to start out on. It does all the basic things she wants(face book, youtube,email) and I didn't have to spend 1500$ or more!
computer_ibook_g4|I love my iMac.....I am accustomed to using PC's, and after finally listening to my brother's advice to get a Mac, I did....and boy am I glad I did. It's an older model but fits my needs perfectly.....
