tablet-chromo.txt|It is great for my kid's they have fun playing games and surfing the web as well as watching netflex we like it
tablet-chromo.txt|Could not access app store. returned item because was not happy with purchase. They stated you could access app store but you could not.
tablet-chromo.txt|It did not stay connected to our wifi connection. All 3 we purchased for the kids were the same. We have 2 laptops and a direct connect computer that did not experience the same problems.
tablet-chromo.txt|I know what your thinking. How bad can it be for ~$75? It must be worth at least that. Well it isn't. It worked for two days and now it won't even turn on. Don't waste your time or money!
tablet-chromo.txt|I recieved my product after christmas and I was disappointed for my 9 year old son who this was for. We are only had this product since Dec. 27, 2012 and it will not charge at all. I am waiting for a new one the seller was easy to contact threw Amazon and very willing to help. hopefully the new tablet will be a wonderful tool for my son to have fun with.
tablet-chromo.txt|Have to give'em five starts because: I was leaving for vacation on Friday got the book right on time on Thursday and it was as described.
tablet-chromo.txt|Everything looks good except I have to turn the USB a lil bit before it picks it up and works
tablet-chromo.txt|Well to be honest i odder two for my kids and they works and looks good so far,they are refurbished but packed as new hope they last my kids a year!!!Not bad for $75
tablet-chromo.txt|this tablet is nothing i thought it was going to be and its super touchy and i bought a case and it was supposed to fit this 7in tablet and the tablet was too small i am planning on sending it back and i have only had it for an hour
tablet-chromo.txt|For what I paid for it, it's pretty awesome. My 4 & 5 yr olds think they have an expensive iPad like they see on tv. Loaded with games it's great for long car rides. I'll be purchasing another soon!
tablet-chromo.txt|Purchased 2. 1 worked great one not so much. Chargers are made bad. I will say they have corrected the problem and they are sending me another one.
tablet-chromo.txt|I love this tablet. It's sleek, and light, I use it all the time. This is worth the price. A great tablet to own.
tablet-chromo.txt|This is something I would never order again. Will be looking to purchase a new tablet. The battery life is horrible, charger that came in the package did not even work, I would not recommend this at all.
tablet-chromo.txt|SORRY BUT I HADN'T HAD IT A MONTH AND IT'S NOT WORKING RIGHT. THE BOOK SAID TROUBLE SHOOT IT. I SAT PLEASE SEND ME ANOTHER ONE. I REALLY HATE THAT IT
tablet-chromo.txt|I bought 2 of theses tablets for my 2 sons ages 9 & 12 and couldn't be more pleased. Both tablets came as described and have been working great right out of the box. Highly recommend for the price can't beat it.
tablet-chromo.txt|Short and Sweet..Item ordered Dec 10th.Email sent from Seller stating it was shipped Dec 11th estimated arrive Dec 19-21st.I sent two emails on the 23rd and 25th inquiring as to where the item was. NO Response.Dec 28th the item arrived, Postmarked Dec 23rd....December 31st...the seller responded stating the item was delayed due to high volume.Two days after I gave it to my niece the item suddenly rebooted and erased all installed apps.Two days later it happened again.. This product has no manual, no tech support.Seller1On1 only accepts computer returns within 30 days from the invoice date...I got screwed....
tablet-chromo.txt|Picture is great and its easy to use. Downside is when it locks up there is no way to reset it. Also very short battery life. I bought them for my kids and they are happy with them. Probably would not buy them again.
tablet-chromo.txt|My 12 year old got this for Christmas. Easy to use many free apps. She hasn't had any trouble with it at all. She loves it.
tablet-chromo.txt|not a bad tablet . it should of been dual camera though and a head set .. dilivery took a while
tablet-chromo.txt|la pila dura menos de dos horas y para algunas aplicaciones es lenta, para juegos y demas es exelente.... la recomiendo para ni&ntilde;os o adolecentes...
tablet-chromo.txt|I bought this tablet for my teenager, so he can play games on, it's the write size to go anywhere with.Thanks
tablet-chromo.txt|Although one of the accessories that came with the product was the incorrect one for the product, that issue was resolved immediately. As far as the Chromo itself goes, I find this to be a fine little machine; and it fits my needs perfectly. I am not highly &#34;tech savvy&#34;, but this easy to use and to me seems quite remarkable for the price. I have friends who have tablets, some of which were much more expensive than this one, but this one seems very comparable. I recommend it.
tablet-chromo.txt|Got 5 zee pad as a gift for Christmas and my nephews are loving it. I was contemplating if I should get it since its a week before Christmas. Emailed buyer and assured me it will arrive as estimated. True enough, I got all of them in time for Christmas. My nephews are so happy and they all jumped into playing their zee pad
tablet-chromo.txt|I was really expecting more from the info i saw. It's extra slow, bad graphics, and i can't even get recording programs. Which is what i bought it for.
tablet-chromo.txt|Even though the first one was not received, it was replaced immediately. I was highly satisfied with the product do to how easy it was to set up and the right size for my son. He uses it as a tool for school and also to keep him busy when at home. I would recommend this product to anyone who is not computer literate and also if you're looking for a low cost product.
tablet-chromo.txt|Excellent choice for our grandchildren. This item was for our 13 year old grandson, he loved it and still does, even though his dad got him a laptop.
tablet-chromo.txt|Its slow, the camera is horrible, the screen reminds me of a commador 64. Would not suggest this product for anyone
tablet-chromo.txt|A must say that my tablet came broken, but it was clear that was because of how the post office handled the box...I immediately communicated with cuatomer service and they are simply amazing....I just got back the tablet and its really nice...has the google play (altough some applications are not compatible) but overall really nice!! Cons: battery life not goot at all
tablet-chromo.txt|im really impressed with this ity bitty tablet:)its got all the android market apps from google play plus its small and light weight and easy to navigate.
tablet-chromo.txt|This is the second one now that has been sent to me and it doesent work right either. The first one would not charge at all and now the replacement one was doing okay, but after turning it off to charge now it wont turn back on. Here I go again and to top it off I just bought and downloaded 20.00 in music and movies
tablet-chromo.txt|We wanted to try a tablet for the kids and this one fits our family awesome. The kids use it everyday for musiic, games and fun!!
tablet-chromo.txt|I just bought the tablet and so far its great.but i cant figure out how to get 3g any help?
tablet-chromo.txt|I ordered a new tablet on Jan 5. Approximately 1 month later my tablet arrived. I am very disappointed. The touch screen is covered in scratches. The WiFi barely works. I van be in a perfect area & only get a low signal strength. The Play Store App opened 1 time to download an app but won't open anymore. I want either a refund or an exchange.
tablet-chromo.txt|Ordered jan 5th received feb 4th the tablets so far seen to be good my daughters like them,the battery life isnt long, but seems to work pretty good,other than taking a month to get them they are happy!
tablet-chromo.txt|I purchased this tablet for my God Daughter as a makeup Christmas gift. I had purchased another one which I ended up returning due to problems connecting to the internet or ability to get downloads. This was my first choice from Amazon but elected to purchase elsewhere. I should have went with my first choice. Needless to say, my God Daughter loves it.
tablet-chromo.txt|We knew we weren't purchasing top of the line tablets when we bought two of these, but what we got was far less than we expected. The touch screens don't align correctly, the battery life was terrible and it was just in general an unresponsive product. Save and spend the money on a more expensive, higher quality tablet!I will say that Seller1on1 provided top notch return service, though, with full refunds, which we really appreciated.
tablet-chromo.txt|This is probably the worst tablet ever. Yes it is cheap, well you don't even get what you pay for. It doesn't hold a charge, when you try to tap an icon/app, you have to tap it several times for it to do anything.
tablet-chromo.txt|I got this product for twitter and to play my games it runs them very well i am happy with this tablet best one you can get for the money
tablet-chromo.txt|It looks very cheaply made and its screen quality is poor. Looks like a toy than a tablet. Camera equality is ok
tablet-chromo.txt|I purchased two of the tablets for my kids for Christmas and we are very happy with them. Obviously, they are not the best tablets on the market, but for the price and for their intended purposes (games for a 4 and 7 year old, Skype and general internet usage) they are perfect.I have friends who purchased the kid-marketed Meeps for twice the price and all of them have had problem after problem and some have returned their tablets. Before ordering, we read all the reviews and were prepared to meet the occasional glitch, but thus far - with heavy daily use - we've been fully satisfied and are considering future purchases as gifts from other people.
tablet-chromo.txt|We bought this for my son for Christmas thinking that it would be good for him (he is 6) to watch Netflix and play Angry Birds and other little games on. This thing takes for ever to load one of the games (5+ minutes) and ever since we got it, it has only held a charge for around 5-10 minutes before completely being dead and having to plug it back in. When we got it we charged it to full, tested out angry birds and 5 minutes later it was showing at about 15% battery we thought that maybe we just did not let it charge long enough and made a mistake that it was not really at full. Well after a few times of this happening we realized that even if you let the battery charge and it says totally full as soon as you take it off the charger it will die really fast. It is ok for Netflix for our son but a pain if he has to sit right next to an outlet the whole time (the cord is really short.) We bought an extension cord so at least he can relax on the couch to play his game or use Netflix but he does not like playing the games because they take so long to load. I would say don't buy this and go with a better known brand for sure. We learned from our mistake.
tablet-chromo.txt|Good buy, was a gift for my 10 year old niece and she loves it. Did not come with any games but was able to download.
tablet-chromo.txt|con: camera does not take great pictures at all but bought for a kid who still has fun taking pictures and at this price, i really have no complaints so far
tablet-chromo.txt|Works great love the cool white color of it. Everything works fine, no issues. i would purchase from here again. Thanx...!!!!
tablet-chromo.txt|The tablet is very good but the only problem is that the battery dies to fast and also the charger for it does not fit correctly..but other then that I like it well I bought it for my son n he loves it so much that he can't seem to put it down.
tablet-chromo.txt|Good, specially for kids as a starters tablet. Some times there's non responsive areas on the screen. Download speed and set up are pretty good. Good buy for the price...
tablet-chromo.txt|It didn't work well from the beginning... it was hard to turn on, then as a few days went by couldn't turn it on unless it was charging... Then the charger broke... They did send me a paid postage return waiting on a full refund.
tablet-chromo.txt|I was very disappointed when I went to use the talking speak in the speaker does not work. Doesn't hold a charge very long you there
tablet-chromo.txt|This was a gift for my granddaughter and right now we are trying to navigate throught it. It doesn't seem to keep a charge for too lone.We have to keep recharging it. Perhaps this will improve with use.
tablet-chromo.txt|Not only was it over 20 days late the serial numbers had been wiped out i assume it was stolen why else would the serial be erased ??
tablet-chromo.txt|I have had the tablet for 2 months but have gave it to my son recently as a 9th bday present his second day of playing with it...he was sitting on the floor with it in his hand playing temple run and it accidentally dropped on our floor and instead of the screen on the outside getting any damage the scree on the inside cracked and now u can only see half of the game and the rest is pretty messed up !
tablet-chromo.txt|When box arrived it was smashed on one side..... the next day I had itOn the charger and my 2 yr old nefew droped it...I never got to really use it.So I got a dragon touch it was just mad so so much better.
tablet-chromo.txt|WE RETURN CAUSE IT WAS BROKE AND YOU PEOPLE SOLD OUT BEFORE YOU COULD SEND A REPLACEMENT OUT.IT WAS OKAY
tablet-chromo.txt|It runs slow freezes all the time turns off when your in the middle of a game in an app ... stinks
tablet-chromo.txt|Bought tablets from walmart for 5 & 6 yr olds hated them returned them bought these.....kids absolutly love these they play them everyday.....they also can do school programs on them and get books thru school book orders sent right to the tablet. My 2 year old uses them for watching mickey mouse videos and def thinking buying him one! Awesome products absolutly 150% satisfied!
tablet-chromo.txt|Bought 3 of these in Feb and 1 month later only one of them still works. There is no rest button on them and they won't hold a charge. I want my money back but I know I will never get it. When looking it up on line since there is no brand name (and ZeePad is not a brand name) you can't find any info on the piece of S***. Not only am I pissed about this but you have screwed my kids over. Thanks for nothing.
tablet-chromo.txt|Would not ever let me online,i am not happy at all. Really thought this was a good deal,instead it wad a big rip off
tablet-chromo.txt|Quite a few people buy these for their kids so they can play Android games. The battery doesn't last very long for gaming but it keeps the kids from begging to play game on the cell phone, they just hook it up to charge when it gets low. It's not very fast, but has all you need to browse the web and play games. My only complaint was that the USB connector was a bit loose so it wouldn't charge on one of the orders but it came with a regular pin type charger too which has a tight fit. If you just need cheap up-to-date tablet this will do.
tablet-chromo.txt|This tablet is my first tablet pc and overall I'm pleased with it.The tablet runs fine and has a lot of features for the price.I recomend it for first tablet buyers.
tablet-chromo.txt|Got tablet for my six year old an it want keep an charge, but after that nothing can say wrong with the item for the price paid for it
tablet-chromo.txt|I had problems ever since I turned it on. Runs very slow, feels cheap, doesn't connect well to wifi, and is overall a horrible product.
tablet-chromo.txt|My daughter got this machine for her three children great for children they love this machine would recommend this machine
tablet-chromo.txt|I didnt like this tablet at all. It kinda looked cheap to me. The pro of it was that it does have the real google play marketplace for apps. The seller resolved my problem and was very understanding. The seller is a good seller, the product is just not the best tablet but it is okay.
tablet-chromo.txt|I bought 3 of these 2 have cracked screens already and the other just shuts off for no reason I'm very unhappy with these tablets.
tablet-chromo.txt|I don't have any problems, working fine I buy it for a friend and she love it, thinking on buy one for my husband
tablet-chromo.txt|I purchased this item wanting something inexpensive and small. I thought thats what I was getting with this Tablet but unfortuntley when opened the box all my cords were used, and the tablet was "sweating". When i turned on the Tablet it was extremely slow I had to hit the smae thing over and over again. It has a terrible battery life, and the biggest thing mine would not charge at all!!! DO NOT BUY just spend $40 more and get a Kindle or something better. WASTE OF MONEY!!!
tablet-chromo.txt|Ordered the product and the first one did not work at all. Seller promptly replaced with a working one. Not too thrilled about the charging pin. It's tiny and off centered and worries me on the longevity. Not the easiest and sturdiest. As far as the overall operation is concerned, it works well for the cost. Purchased it for our son and he enjoys it. Biggest downfall seems to be battery life slim to none. Will spend more for better product in future.
tablet-chromo.txt|I bought the product for my grandson's birthday and only messed around with it a little while before giving it to him. It was beautiful product, appeared to be well made and performed well as I set time and date for him. I loved it because it was a great deal for the price and good piece of merchandise.
tablet-chromo.txt|Very poor performance very bad quality of picture . I will suggest dont buy this cheap. Its not only cheap its waste of money
tablet-chromo.txt|I use it a lot. Sometimes it shuts itself off but I can still use it. Its not a bad product at all.
tablet-chromo.txt|I got this for my son at Christmas. He was ecstatic, but that was short lived, he became extremely disappointed because it stopped working after 2 days.
tablet-chromo.txt|I enjoy my tablet very much I use it when I travel so I can keep up with my school workon the go. I'm glad that decided to go ahead and buy it. Great for me
tablet-chromo.txt|i love this company they are very good with costumer service but i got to say the product is cheap not worth buying the graphic is not good my son screen crack twice even when they replace me with a new one the second one broke too just by touching it. i only have the tablet for 2 month
tablet-chromo.txt|It is ok for the price... Sometimes is hard to open Facebook, but it is nice to be in internet...
tablet-chromo.txt|Excelente Producto - Lo recomiendo a todos. Llego completo y en perfecto estado. Hasta el momento no tengo inconvenientes. Compralo sin problemas.
tablet-chromo.txt|this product was not what i would thought it would be be. the screen is easily to be broken or cracked. the tablet continues to reset itself at least 2 a day with no notice it would just erase everything you have already downloaded. the battery life sucks after full charge its drain within an 1hr i would not recommend this to even a child i had order two of these as a gifts for my two kids, after 1 month of usage this product no longer works.
tablet-chromo.txt|I bought the Chromo 7" tablet for my nephew's birthday. The tablet was working until the nephew typed in a password and forgot it. I am unable to figure out how to reset it? If you enter the wrong password five times it locks down for 30 seconds. I tried to look up Chromo Inc, [...] on the internet and the website doesn't offer any online help or an online owners manual.I also tried the 800-824-7662 phone number and they only answers M-F 8:00am-5:00pm est and no extension number for customer service help The manual with the tablet is a sheet of paper with no solid instructions.I also looked up You Tube videos on how to reset Android driven tablets and cell phones. The advice is to power it down and hold down the power button and the volume button up at the same time. This does not work. If you hold down the power button and hold the volume button down the tablet will take a screen shot and locked up and won't turn back on for 20- 30 minutes. Does anyone out there knows how to reset a password? Thanks!
tablet-chromo.txt|This is nice beginners product if your just getting into the android and tablet world!The ram memory is too small and the battery life is very short but it works fine otherwise!!My biggest problem was with the seller! I don't know who or what got my address wrong but it took forever to reach me! It was sent to two separate locations before they got it right!!
tablet-chromo.txt|It worked for less than a month! Now it wont charge anymore or turn on at all!! I guess I got what I paid for :(
tablet-chromo.txt|So far it has done everything I needed or wanted it to do! I would recommend it to anyone looking for an affordable tablet.
tablet-chromo.txt|Bought this for a 9 year old and it works perfectly. Just be sure to put it in a case.
tablet-chromo.txt|loved it, and price not too bad. Though it will be great it the camera is in front instead of back, but its all good, overall it good. I was able to download good and fun applications:) loved this item.
tablet-chromo.txt|I was very skeptical about buying this tablet after reading some of the review, but I purchased it anyway and am happy that I did. For a lower end unit it is up to date with ice cream sandwich, has a decent front facing camera on it. Screen quality is excellent. I like how it is slim line and not bulky like some of the other tablets. Plenty of internal memory storage and I can put a 64gb card into the sd card slot to expand memory. Browses the internet very fast. The only downfall is the battery life for the unit. Probably about 2 hours before I have to recharge it, however it does charge fast as well. Overall to me it is a great tablet for the price and works on all the tasks I use it for. It's a good unit for someone just getting into learning how to used the android system.
tablet-chromo.txt|I purchased this item as a Christmas gift for my 10yr old daughter, I have to say I am very impressed with it's features for the cost! I have noticed one side effect so far and that is the screen blacks out after a while which can be an inconvience. Overall, I this is a this is a great buy for the price,
tablet-chromo.txt|Great on the go tablet ,updated and very fun to use yet alone simple ........and last but not least its affordable .
tablet-chromo.txt|You would not regret purchasing this tablet. I ordered two and they took a longggggggggggggggggggggg time to arrived but they were worth the wait.
tablet-chromo.txt|The first tablet I ordered did not work properly so when amazon was contacted, they sent a message to the seller and he sent out a new tablet ASAP. We just received it so will update the purchase as soon as my granddaughter tells me how it works. Thanks to the seller for good service.
tablet-chromo.txt|This is great product.It was a very fast delivery.It meets my expectations. It was very true to the description. I am glad I ordered it.
tablet-chromo.txt|I like the tablet, the only drawback is the small user guide and instructions. I can't read it to get the full benefit of the tablet. I have to just play around with it to see what it can do.But I do like the tablet itself.
tablet-chromo.txt|It does not function well, controls are placed very odd, and the buttons stick right out of the box. It is not worth the money, regardless of how much you pay.
tablet-chromo.txt|The Screen is not sensitive to either stylus pen or fingers. However it broke the day after i received it.
tablet-chromo.txt|Can't put it down i enjoy it , with the case i brought .very easy to work with .programing took only five minutes. so much you can do .still have a lot to learn with this one . the down fall is don't have a gps. but it have everything else you love this .mini on to go computer
tablet-chromo.txt|Turned it on and volume was randomly going full volume to mute. Menu for volume wouldn't stay off, so it was showing volume control in the middle of the screen, making the tablet useless. I tried to return it for another one, but Amazon said they couldn't do that, but they refunded my money. I am going to use my refund to purchase one more hoping this last one was a fluke. I'll change my review when I get a new one. Been a hassle so far however.
tablet-chromo.txt|I have enjoyed the freedom of using this tablet and my hubby also loves playing games and getting apps that he can enjoy working with.
tablet-chromo.txt|this turned out to be a reasonable well working cheapo tablet. two main issues, battery life is dreadful. and yes i fully charge my devices before using them the first time. the other issuse is the screens lack of a full color spectrum. essentially there are bizzare colors for certain images or most movies. kinda like having an ol windows 95 256k color setting. other than that, performance is pretty good if you keep management of your running apps. runs gba emus great, and better with a external usb keyboard or gamepad. oh also push notifications don't really make it through due to the fact that wifi turns off after the screen sleeps for a minute or two.
tablet-chromo.txt|Got one for my 6 year old and one for his grandmother, It real works well, seems to run about 3 hours on a charge, I got some extra memory for it, not hard to install the memory. For the money it is great.
tablet-chromo.txt|excellente buenas tabletas para el precio, camara aceptable y el mando touch bueno, recomendadas para comenzar con una tableta ec
tablet-chromo.txt|This tablet is very good for the price. It is almost a carbon copy of a Zeepad 7.0 (I have a detailed review there). It is rugged, strong, simple and versatile. But it is not an ipad or a high end android product. It will do your everyday worlk. One thing its better than a Zeepad is that you have more room in the interface to put your apps. (around 24 apps per page, whereas a Zeepad has only about 12).Very good product, I cannot complain about it.
tablet-chromo.txt|Its small and cute, definitely did the job.. Very mobile, easy to travel with. My kids loves it. User friendly. great price for this product.
tablet-chromo.txt|I received the item as advertised and came within timeframe that was promised. New in package, arrived before christmas! Thanks!
tablet-chromo.txt|Very little battery life, other than that, It is a good tablet for kids. My favorite part is the external lot for extra memory
tablet-chromo.txt|Sensitivity is horrible, does not even respond when you touch it. You can't even hear the audio, weather a video or a song. Its nothing like advertised, and no it isn't just that the one i got is defective, i got two, both are garbage. It's like me going to "Toys R US" and getting my baby sister a fake tablet, same thing!" Just add $100 bucks and get a actually tablet! Even if it would be for your 5-10 year old cousin, niece or sister or brother. And i say (5-10) year olds because it seems that many people are rating it good because there little sibling likes it. It is good for young children because they wont know the difference between a good tablet or a bad one, or that's what i think at least but this tablet is not for a young adult or any adult of the matter, its a toy!
tablet-chromo.txt|Has great resolution and sound easy to follow and learn. Tons of apps and can keep you entertained for hours!
tablet-chromo.txt|this is a great product it had a few issues but i emailed the company and there expost to send me a replacement.... great customer service no hassel or run a round... thank u for a hassel free christmas.
tablet-chromo.txt|The power cord is so hard to get into the tablet, you have to push so hard you think its going to break. The touch screen doesn't work half the time and the color is terrible. And the power button broke after only 5 days. this product was a total waste of my money.
tablet-chromo.txt|I bought this for my 2 kids and it does it's job for them, but it's not worth much and I don't see it lasting very long. The charger doesn't say in and the battery life is terrible. The screen is loose from the actual tablet and sometimes you have hit a something on the screen multiple times.
tablet-chromo.txt|I was really angry this item was a Christmas present and it came broken a day or two before Christmas
tablet-chromo.txt|I'm still tinkering with this device but so far of what I know of it I'm enjoying it! I'm not much for electronics and such though we live in a technologically driven age. I would suggest that if your looking for something nice for yourself/child to consider the Chromo Inc. It has great features and it's very economically sound as well!!!
tablet-chromo.txt|Bought 2 of these as Xmas gifts for grandchildren ages 6 & 7. They love them! Closest thing to an Ipad, without the expense of one.Wish the battery life was a little longer, but they DO get played, alot.Very easy to setup & navigate. Might have to order one for myself ;)
tablet-chromo.txt|I wish I had got a bigger size. Great on dilivery.I gave it as a Birthday gift.Happy easter and Good Friday.
tablet-chromo.txt|this is ok for a kid. cheap plastic. plays android games. quality is lacking but you get what you pay for
tablet-chromo.txt|muy buen producto, econ&oacute;mico, de calidad se recomienda dentro de la comunidad vendedor responsable y alta mente recomendado . muchas grasias
tablet-chromo.txt|Bought this as gift for my granddaughter for Christmas. Ordered thru Amazon - bought from a different seller. Had problems with this order as well. Was supposed to arrive in time for a Christmas gift. Didn't arrive until a week after Christmas. Not too happy about that, but she really enjoys the tablet.
tablet-chromo.txt|This tablet is a price driven product which competes well against any other up to the 10&#34; in most capacities. It will even impress the IPad users as to its convenience . Look for it to outdo sales-wise because of the price. This is capable to pick up in US and abroad.
tablet-chromo.txt|es practica c&oacute;moda ligera f&aacute;cil manejo buena marca buen estilo de muy buena calidad y de f&aacute;cil manipulaci&oacute;n para grandes y chicos
tablet-chromo.txt|the product was what it said it was but trying to open the Google wed that was in the contact to open would not open
tablet-chromo.txt|muy buenas tablet gracias por ser tan responsable por estar atento a la hora de cualquier problema en el envi&oacute; gracias 100% recomendable
tablet-chromo.txt|I bought the chromo in february and love it and last weekend the battery died...I charged it and now it will not turn on! :-( I'm so not happy!
tablet-chromo.txt|The item was received around Jan. 20th for my 12 year old son. I held on the items until Jan 28th for his birthday. My son did not really get to use the device until a couple weeks after his birthday, (since he was away with his dad). In the beginning, this was the best gift ever. However, weeks into utilizing the device my son was complaining the tablet was charging properly. We tried some different options (using different outlets, charging from the computer, etc.). That help for a short period. Now the device don't charge at all. VERY DISAPPOINTING AS A MOTHER and a young child. I never used Amazon before and when I was searching on the website I was totally amazed. (Never knew Amazon had so much to offer. After this incident this will be my last!
tablet-chromo.txt|At first I thought it was OK, actually realy good considering it was for a 5 year old. However, the touchscreen is just a failure. Way too sensitive at times (keyboard is USELESS) and not sensitiv enough at others. Daughter and I were getting super frustrated. Ended up getting the kindle Fire. Also, contacted seller and NO RESPONSE as to return. Again, save your money.
tablet-chromo.txt|I purchased this tablet for my 10 year old brother. I love it. It is colorful, easy to use, and fast. I must admit the item is not labeled well with regard to parts, but I figured it out with a little help from the manual. I have already downloaded a few games and books are next. I know that he is going to be so happy with it.
tablet-chromo.txt|Its not the "Best" tablet i've seen, but worth every penny. Cheap and works great. Just downloaded 22 games on it for my daughter for Christmas and still have 1/2 the memory. This will keep her busy! She wanted an Ipad.. She's 6... I was a little unsure when it first arrived because it came in a shipping envelope and the instructions was a thin little manual.., but after turning it on I was impressed. Better quality then I expected, but I didn't have high expectations when ordering.
tablet-chromo.txt|It seemed ok until it wouldnt start up other day. Had to google what to do. Amazon great about helpi g to exchange it. Ill keep it for now unless it keeps happening. Wish it had more of a booklet with it though.
tablet-chromo.txt|Great Product! Got it for my 9 year old and she did not sleep that night!! Great product features! Perfect size.
tablet-chromo.txt|the chromo inc. white 4gb 7" android 4.0 touch tablet it was doa all pins misaligned could not charge or turn it on it looks good but the one i got was junk'http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B009W49ALA/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
tablet-chromo.txt|Mine works fine Came with 2 chargers, both worked. Mine came from china i believe so i expected a couple of weeks and it actually got here way before then. Don't pay attention to some of the reveiws on here i mean come on people! why are you giving a breakable-delicate- (READ: NOT FLIMSY) relatively high tech piece of technology to a 12 year old? Do you realize that 5 years ago touch screens didn't even exist. For s***ssake it's glass, hd-cameras, circuits and advanced NASA stuff all laid into less then .6 inch thick plastic sheilding protecting .9 ounces of pure futuristic-space-age-flux capacitor stuff. When i was twelve i was chasing my neighbors dog with a wiffleball batt... So don't leave nasty comments to the vendor when your kid uses the tablet as a Frisbee. Its not the sellers fault you gave a kid a touchscreen tablet.Android is a powerful OS and the tablet it's self as far as the hardware is a solid buy at 70$ I have had zero complaints. The only thing that keeps it out of the best-fugging-value-of-the-decade- award-class is that it doesn't have dual processors but again i only paid 70$If any one knows any thing about electronic android devices they would appreciate this value.Your welcome.
tablet-chromo.txt|Bought this tablet for my son. We could not get it to connect to the internet and only had it for 1 day and the power button broke off! I would not recommend this tablet to anyone!
tablet-chromo.txt|When received our screen was scratched! It locks up more than not. I received it today..late and we can't even use it. You get what you pay for but it showed it was marked down. I just hoped for a better product. It is easier to hand my kids my phone to play on. :( I even purchased accessories. If I had money to waste, I wouldn't be upset but that's why we purchased this "deal".
tablet-chromo.txt|Bought 2 for my duaghter and nephew and yes they sleep with them. Works great, love that it have play store and it links with what they have in their phone. Wish it had back camera however but overall good buy.
tablet-chromo.txt|BOUGHT THIS FOR MY DAUGHTER WHO IS 11 AND A STRAIGHT A HONOR STUDENT. SHE HAS ENJOYED IT AND FOUND IT HELPFUL WITH STUDIES. ONLY PROBLEM HAS BEEN THE KEYBOARD ACCESSORY.
tablet-chromo.txt|This is a great tablet for the price. Bought other brand for 2 of my granddaughters and have already had to return them for defects and breaks.
tablet-chromo.txt|despite all the horrible reviews i went ahead an orderd two of these for me an my wife for valentines day so if u could not disappoint 1on1seller that would be great o an get it here in a timely fashion thanks o an can i do netflix and facebook on the tablet?
tablet-chromo.txt|It was a gift, and the power adapter broke almost right away. Over all the recipient liked it and was pleased with her gift.
tablet-chromo.txt|This was a gift for my grandaughter for Christmas and she loves it, so far. It was reasonable and that means a lot when your watching your money. So Bravo to that company and keep up the good work Amazon. You will get my future business.
tablet-chromo.txt|I am very happy with the product but the screen on my second tablet has a crack on it. I returned the first one I bought and the replacement policy was great. I did not request a replacement on this one because I am not sure how it happened. I bought a total of 3 and the quality is good, maybe the screen is a little weak.
tablet-chromo.txt|She loves it, despite when we received it had some scratches on the screen, for the rest it works perfectly. It has been very useful.
tablet-chromo.txt|I jst recieved my tablet and I love it. I dont know why everyone on here is giving this thing a bad review. I am good on computers and I set all my notifications, connected to wireless everything you do when you first get a computer. I did not have problems with the charging port and mine has not locked up. Mine also was purchased and here withing 4 days of me ordering it. matter of fact the charge is still pending in my bank account. I purchased mine from USA location. I hope this helped you make a GOOD choice. I couldnt beat the price too. good quality and great price. love it love it love it.
tablet-chromo.txt|The tablet is ok and I basically got it for my niece to play with. The biggest problem is that the battery life is very short. Maybe you can get about 30 - 40 minutes on a full charge. Another problem is the operating system is fairly slow. Bottom line is that the is not a Ipad by any stretch of the imagination!
tablet-chromo.txt|First let me say, this tablet took FOREVER to ship. It took about 2 weeks. But the actual tablet, is OKAY. its good if you don't have an android and you want one. But it does have its many flaws.PROS:*lightweight*long ENOUGH battery life*Nice touch screenCONS:*slow*slow booting*SUPER glare*bad internet connection.*turns off randomlyHard to turn on, I have to press and hold multiple times.So this tablet is exceptional but it didn't meet my expectations. I've had a wp7 smartphone but never android HOWEVER I have lots of experience with android and I recommend spending more money on the higher end tablets and if you have to, just save some money. I don't recommend this tablet but if you decide to get it, you won't be completely disappointed. 3 stars....
tablet-chromo.txt|For the price on sale, it is a good gaming and educational device for the kids and keeps them off your stuff. Very thin, no protective borders keep it from 5 stars.
tablet-chromo.txt|My ten year old loves it! She was very excited and it is easy for her to use.Merry christmas!
tablet-chromo.txt|My daughter got this for christmas from santa. She loves it. She can play basically any app she downloads and loves to watch videos on youtube. There are a few downfalls we have discovered. Only one camera on the front so taking pictures is kind of challenging sometimes, and also the battery does not stay charged. She is having to charge it about every hour. Other than that, it's great for her.
tablet-chromo.txt|Missing charger on one, 2 out the three wont stay on at all. Battery life is very poor. I contacted seller with no response back. Very unsatisfied customer. Product packaging arrival was done very cheap. In a large yellow envelope with no bubble wrap for protection of products. Thumbs down!
tablet-chromo.txt|I bought this for a Christmas Present for my parents. Wanting it to be really special. They opened it christmas day and it freezes, glitches and is so slow they can barely use it. I dont know if this was because of the cold shipping weather or what happened. But its trash and i could cry.
tablet-chromo.txt|I bought this tablet for my 6 year old for Christmas. I own a Kindle Fire and I was hoping this tablet would keep her satisfied enough so that we are not always fighting over my Kindle. Well, I was wrong. She is a youtube junkie and it stalls on most videos and many others it won't play, even with Flash Player installed. The battery literally lasts about an hour and a half. She has just learned to use it plugged in most of the time. The picture quality /resolution is terrible. She can play games on it pretty well but web surfing and videos run slow in comparison to the Kindle Fire that is supported by the same in-house WiFi ...that's how I'm assured its the device. Long story short, she still reaches for my Kindle Fire and I wish I had of just bit the bullet and got her one if her own.Oh well, you get what you pay for.:(
tablet-chromo.txt|i had this thing for a day they lied to me to begin with said it was shipped the 11th come to find out it wasnt shipped to the 27th warning do not buy from these guys i ordered this as a gift it was late and i even chased down a mailman on foot christmas eve to see if it came and it didnt i will never buy from these guys again i had this only for one day and its stuck at the android loading screen for 2 hours already this is complete junk beware before you buy !!!!! ABSOLUTE RIP OFFS
tablet-chromo.txt|Thi is a beautiful tablet and I was so excited to be able to gift my husband with it for Christmas...UNTIL i tried to charge it!!! It will not hold a charge and is brand new! The seller is not contacting me back which is very disappointing because now it needs to be returned for a new item that works properly...BEYOND UPSET!!!!
tablet-chromo.txt|This was ordered for my 12 year old daughter with her money that she was given as a reward for singing. It looks good for her but it does NOT charge! It turns on when it is plugged up but even when it is left overnight to charge, the battery meter still says 0%. When plugged out from the electrical charger, it immediately shuts off. The usb port does not charge it either.It is just a total waste of money and I think the seller knows that they need to be recalled, yet the company still sells them. I am so upset, because we did not order any mini touchscreen desktop pc, this is how the tablet is operating... I am so sorry that I had ordered it before all the other negative results were written. I would have never ordered it.I definitely would encourage potential shoppers to steer clear of this tablet unless you want one that can only work like a desktop pc..
tablet-chromo.txt|I got my tablet last night ans through setting it up I found that the touch buttons didn't respond well. Then I found out that i it has no sound unless the headphones are plugged in. This morning the sound halfway worked but was very distorted. The battery is crap and it died this morning so I put it on the charger and now it won't charge. Tried hooking up the usb charger and still won't charge. I want a refund and a new tablet.
tablet-chromo.txt|Correct, this tablet may not do everything the more expensive ones do, but as a starter model, it's a great value for the money. I bought this as a Christmas gift and it was a huge hit.
tablet-chromo.txt|Very good lil tablet. Opened it, looks nice, feels good, not cheap. Doesn't run as fast as iPad but is pretty quick. For the money, you want be dissapointed. I would pay up to 150$ for it if that helps.
tablet-chromo.txt|I ordered two of them for Christmas. They arrived after two weeks. One charger didn't work at all. Second one broke less than 24 hours later. One of the tablets less than 24 hours later doesn't turn on. he kids are in tears, I lost my money. I cannot believe it that Amazon can have sellers like this. I completely relied on them.
tablet-chromo.txt|This was a present for my son for Christmas. He was so excited, we turned it on, nothing. Attempted to charge it, nothing. Contacted seller for return, no response. Its shocking that at least 4 people have experienced the same problem with the product and the seller and all around the same time. I had to file an A-Z claim. Complete Scam!
tablet-chromo.txt|Looks pretty neat, plugged it into the wall and lasted about 2 minutes and now it won't even charge or turn on.
tablet-chromo.txt|I bought two of these...one for each of my daughters.They are ages 12 and 10, much too young for Ipads or expensive Android tablets.There were the absolute perfect gifts! They love them!
tablet-chromo.txt|This product is horrible, seller is even worse. They know they are selling garbage. I paid $75 for a paper weight. There is no brand name for this tablet. In the "instruction manual" there is no web site or phone number to contact or even know who makes this garbage! Strongly advise all to stay away! Not worth it! My advise would be to spend a little more money for something better, I love my Kindle, basically does all the same things, minus the camera, and I have one of the first Kindle Fire's made. Just PLEASE don't waste your hard earned money on this product, PLEASE!! It will save you all the problems I had to go through, which was a months worth of time, just trying to fix it, and the $74.99 I had worked hard for!
tablet-chromo.txt|Received this as a gift and it was nothing what I expected. The processor was extremely slow. It would take a full 5-10 seconds for any touch actions to be recognized by the unit. After about an hour of realizing it wasn't me, I picked up my 4-yr-old HTC EVO 4G and used it instead. I figured this tablet would be faster than my EVO but boy was I wrong. In addition to this there was a pixelated line running through the screen and it did not look as if it were a brand new unit when I received it. There was a piece of black fabric embedded in the unit by the camera and the packaging had a few stains in it. I hope this review helps someone else.
tablet-chromo.txt|My son loves it very much it has all the apps I wanted including games and google play store,for the price it's great.
tablet-chromo.txt|Good starter tablet for a good price. Twin nieces and didn't want to get just one. They enjoy them like they were iPads. Good starter tablet for a child to see if they can take care of, be responsible for such an item, at not an expensive price.
tablet-chromo.txt|I bought this for my 13 year old granddaughter. She arrived after Christmas, and I gave this to her. I was having trouble hooking the electronics to my wifi, so I hadn't loaded anything on to it until I got ahold of Comcast. She had put a passcode on the device, and couldn't remember it. I contacted Amazon, and emailed the company, but have gotten no response, She can't use it if she can't open it. What do I do?
tablet-chromo.txt|If I could write this review without giving any stars I would! The tablet was awful! Difficult to use, apps kept closing on their own and kept kicking my mother out of any application she was in even if it was just Facebook. She brought the tablet to me to see if I could fix it because I'm very savvy with technology and this was a piece of crap. I ended up buying her an iPad which very obviously I should've done from the beginning. If you get anything from reading the reviews it's not to buy this under any circumstance unless you're buying it for somebody you hate. Biggest waste of money and biggest piece of s*** I have bought! Then to top it all off it's past the 30 day return date so now I'm stuck with a piece of s*** I don't want and can't use because it kicks me out of every application I open! So if you're down with throwing money in the garbage go ahead and buy it.
tablet-chromo.txt|The charger does not fit correctly so it does not always charge. It is just really cheap. I bought it for my youngest child who is 7 and it won't let her log on the internet for certain things. You really do get what you pay for.
tablet-chromo.txt|great item for the price and customer service is very ocomadating.Order for a friend and he seems to love it.I think it works as well as my Ipad tablet
tablet-chromo.txt|After only 5 days the volume button got stuck! constantly going up and down on the screen then i turned it off to recharge it and let the tablet &#34;rest&#34; I go to turn it on the next morning and it wont turn on what so ever! I feel like I wasted my money...I got what I paid for I guess...
tablet-chromo.txt|I bought this for my 9 year old daughter and she loves it. The touch screen works well without a stylus and it's works at a decent speed.However, after only an hour and a half of use the battery is completely dead. And this is just from using a few apps, nothing outrageous.We take a long drive a few times a month and it only makes it a quarter of the way before we need to plug it into the car charger and if it's being used while charging the battery power won't increase just maintain, so everytime you unplug it, it dies.It's a good tablet for the price but if you want one that you can use for a longer duration, I wouldn't recommend this one.
tablet-chromo.txt|I read the reviews and disregarded them thinking this tablet would be perfect for what I would need it for. Well I WAS WRONG. This tablet blows. It was DOA, LATE, AND marked wrong by the seller.It does not have a 1.5ghz processor nor does it have 1gb of ram.This product is just about the worst tablet you can buy, and if you cant afford a better one, stick to not owning one.
tablet-chromo.txt|Shipping was timely. But, the unit freezes up all the time, touch screen is unresponsive most of the time. Slow processing. Display is grainy. I did not expect an I-Pad but I did expect the unit to at least work properly. Dissatisfied with over all performance even for the price I paid. Return Authorization was no problem. Lesson learned. I will spend a little more for a non generic brand.
tablet-chromo.txt|I decided this was too much for my 4 year old granddaughterI should have kept it for myself, looked nice
tablet-chromo.txt|It freezes a lot. Its slow on internet. The good thing is, you can down load the apps you choosw. But its slow. & what's up with adverisements?
tablet-chromo.txt|I purchased two of these tablets for my children to play games on. They are very slow and shut off on their own with no warning. One of the tablets performed a factory reset for no known reason, erasing everything that I had installed. The battery life is very inconsistent. I have even installed 2gb micro SD cards and moved the few apps I had trying to help out with memory but it did not help. Also, there are times where the apps I installed fromthe Google Play Store locked up during play or shut down on their own.The few times that I have charged them, they will not turn on. I have to plug them into the computer with the USB cable for a minute while I press the power button a few times before they reset which often takes a few minutes.I don't think I am asking for too much when I wanted two tablets that would turn on when the power button is pushed and work consistently. I am requesting that the seller take the tablets back so that I can purchasea better quality product somewhere else.
tablet-chromo.txt|Finally got it on dec 27, thank god it was late because it was supposed to be my 5 year old grandsons christmas gift but because it didnt arrive on time I had to give him the kendle I bought for myself.I can not get this thing to work cant get on google it just flashes to a pink tint but i did get the clock set and then it didnt change time and its digital.So I am going to send it back.It was supposed to arrive dec 17 - 20.
tablet-chromo.txt|I bought this tablet as a gift for my 11 year old son. He has wanted a tablet for some time now and I wasn't about to spend hundreds of dollars on one that could potentially break easily, so I decided to give this one a try. I received the item within 2 weeks of ordering and the package was in good shape when it arrived.However, having this tablet less that 24 hours already we have had issues with it. The battery does not stay charged for very long, the screen has frozen repeatedly and it has asked that the tablet be reset. If I am having these type of problems right away who knows what could happen later on down the line. I am going to return this product.
tablet-chromo.txt|Product did not work properly, and screen froze all the time. would not recomment this item to anybody looks like a toy
tablet-chromo.txt|It took over 10 days to receive this product. When it arrived the package it came in was half open. When product was turned on all settings where in chinese everything had to manual be set. After 15 mins of using the product the battery ran hot and screen was freezing. Reason why I have kept the product it was a christmas gift. Product fails to respond to certin Ip addresses and I constantly am being asked to wait because a certain program is not working. Certain audio formats do not work with this device. There is no reverse camera and the quailty of pictures and videos are terrible lots of cracking when recording.
tablet-chromo.txt|I choose this item because it has a reasonable price. Not to big not to small ot to mention it is an android so this means free apps. My son loved it.
tablet-chromo.txt|There is a confusion on the Cpu specifications. If it's an A8 then it's not an 1.5 GHz cpu as indicated in the title.
tablet-chromo.txt|when you try to us an sd card in this product it freezes the hole thing up and starts to get very hot
tablet-chromo.txt|It worked great for two weeks, then lost the operating system. There is no return address because it was shipped directly from most likely China. No warantee or return info. Unable to read info booklet, which came with tablet....Need a microscope. Is great for a night light.
tablet-chromo.txt|google navigation is not that good you the internet to get on it i do not no what to do
tablet-chromo.txt|Iit was something wrong with the on and off Hutton when I for it among other things plus I ordered a pink one and I dint order the black one I only ordered a pink tablet I was sent and charged for two.
tablet-chromo.txt|This tablet, had an undesirable battery life when we got it and now on the 31st day of owning it, (only 28 in use since it was a gift), it will not charge, power on, or even reset. Because Amazon has a 30 day return policy, it can not be replaced. We can return it and pay a restocking and shipping ourselves.I'm very disappointed with this product. My son was so excited to have gotten it as a gift and now it won't even turn on. Because of the battery life and our busy schedules, it has hardly been used.
tablet-chromo.txt|I wish some good applications was on there already. But my girlfriend loves it. Great price and the things that came with it that I wouldn't have thought to get is even better
tablet-chromo.txt|I wanted this to take notes and get on line while the kids had the computer, and I could not be happier.
tablet-chromo.txt|I don't use it as often as I thought I would. Not always in a wi-fi area when out and had to get a wireless router to use at home. When I'm at home I prefer using my computer to the tablet.
tablet-chromo.txt|My 10 year old loves it! She was very excited and it's so easy for her to use. For this price you can't go wrong. And the quality is definitely better than the other similar brands.
tablet-chromo.txt|I wanted something that I could have with me to enjoy myself. This is something that I enjoy and use when I'm bored! This is a great product to own!
tablet-chromo.txt|I was disappointed to find that the directions were not really helpful. For example, we wanted to Google up some games for our 3 year old and we had to muddle our way through the whole thing! It would be most helpful if there were specific instructions on the use of this item.
tablet-chromo.txt|My screen broke as soon as open box. Freeze so much that very hard run company on it. I loose internet. I'm even troubles now typing on it. Like when wrote internet it was troubles typing after it. So plz for your sake don't waste your money.
tablet-chromo.txt|They sent an virus infected tablet that isn't worth it don't by this product&#128556;&#128556;&#128556;&#128556;&#128556;&#128556; beware of this product and ask questions before purchase
tablet-chromo.txt|I bought this tablet in black, but for some reason I am not allowed to write a review for the black so I'll write one for the white. I bought this tablet as a gift for someone. I had been eyeing another tablet for about the same price but I decided to go with this one because it had a camera. I tested it before wrapping it up. It does have a cheap feel to it but I wasn't expecting an iPad, it can be a little difficult when using the touchscreen. Sometimes I have to press hard on the icons. Also, the camera is not the best, but in the right lighting it has the potential to take some pretty good pictures. It's an OK tablet, great for beginners. If you're not ready to drop a few hundred dollars for a tablet then I would recommend this one (and the black if you can find it).
tablet-chromo.txt|I bought one to my 12 year old daughter.On the following day, the battery did not work.The indicator loaded and they said that having 70% charge but was not and never charge the battery properly.Turned off and no way of restarting. It's a disaster.They do not buy the best brand, but at least something that worked.Sorry I made &#8203;&#8203;the purchase because it was disappointing to buy something that does not work.
tablet-chromo.txt|it would have been excellent if it had a memory card slot.But in general, it was aright.i liked it
tablet-chromo.txt|My kiddos love it. Great apps, connects to WiFi. Does the essentials however I just wish the pixels on the camera were better. Other than that I'll buy another if I had the funds to. But I don't use the camera that much anyway. So win win.
tablet-chromo.txt|It is a good an easy Tablet to use good for children and old people that wants to learn how to use a Tablet. it looks a Little cheap but it have all the basic things that someone needs
tablet-chromo.txt|The tablet is not that good.1. It's very difficult to see videos on the device so you can forget about watching youtube.2. Need special headphones if you desire to listen to anything without having it on loud.Plus side: the apps are great! device is a good size the speaker is pretty good. if you do decide to get this tablet... get the red one, it is a nice color. To takes notes on the device download a good notepad or wordpad app. I am still learning how to use it- if you need to do some serious classwork I would not recommend getting this. This tablet is only for fun.
tablet-chromo.txt|This product is cool for a starter. Great for people on the go and on a budget. Very user friendly.
tablet-chromo.txt|i have never droped it and it not working now i want to know if i can return it. p
tablet-chromo.txt|Only had it for a month it was a gift for my son, battery life last about 45 min now the screen is blank an won't come on.
tablet-chromo.txt|my son really loves his tablet. he cant put it down. i love to see the smile on his face. this item works really great and the price was in my budget. thanks again for this wonderful product. great to have
tablet-chromo.txt|The tablet has a mind of its own. It shuts off when it wants to, it loads when it wants to and hooking it up to the keyboard rarely works.
tablet-chromo.txt|piece of junkdon't waste your money. poor quality, the tablet looks like a toy. i expect more for this pricethe battery only charge for first time,the tablet doesn't work properly,power down unexpectedblinking screen,the tablet only charge for mini usb port, the ac connector doesn't work propertlyi only can charge the battery for first time, after the first use my tablet died,not turn on, not sound, nothing.....100% deception, i want my money backis very difficult to me return the item because i am living outside USA, and i will not pay shipping and handling for return item from caracas, venezuela, because this situation is very expensiveUNA TOTAL BASURAno pierdas tu dinero. mala calidad, la tableta se parece a un juguete. Me esperaba m&aacute;s por el preciola bater&iacute;a CARGO s&oacute;lo para la primera vez,la tableta no funciona correctamente,apagado inesperadopantalla parpadea,la tableta s&oacute;lo carga por el mini puerto USB, el conector de corriente alterna no funcionai s&oacute;lo pude cargar la bater&iacute;a por primera vez, despu&eacute;s del primer uso mi tableta muri&oacute;,no enciende, no suena, nada ..... 100% enga&ntilde;o, quiero mi dinero de vueltaEs muy dif&iacute;cil para m&iacute; volver el art&iacute;culo, porque estoy viviendo fuera de los EE.UU., y no voy a pagar gastos de env&iacute;o para el art&iacute;culo regreso de Caracas, Venezuela, porque es muy caro
tablet-chromo.txt|The processor barely clock 1Ghz there is definitely NOT 4GB of Internal storage...nor is there but about 512MB of RAM when it says 1GB. So...it's an ok tablet, screen quality is terrible but hey, it's cheap and from china...it'll get the job done if you're super frugal.
tablet-chromo.txt|I got what I paid for a cheap product that does not work. I guess I should have known better.
tablet-chromo.txt|I've had to return two preveious tablets from another manufactor from this site... And this one turned out to be a prefect purchase... I only purchased one to test out before I give my twins their own.... Like that the tablet come with no problems .... So hopefully I'll be able to get two more soon.... :)
tablet-chromo.txt|no tiene manual y no tiene ninguna web para descargarlo. necesito saber hasta que tama&ntilde;o de memoria puedo usar. Gracias.
tablet-chromo.txt|This item only worked for two weeks. Charging systems don't work. Return policy is non-existant. I'm stuck with a piece of junk.
tablet-chromo.txt|will not stay charged more that 30 mins at a time, even if you charge it overnight!!! also, when you get an app from the app store, the device places all sorts of apps on here you dont even wont, and there is no way to factory reset!!
tablet-chromo.txt|received product, and it does not work properly. I can't get it to play any videos and the volume does not work. I wish I can return it, but it is to late to return. I'm not very happy with this purchase.
tablet-chromo.txt|We were locked out of the device and have not been able to get back in. Not able to find anyone who can trouble shoot it for us. Have contacted vendor and will be returning item. Thanks.
tablet-chromo.txt|I have had this tablet for a couple days now, and am overall satisfied with my purchase. This tablet may not work if you need it for some elaborate use, but overall seems to work fine. The battery life really is not great, but I can live with it. Probably lasts about 1.5 to 2 hours with moderate use (as far as I can tell). Screen operates good, not too touchy but also not to the point that you have to kill your fingers pushing so hard. Apps run good like Facebook, Gmail, Twitter, and such. Like I said, if you are just wanting some kind of tablet, this is not a bad purchase.
tablet-chromo.txt|ESTOY MUY MOLESTO CON LA TIENDA QUE VENDE ESTE PRODUCTO , COMPRE 4 UNIDADES Y SOLO RECIB&Iacute; 2 AHORA QUE HAGO EL RECLAMO NADIE ME A DADO RESPUESTA ALGUNA.EN CUANTO AL PRODUCTO NO TENGO PROBLEMAS.
tablet-chromo.txt|I am very please with this purchase and would like to buy some of your products this overrode my expectations
tablet-chromo.txt|Product is worth it although battery does die fast i say its a much for a starter tablet. Especially since i brought this for my 5 year old daugther for Christmas.. She loves it now she can play all her games easily!!
tablet-chromo.txt|This is a handy tablet. I bought this for my stepson who is 11 because he origionally wanted a kindle and I didn't think that was a good idea because he doesn't take care of things. This plays all the apps you get on your android devices and is perfect for children. It is a little slow on some of the apps that require alot of storage but plays others just fine.
tablet-chromo.txt|We got this for my aunt. It was a pretty good price. It can be slow at times but it suits her needs
tablet-chromo.txt|I bought this for his christmas present this year and I gave the product 4 stars only for the fact it doesnt have a camera on the back. Other than that, he and I are very happy with it so far.Very easy to use, lightweight and fun. I am sure he will be happy with his Zeepad for some time to come.I am considering buying myself one, only thing is, I would like a camera on the back.
tablet-chromo.txt|Can someone tell me if the charger is suppose to be flush with the side of the tablet? Or does the silver part stick out at little
tablet-chromo.txt|The tablet came with a charge to it as well as an adapter to connect to USB male end (although the adapter broke within a week of using it). I bought it for my 9 year old daughter so it's ok for her but I don't care for it because I'm used to my Kindle Fire. The casing feels like cheap plastic and the on button feels just as flimsy. Also, it has reset itself twice for no reason and wiped all her downloaded apps and books gone. I need to investigate it and see if I can move them to the micro mini card I put in to it to maybe keep that from happening again. Which speaking of memory, you can insert a micro mini card up to 32GB so memory isn't a problem. I will not buy another one of these and will try my luck with another cheap generic one from another company for the next kiddo's tablet. I was not happy with the seller's shipping nor the tablet's mysterious resets and wipe-outs. It works for now but I don't see it lasting til next Christmas. I bet the on button breaks before then. But...you get what you pay for.
tablet-chromo.txt|excellent product quality as the brand, the product arrived well and fast with an excellent price. very good product recommend
tablet-chromo.txt|I really like the fact it is light weight...easy to work with...this is my first tablet and it's like having my personal computer wherever I go...
tablet-chromo.txt|I love this product and it got here about on time! I would deffinatly reccommend this product to anyone who wants a tablet for any age i got one for my NANA too
tablet-chromo.txt|I gave this to my daughter as a gift for Christmas, she does not have a laptop or desk top computer so this is prefect for her in her apartment! She loves it and loves the size & compact ability to bring it anywhere. Thanks - the only thing is that it arrived 2 days after Christmas. It said Priority Mail, but that took over 12 days.
tablet-chromo.txt|This tablet is just ok. Maybe it's this particular tablet but it freezes a lot, downloads slowly, touch screen is not very sensitive. I'm glad I did not pay more for it but almost wish I had just spent more on an iPad mini
tablet-chromo.txt|First it was to arrive in time for Christmas which it Didn't. When we did receive it cut on and as I was setting it up battery went dead. Well I plugged in charger that came with it and 12 hours later still wouldn't come on still a dead battery. So I go buy a wall charger, plug it in. Two days later still won't come back on. I contact seller and they are willing to exchange however I have to wait for a label they are sending me, then send this one back and once they receive then they will ship a replacement. Did not offer any discount or anything for the hassle it has created let alone the disappointment for gift receiver. So what was to be a Christmas gift won't actually be here until closer to Valentines Day. TERRIBLE!!!! Also I went back and read review it appears this has happened alot with this item and seller and they (Jason in customer service) tried to talk to me as if this was an isolated incident and it isn't. Seems to me they are not very Customer Friendly which makes for bad business.
tablet-chromo.txt|Good buy for the money.Really cool little device, my kids loved it!Apps and app store is great, lots of free apps and additional ones to purchase that are reasonable.
tablet-chromo.txt|Not really fast, kind of flimsy. But overall a good deal for the price. Good for kids to play with
tablet-chromo.txt|I ordered (3) of this product for my grandchildren for Christmas on 12/9/12. They received my money on 12/12/12 and promised I would receive by 12/17/12. Needless to say, I had the worst Christmas ever and had no gifts for the grandchildren. I received on 12/27/12. I sent two e-mails to Seller1ON1 before 12/20/12 and finally received a message back on 12/30/12. I was told by family and friends that shopping online using Amazon was the only way to do shopping and was a lot less stressful. I totally disagree and I am a very unhappy customer. The chargers that came with the Tablets don't even work. I requested on 1/5/13 that the company call me to discuss. I received a e-mail response back on 1/10/13 telling me to contact them. They have not called me and have not give me a phone number to contact them. They provide the worst customer service I have ever had with a company. I would NEVER buy another thing from Seller1ON1 and am very hesitant if I will ever use Amazon again.
tablet-chromo.txt|I purchased 2 tablets for my children for Christmas. For the price the item is definately worth my money. Kids are 7 and 9 and have minimal difficulty with use. They wanted a Kindle Fire; however this item suits their needs. They are able to download games from Google and play for hours. One of the tablets malfunctioned after a few days, and the company replaced no questions asked, even before I returned the damaged item.
tablet-chromo.txt|I bought this tablet for my daughter. Very sorry to have waisted my time.It crashed as soon as it was turned on.Then the seller wouldnt honor it.Thank U Amazon for your A to Z protection.
tablet-chromo.txt|works great no issues...only thing i had to do is set up a new google play account to get apps...it wouldnt accept my existing that i use with my phone
tablet-chromo.txt|Are these those most powerful tablets on the market ?noDo they have the best picture?nobut for this price these tablets are fantastic. I bought these for both my kids for christmas? Like every parent I was worried about buying a $400 tablet to put into my childs care. Both of my kids are fairly responsible for their age, but still. then I came across this tablet. these tablet has been great for everything my kids have thrown at it. the youngest is mostly games, but my oldest does email, netflix, hulu, youtube and a bunch of games and this powers through them all.so sure you can find more powerful better looking tablets out there, but if you are looking for a cheap, well built, tablet this one does it thing,oh one last thing battery lift I know that is everyones first concern, My son will crush this battery in about an hour to and hour and half. but that is straight play, no break, cut the rope marathons. then he plugs it in and about 2 hours later battery is fully charged and he is back at it. so for me with the amount of work he puts it through the battery does pretty good.
tablet-chromo.txt|It made a good present to give to a little girl she loved it and it was chip it works good
tablet-chromo.txt|The product arrived a week after the projected date. It also only turned on the first day and hasn't since then. A huge waste of money.
tablet-chromo.txt|I brought it for my son he absolutely love it, he already downloaded a bunch of stuff on it. Am thinking about getting one for my self.
tablet-chromo.txt|I got this tablet in replace of the visual land tablet that I got for my niece. this tablet works perfect and she loves it.and it was suppose to come in mail by the third week of January but it came on the 5th.
tablet-chromo.txt|bought this as an addition for a new year gift and the person loves it also has the ability to expand capacity by using an SM card
tablet-chromo.txt|It works good. The only issue is the battery doesn't last long on a charge. But i knew that when i bought them. I am very happy with them would recommend to anyone.
tablet-chromo.txt|Initially I was very happy with this product. The problem is it didn't last because the quality was so poor. After only two weeks of operation the USB port died. The vendor refused to do anything. They said I should perform a factory reset. They didn't tell me that I should back up my personal data first but I figured that out on my own. A factory reset will cause all personal data and settings to be lost. I backed it up through Google, and performed the reset. It did not fix the USB problem. The vendor still refused to issue an RMA number. I think Amazon will support me in this, but if not my credit card company certainly will.Here is what I thought originally thought when I received the unit:This unit has everything! It has WiFi, 3G, a camera, and it does everything! I even bought a keyboard for about $12.00 US, so that I can actually use it as a real computer. The best part is that the OS is Android 4.0 "Ice Cream Sandwich" (yum) which is sooo easy to use that anybody could use it!I paid only 74.99 for this dream machine, and I received free shipping because I signed up for Amazon Prime! The display is bright with high contrast and vivid color, so that I found the text very easy to read. I normally need reading glasses so this was a blessing. If you have a phone with the Android OS, this will be very easy for you to operate. This device can take advantage of Google Play Store that has many many apps for just about everything. I installed Angry Birds to test the video, sound, and touch screen. This little baby passed with flying colors! The sound was great, and the pictures were vivid. The touchscreen is so smooth and seamless that I found myself feeling guilty that I had stolen something. I did really, because this is such a great deal.Pros:-Very low cost-Very small footprint, and it easily will fit into any small purse or back pack-Very Fast Response-Extremely Easy to Use (Highly Intuitive)-Great Display with High Contrast, Vivid color, and sharp images (Easy to read)-Fast Response-Huge Market of FREE applications-Plays Movies-Plays games-Available Keyboards (to allow you to really type)-WiFi-3GCons:-Relatively small display compared to more expensive tablets-WiFi cannot connect to WEP, it can only connect o WEP-2 or WPA-2.-Relatively Small local storage space compared to a laptop or desktop computerThere is a strong possibility that I will buy a second unit because my wife likes it so much that she is insisting on having one too! It is so inexpensive, that I have no excuse for not buying one for her! I am very pleased with the high quality construction and feel of this little computer. Since I know how good it is, I won't take the chance of buying a similar unit that might not be as good.Great product!------------------Now however my advice is DON'T BUY! DON'T BUY! DON'T BUY! Beware! This is a POOR quality build and this unit will not last very long.
tablet-chromo.txt|It's not a tablet, it's a joke! Screen is awful, processor is very slow and it's made out very cheap plastic.
tablet-chromo.txt|When my device arrived, it was 19 days late, and the screen was cracked down the middle. Now its going to take another few weeks for my son to get a replacement, which means i have one very unhappy child. I cant recommend something i dont have use of. I would say they should give some type of credit or free gift for the inconvience.
tablet-chromo.txt|pls do not put ur money on this whatever they call it.frozzing n dont get it to wk just the frist time i use it.
tablet-chromo.txt|Expected more information on its features,and directions on use of tablet.No warranty information ,was a little disappointed..wouldn't recommend this product.
tablet-chromo.txt|I purchased two of these tablets for my daughter to give to her kids for Christmas.One tablet is fine but the other one has a crack in it. I have also sent three emails tothe seller asking for a replacement. I just want a replacement. Please. I think the product wouldbe okay if the seller would do his part and replace it.
tablet-chromo.txt|IT'S COOL I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE BIGGER BUT ITS AMAZING LOVING THE APP STORES LIKE GOOGLE PLAY! YOU HAVE EARNED MY MONEY ENJOY
tablet-chromo.txt|I got this for my husband and it is his first tablet ever. The Android system is super easy to use and this particular tablet has excellent screen response, great display and was well worth the $75! Highly recommended for gamers or FBookers! Camera is kinda crappy though. Other than that, I like this one better than the one I bought myself.
tablet-chromo.txt|I got the item today it seems to work ok but the charger that came with doesn't plug into it so apparently it is wrong charger.
tablet-chromo.txt|this iteam is really nice with the slime look it is an android tablet and it gose really fast i bought the 7.0 one and it fits in my hand perfectly also it fits youtube just right. when i first got it i thought it was alittle small but it just the right size it has a spot for micro sd cards it comes with 4gb and .512 mb of ram i thought it was going to go slow but it gose vary fast i would recomend this to anyone who likes to travle because its vary long battire life
tablet-chromo.txt|This tablet was a cinch to set up and use. The construction seems a little flimsy, but functional it is. I think for the price it is a reasonable value. You do get what you pay for in tablets.
tablet-chromo.txt|Like many other folks, I bought two, one for each f my children, right out of the box they were Not wanting charge or turn on, after leaving them on charger for a few hours I pushed the power button several times and then they powered up, after a few days now they go blank and come back on hours or a day later, never know when they will work,, I tried getting n touh with seller with no luck, I will return them soon, and buy them kindle fire h.d.'s don't waste your money on this worthless product.
tablet-chromo.txt|I bought these hoping they would be better then the Coby tablets but guess what they are worse! First off the seller is a joke. I was suppose to be guaranteed my order by christmas and it came 2 days after. I tried contacting the seller to find out where my items were and still have not received a response. I have sent him multiple emails and still nothing. I bought to of these tablets. One the charger does not fit into the tablet correctly so you have to struggle with it to get it in and on the other the power button is messed up. Once you finally get it on and get it setup trying to download an app is easy but getting it to work and come up on the screen properly is another story. If I were anyone else I wouldn't waste the money on this device. The Coby tablet is by far better then this crappy one!!!!
tablet-chromo.txt|The description needs to updated; it is 512 MB or ram, not 1GB. When I received the charging port was not align right and would not last long. It said I could use usb to charge though so I overlooked it. Upon charging, then turning on the tablet, it had no sound and the wifi would not turn on. It's not that it wouldn't connect, it wouldn't turn on at all. I would click and it would say turning on wifi, then the switch would go to off. Tried a factory reset (which turned it to Chinese) and after finding how to turn to English (had to look at my other tablet to find it - go to setting, click the "a" pictured entry, then the top option) I tried again and no luck. Thankfully Amazon is giving me a full refund and covering the shipping back. The build quality is probably the problem here, I would advise to stay away from this one.
tablet-chromo.txt|First of all, I was suppose to receive this tablet on the 21st (before Christmas) but it didn't even ship out until Christmas day. Finally received it on the 28th and was disappointed by how cheaply made it is. It's for my kid so that didn't bother me too much (but there is NO WAY it's worth the original price!) We've had it for two days and now it won't even turn on. What a sucky piece of crap. My problem now, besides contacting a seller who is apparently MIA, is how to get my personal info off of this thing before I send it back. Lame. My sweet husband spent hours driving from store to store on Christmas Eve looking for another tablet so our little boy could have his "video toy" that he reeeeaaaly wanted. He finally found a store that had a few Kindle Fire tabs left. Now that's a tablet! Don't waste your money on crap - just go buy the real thing.
tablet-chromo.txt|This tablet has been great for our kids. Our kids were wanting an IPOD but we saw these tablets and it did everything an IPOD would do for much less and it had a bigger screen. We are very pleased with our purchase as are our kids.
tablet-chromo.txt|I purchased the Chromo Inc. Tablet for my student to use as an additional educational tool. The tablet is very easy to use and I was able to download a variety of apps with ease. I will definitely purchase additional Chromo Inc Tablets in the future.
tablet-chromo.txt|At first I was unsure of how I felt about this purchase but after I received it my mind was made up i love it, It works great really simple to use. I also purchased a keyboard for it and that works really well with it so overall it is a great tablet.
tablet-chromo.txt|Arrived late. Product lasted 10 minutes. Price was listed as 199.99 marked down to 74.00. Looked like a good deal for Christmas. Opened the box and it looked like a cracker jack toy. I had to snap it together. The way the price was listed should be considered false advertisement. Amazon needs to make sure the money is returned. People can't afford to lose money. Tablet being returned. Do not buy!
tablet-chromo.txt|I got this for my grandson and I think this is just great for him and I need another one later on I would buy from this seller again.
tablet-chromo.txt|As like others, this came later than expected. The charger does not fit at all, so it won't turn on. I have sent three emails with no response, and no response about returning the item either.
tablet-chromo.txt|First off the tablet that I ordered took about 2weeks to receive and I could deal with that because it did come before Christmas but then my girls go to play with their new gift from Santa and it will not work. The tablet won't charge or come on. Very disappointed with this product in general. I am now gonna have to go get a new tablet for my girls
tablet-chromo.txt|its not a chromo inc tablet. Its A ZEEPAD, which are horrible devices to begin with. thats not explainedwould have only given 1 star but the 2nd one is for the quickness i received the tablet. Opened it up plugged it in and let it charge completely which took about 3-4 hours to charge. Then started up the tablet it crashed 3 times before i was able to get to the lock screen. The general look and feel of the device is very cheap all plastic and very bad screen resolution, and has to be viewed straight on for best image, no angel. Extremely slow, download rate even with best wifi conditions was about 200kb/s max very slow. Calibration was worthless. 3781 on a benchmark test thats rated far below anything on the charts. Battery lasted about 45 minutes with wifi on about 1 hour with wifi off. Does not charge well while in use just hovers. The device came with scratches and scuff marks and black marks around the ports. Plugging in the device for power was a gut wrenching experience in itself, felt as if it would break from plugging in. External sd does not lock into place well doesnt take much for it to pop back out. Overall space was about 1.6 gigs on the internal sd about 858mb internal storage so saying it has 4gigs is a big laugh. All in all this tablet is a no, you do get what you pay for but this is a device i would think to find in a truck stop electronics section. This is not even worth it for the kids, please look for something else pay even $10 dollars more and you'll see a lot of quality difference.Returning this tablet soon
tablet-chromo.txt|The tablet never booted up even after charging several times. The connection for charging was very flimsy and would not hold the tip of the charger tightly for a good connection.Customer service handled the return promptly. A Postage paid return label was provided promptly.Just waiting on the refund to be credited to my credit card. Notification of refund was received.
tablet-chromo.txt|this tablet had got decent reviews for what is was when i opened it it turned on with no problem loaded up quickly and used it for about a day then the next day it would not take a charge and finally would not power up at all at this time i will not say anything else about this item because i never was able to use it
tablet-chromo.txt|I ordered two items from this seller and both came a week later than Amazon's email notification. The tablet is slow but the resolution is ok. The instruction manual is all but unusable. It has been copied so many times that the pictures are unreadable. The instructions were written by someone for whom English is a second language, so some of the procedures are incomprehsible. The company does have a one page website - no tech support and no way to download a digital version of the manual. I will not ever buy from this company again. Amazon only takes back dead on arrival tablets, so I'm stuck with it.Update: The screen does not always respond to touch - it is quite frustrating to hit a button or try to close a tab and nothing works, not your finger or the stylus that I bought. Also, I thought that I could at least use it to stream tv or movies - wrong! It either does not play them at all, is too slow to load them into cache, or there is a missing app. After 45 minutes of frustration I was informed that it was shutting down because the battery was low. It was a waste of money.
tablet-chromo.txt|I purchased this for my 10-year old as a Christmas present. So far it has worked great, though it does rarely freeze up (just turn it off and back on to unfreeze). My son loves it, and my wife is even thinking of getting one so we won't have to share our Kindle Fire. My only complaint is that the battery at full charge only last about 2-hours, which is not a problem while we are at home but when traveling it might be a hassel.It does seem to boot-up slightly slower than my Kindle Fire and the screen image quality is not quite as good, but its download and streaming speeds appear to be the same. It cannot use the Amazon app store, but the Android App Store has a lot of games that cost money on Amazon for free (Angry Birds Star Wars for one). Also unlike my Kindle Fire it does not require a credit card to activate the tablet or the Android App account, which means I don't have to worry about my 10-year old accidently purchasing a bunch of apps. If he wants something that cost money I have found I can usually purchase it at the Amazon App Store, and have it download directly to his tablet.Overall we are very happy with our purchase, and may even get more for our other children.
tablet-chromo.txt|Maybe ok for some but very disapointed in the quility and performance was out of the box 15 mins a found it to be broken went threw the proper channels for repair or replace and still nothing would not recomend this product to no one its just a waste of money
tablet-chromo.txt|This device is worth the price, absolutely love. Would recommend to someone who needs basically web surfing and social networking.
tablet-chromo.txt|This is the first review I have ever written for the many of things I have bought, It is not worth the money! The main thing I have found is the touch screen you have to about hammer it to make it work. I dont know if its the memory or what. Cant get it to connect to my network. So I got it mounted on the wall to remind me to read the reviews on what I buy. I do have a kindle and that works great. Good luck if you buy this!
tablet-chromo.txt|We like it. Works as described. No different than other tablets at the price point. Same size as Kindle fire. It is advertised as a brand called &#34;Chromo&#34; although product or manual never mentions that name. Seems durable for what you would expect a tablet to be. Well worth under $75
tablet-chromo.txt|Here are my complaints about this item: (a) The charger doesn't even fit into the plug! It won't go in all the way and doesn't charge, so I had to use the microUSB port and connect it to one of my phone chargers to charge it; (b) the battery is HORRIBLE... it basically runs down to 0% after about 30 minutes and charges extremely slowly, and then will not hold a charge; (c) It came came 3 days after Christmas when at the time I had purchased it, it was supposed to arrive by Christmas. It clearly is a piece of junk and something that I wouldn't think Amazon would sell on its site; it's reminiscent of something I would find on eBay and I feel scammed.
tablet-chromo.txt|the only thing on the negative side is not enough memory. After loading 3 games on it, it will slow down or freeze. My 7 yr old granddaughter loves it. For the price its a good buy.
tablet-chromo.txt|I read several reviews concerning this tablet and I was worried, but my worries have been put to rest. Surprisingly this is a nice tablet. Still learning all it's features but for the price I'm satisfied with my purchase. The tablet arrived literally within a day and I didn't pay for next day delivery. Goes to show that you can't believe everything that others write. Their bad experience doesn't mean that you'll have the same. Happy Customer!
tablet-chromo.txt|This was my first tablet and it was exactly what i expected and works great for what i use it for! If you plan on doing more then playing games or reading you might want to get one thats better. Great product for the price.
tablet-chromo.txt|I order the tablet for my daughter and I just had to send it back to amazon. The charging port and the usb port, completly caved into the tablet, and she no longer could charge her tablet. It seem liked it was very poorly put together. So now I am waiting on my refund from amazon, I had to send it back.
tablet-chromo.txt|Clearly, this is not an iPad. It is a VERY inexpensive 7&#34; tablet. That being said, it works great. I am actually using it for a movie player in my car for my son. DVD's get scratched, skip, etc. No more of that. When I received the tablet, I opened the box and was pleased to find the tablet, a 5v wall charger (it has a charging port and can charge through the micro USB port), a USB cable, and a USB adapter (I guess for the people that want to use a USB keyboard?).After charging the tablet, I turned it on and everything worked fine. The screen is not the highest quality and the viewing angles are not great, but the touchscreen is responsive, navigation through apps is snappy, and it plays back movies just fine. Netflix even streams well with my phone as a hotspot.I would not recommend this for an adult, but if you have a toddler with sticky hands and do not want to hand them a $400 piece of electronics equipment, this thing really is great.
tablet-chromo.txt|I bought this item for my daughter and it is alright for a few games but the battery life is not good at all when you play certain games. She has to charge it like every hour or two at the most. I recommend this if you want a tablet to play with at home but not to travel with.
tablet-chromo.txt|After reading half of these reviews, I was thankful to see that I was not the only one going through this with SELLER1ON1. The tablet is junk, won't charge, charger port doesn't even fit(safety hazard for electic shock), and the seller only responds when you threaten to contact Amazon, but I have waited much longer than I should have in the first place for this issue to be resolved and I am contacting AMAZON first thing tomorrow. Worst buying experience ever, and as alot of others I see also, it was supposed to had been a Christmas gift to my child, guaranteed by Dec 24th, but didnt come until Dec 29th. *** I am absolutely done dealing with them and waiting and wasting my time. I am filing a complaint with Amazon and I hope that you consider doing the same as well as all of these others in the same situations so that together we can put these RIP OFF SELLERS in their place! ********
tablet-chromo.txt|my son loved it but the wait i experienced to get it to him was uncalled for and made me wish i hadn't bought it from that company. I will not be purchasing anything else from that company.
tablet-chromo.txt|Its a terrific tablet---does everything that I need it to do. For the price you can't beat it. My brother wants one now.
tablet-chromo.txt|Updates: 2013.. After 3 months using, my screen turned bad, got a line in the side. Because of that, I lowered down my stars to 3.Let me tell you how I rate them.First star - comes from the price. Less than $80, it is a steal! Kindle and any other tablets out there cost at least $100 bucks, this one is very good in price. If you have read my other review with other 7 inch tablet, this one sure is a winner, smooth and fast. Other than book reader, surfing is okay, video is good as well .Second star - google play, not getjar. Many many apps are available. My other tablet which I return are bad because of bad micro usb slot and getjar does not let you install certain app. This one is using google play. It is much better.Third Star - Not bad in screen resolution, and volume (although it can be better), but price like this and it is very good!Fourth star - Camera .. I didn't expect this. It has only front view camera for video chat use (I have tried skype and it works fine with headset (oversea video chat!),without headset, it is a bit noisy .. by the way google talk and vtok will not be working). However, you can also take picture, camcording with that.. Not super high quality, but still it is available!Fifth star - You got a power adapter, and a usb cord (mirco to regular- that can serve as charging purpose too) and a converter. You can put your usb stick on to the usb slot and va la, you have usb drive just like pc. Of course, if you can spare few more bucks, you can get micro usb, Nice!Of course, the memory is not super fast, but for price like that .. I already got too for my father and father in law, and decided to order one for myself as well. Yea, I know most people got this their grand kids, I on the other hand, get this one for the old folks...
tablet-chromo.txt|Only has a front facing camera so unable to take pictures. Overall it is good for what I need it for.
tablet-chromo.txt|Well for starters, I ordered the tablet on December 11th for my daughter for Christmas. It showed up 2 or 3 days after Christmas. Impossible to get ahold of anyone at Seller 1 on 1. When we finally recieved the tablet it worked fine and now it's January 10th and last night it won't boot past the Android loading screen. Really upset and confused why something would just stop working. And of course, can't find anything about them on the internet as far as troubleshooting. What a horrible experience this has been. Thanks to Seller 1 on 1!
tablet-chromo.txt|I guess you get what you pay for. The AC charger doesn't fit I had to use my cell phone charger, the wifi has to keep being reset and that's annoying the battery dies very fast and that is even after I change the settings to be more battery friendly overall its a hunk of junk. Wanted something nice for my son for Christmas I just wish I would have waited this thing broke after just 1 week of use. I do not recommend this product to anyone don't waste your money spend about 50.00 more and get something better
tablet-chromo.txt|It's definitely no iPad, but this thing is perfect for my pre-teen. She plays all the games she used to borrow my phone for and hasn't had any issues. Every once in a while, some apps open up supervised and we reboot it and all ok. Battery life is better than my HTC ONE X, and will last all day of moderate use
tablet-chromo.txt|I was very unhappy about the delivery because i was suppose to receive it the week before Christmas and it was delivered the day before Christmas. I was on eage. The product was new and was in excelent condition. The box that it was packaged in wasn't damaged in any way. Other than the delivery i had no problems!!
tablet-chromo.txt|Tablet was extremely slow. Wouldn't download any games or music, even with a memory card. The battery would last maybe one hour before it would die. I bought this for a 14 year old girl. Maybe it would be better for a younger child? I've returned mine. Wouldn't buy another one.
tablet-chromo.txt|Do not buy this product. It is flimsy and and poor, poor quality. It broke right out of the box.
tablet-chromo.txt|I bought 2 after hours of research... I wanted a tablet with both front & rear facing cameras (which it says it has) but there was NO rear facing camera! My kids & I were disappointed. The resolution is of poor quality, but you get what you pay for... I may have to return it.
tablet-chromo.txt|my grand daughter loved the gift. It is highly recommended. it was her christmas gift. excellent. very good giftrecommended
tablet-chromo.txt|I purchased this as a Christmas present for a friend and they seem to enjoy it. They use it mostly for playing music and occasional internet use though so I can't say how well the other features function. But, they have been using it daily since they opened the box and have had no complaints at all.
tablet-chromo.txt|This is the worst it doesn't even charge past 47% after having it plugged in for over 24 hrs. I'm extremely dissatisfied.
tablet-chromo.txt|It does everything that we thought it would do. I purchased 2, as I have 2 children 7 & 9. The OS works with every app, it's relatively quick, very sensitive touch. We downloaded a couple of different readers and can get books from the library wirelessly. The only reason it does not get 5 stars is the battery life. Lucky to get an hour and a half with a full charge. But that's okay considering that they can plug it into a car charger, usb port, or an outlet. You Tube, Netflix all work well and the kids are finding new FREE apps everyday. Thinking of getting one for myself.
tablet-chromo.txt|I have all apple products. I am not comparing to them. Most of the cheap tablets in my local stores were about the same and over $99 which this was $79. I did not get a camera on back of it only on from was a little disappointing also the seller description said the Hard Drive Internal storage was to be 4GB when I got it was under 2GB which the total size was under 2GB. not just the available. I spoke with the seller and they said they thought it was 4GB they did not sound to convincing. However they did credit me $20 back which was very nice of them so at least they stand behind product. Not very sturdy its only plastic I recommend getting a case to hold it. But it does run android 4.0+ thats all I wanted for my mothers gift.
tablet-chromo.txt|I purchased this tablet for a Christmas gift for my 5 year old daughter. She loves it!!! It doesn't freeze up and its easy to click or change screens. She really wanted a Ipad....which I was not going to spend that much. So now that she has the one, she thinks it a mini ipad. I'm thinking of buying another one for my son, since my daughter doesn't want to share hers.
tablet-chromo.txt|did not use myself was a gift for nephew, he was very pleased with the item, light and easy to use.
tablet-chromo.txt|My grand daughter who is 11 wanted a tablet, this the one that she picked out, it came on time & she really enjoy's playing on it.
tablet-chromo.txt|I wish it had two cameras but I guess it is what you can get for the price.The charger conector does not go all the way in so it may cause some damage either to the device or the conector did not like it much.In general good stuff.
tablet-chromo.txt|This is my second one my daughter loves it she is 7years old. So I brought another one for my 20 year old he likes it but said it a little slow even with a memory card. However I do plan on buying another for my grandson. Because he is young he does not care about how slow it is.
tablet-chromo.txt|First I want to say I ordered my item on dec 11 and it took a lil over a month for me to receive it...now that I have my tablet it won't charge unless I hold it in and hold it very still I'm returning it I'm so disappointed that I waited so long for it and it doesn't work properly
tablet-chromo.txt|I got this tablet for my 3 year old son he love it and there alot to keep him busy while we on the road however i dislike how fast it run off out power and from time to time it want start up but over all i like it and the price was good i feel i got what i paid for thinking about getting myself one
