tablet_zeepad|Ordered it just before Christmas...got it on time!!! It was a gift and the person who got it loves it.
tablet_zeepad|It works well not as fast as the more expensive tablets but much cheaper. I would recomed it to any one looking for a good price.
tablet_zeepad|Bought it for my 5 and 7 year old girls, they love it and it was good quality for the money!! I would definitely recommend it, cause I find myself using theirs alot.
tablet_zeepad|For the price its a good product. Email set up is very easy, I bought this tablet to use it while on the road. I use my phone hot spot to connect to the internet and I was pretty surprise on the speed of the tablet, I thought it would be much slower. I use it for basic stuff just to read books, go online and watch some videos. The screen is really responsive, the tablet comes with head phones but the material is really cheap I didn't even bother on putting it on, it also come with a screen protector A+, charger, usb cable and a stylus pen (very nice). I also like that you can also charge it via usb since the charger pin looks a little fragile, so when that brakes you can always use the usb. I would recommend this product.
tablet_zeepad|I just received my zeepad yesterday...I am very happy with this product. I am suprised how fast it is...The picture is great....For the small amount it costs, it a great deal!.....
tablet_zeepad|My daughter loves it. It does all that it needs to do. Its not the best picture, but for just basic internet viewing and watching movies and videos.....it is good.
tablet_zeepad|For the money i am very impressed with this tablet. My son has a Lenovo with close to the same features, but cost almost 3 times as much. The only thing i was not impressed with is the battery power, which only lasts about an hour when you are doing stuff constantly.
tablet_zeepad|We reinstalled the Skype and now I get to spend quality time with my 8 year old grandson. He was totally taken by surprise that we bought it just for him.
tablet_zeepad|I have several coworkers who are interested in my fun sized &#34;toy&#34;. It is easy to carry, and Im enjoying learning all of its features.
tablet_zeepad|Worth the wait... Didn't get it on time, but better late than never... Good tablet for kids and adults too.
tablet_zeepad|i wasted my money on a cheap knock off then i bought the zeepad and i love every thing about it
tablet_zeepad|I actually got this Android tablet only for the Google Play store. I have a Kindle Fire and Google Play doesn't work on the Fire. The Amazon store is quite limited. So I use the Zeepad to get apps and then transfer them to the Fire. I really don't use it for anything else. The battery life is quite horrible. I keep it turned off completely and turn it on when I need to. This might be OK for a child to play with or for someone on a limited budget who wanted a tablet.
tablet_zeepad|I bought this tablet for my grandson for Christmas. He's spent many hours loading and playing games. The graphics are very good and I haven't noticed any lags in switching applications.
tablet_zeepad|This thing is great you can't beat it it does everything I needed and more and for the price, wow!
tablet_zeepad|It's a pretty good tablet for its price. I got it for my cousin and he's really happy with it.
tablet_zeepad|I bought this tablet just because the price was so low. You definitely get what you paid for in this tablet. Low graphic quality, and very slow. I hardly have any apps downloaded and the tablet creeps so slow that it gets to be a pain even trying to do a simple search on the internet. Also, the battery dies so fast you pretty much have to keep it plugged in to use it. I would recommend spending a little more to get a higher quality tablet...I wish I would have!
tablet_zeepad|imy son had fun playing this game i realy love it very much and he plays it alot to thank you
tablet_zeepad|Pedro Antonio Perez Diazorre muy bien el wifi todas las aplicaciones tambien no le doy las 5 estrellas porque no corre los videos de you tube muy bien
tablet_zeepad|It's okay. Very slow. Screen goes black and returns to block screen a lot. I don't really care, it was for the hubby so he would quit using my kindle. The slowness bothers him more than the black screen issue does.
tablet_zeepad|We received the tablet and the first two days it worked great but then crashed. The screen went blank and did not work regardless of what we tried or by contacting customer support. When we tried to return it and exchange it for a new one, they first stated they would pay for the return shipping but later wanted us to pay for the return shipping and said they would refund us. By other comments I realized that other customers were never refunded and I knew that the shipping would be close to the same amount of what we paid for the tablet. It was a good working tablet at first but you will be taking a chance of this happening to you as well.
tablet_zeepad|I bought this as a cheap Christmas present for my toddler son. It has good battery life, easy to use and perfect for his reading and apps. I wouldn't recommend heavy serious use only recreational.
tablet_zeepad|My boys enjoy their tablets that I purchase them for Christmas. The Google play is very awesome I. I find all the apps my kids love to play.
tablet_zeepad|Purchased this item through PCTVSHOP and the service they provided was awesome!!! I have absolutely no complaints what so ever! Completely satisfied and most definitely a happy customer.
tablet_zeepad|Got it for my kids on christmas ! Very good for children they can play and watch movies . Very pleased.
tablet_zeepad|I purchased this for my 9 year old son, who was so excited by the way! He just wanted it to play games on! He plays with it often and I am very satisfied for the small price I paid!!
tablet_zeepad|the zeepad is good I really liked it and will do more bissness with amzon I rally liked the zeepad
tablet_zeepad|It does everything its expected to do. My kids love them, they use them all the time without any problems. Thinking about purchasing one for myself.
tablet_zeepad|A FANTASTIC Bargain, I bought 4 of these for Christmas presents including one for myself. All are working fine & I'm very impressed for the price. You NEED to buy a SanDisk &#34;Mobile Ultra&#34; 32 GB microSDHC card (Or some similar brand) so you will have some space to store your programs, pics, music, etc. I bought this mostly for portability so I don't have to take my laptop when I'm out, battery life seems adequate & I'm very happy with it.
tablet_zeepad|I was really hoping that this tablet would be able to live up to the positive reviews and it did. Bought this for my 4 year old and I couldn't be happier with it. Good response time, connected easily to my internet, and uses the oogle Play Market with no problems. Everything I need it to do. It came with a screen guard too which was an added bonus. The video quality is not as good as the more expensive tablets, but it is more than good enough for what I'm using it for. For the price this tablet is better than I expected.
tablet_zeepad|I had purchased a le pan 970, which was short lived. It didn't pan out. LolNow, the zeepad is a home run. Everything about it is excellent.If you're looking for a great tablet for the money, you can't do better than this!
tablet_zeepad|I wanted to follow up on my past posting of this product. Let me start off by saying the company contacted me and sent me a replacement, they even refunded my shipping cost to my credit card. The previous product could have been damaged during shipment. My son loves the tablet. I am in the process of ordering a jacket cover in case he drops it.It come preloaded with a game, but you can always download more free games from the internet. I recommend this product.The touchscreen is great and responsive. The web pages load great.
tablet_zeepad|Product came super fast, packaged well. Daughter loves it, but still learning things, like where to put the music. Not of caution; the user guide was obviously not written by a person who speaks English. The moderately tech savvy person can figure it out,but if you have no technical skills this may pose an issue. Other than that so far so good. Will update if necessary.
tablet_zeepad|is a Good Product, sure is not an Ipad or something like that but its good enough for the price.
tablet_zeepad|it works great and fast i like it for the price is really great better than to buy an expensive and your kid can broke it at any time . now I put game on it. I put my pdf courses that I use them when I study while I am riding the train. I put word and excel on it and it work perfectly I download videos the image is great. the only think that I don't like is the camera is only a basic one not sophisticated but does' t bother me. I am satisfied with that product
tablet_zeepad|The tablet shipped very quickly!! I opened it up and the tablet was brand new. No problems at all except for lag and the screen is crappy otherwise its good for the money.
tablet_zeepad|I give this tablet 5 stars. This tablet is awesome. I brought four tablets as gifts for my kids and they just love it. I was easy for me to set up wifi on it and it was very easy to download various apps and games using the google play store. Great tablet for the price. I'm thinking about getting one for myself.
tablet_zeepad|The mini usb port stopped working on 3rd day, although tablet fun and seemed to work great otherwise , my android keyboard would not work which took 50% of the fun out. I had to return to Amazon , no problem there, they payed for return shipping and issued me an immediate refund which I am happy for. I am getting a very similar replacement, my son and wife and keeping their zee pads so far they are doing ok
tablet_zeepad|was very hesitant with all the terrible reviews but i LOVED it! it was truely worth the 80 i paid! AWSOME TABLET FOR ITS MONEY :)))))
tablet_zeepad|We had it for a couple of weeks... My son dropped it and parts flew everywhere. Total waste of money!
tablet_zeepad|Very good Tablet the touch screen is very good and the weight of the tablet is not heavy. It is very slim and it is worth the price thank you .
tablet_zeepad|a nice tablet for &#34;disposable&#34; use, give it to the kids or seniors without worry, Cheap and that's the way it should be. The KISS rule.... a simple basic tablet. Use free app Wifi Oh Player and stream from your network.
tablet_zeepad|I bought this for my grandmas 1 year old nephew and I had the chance to test it out first and install things before letting the baby handle it. It is pretty responsive for its price and it even got most of the common things that are available in most products like camera, wifi, OTG cable. Although this one did not come with bluetooth, probably for the cost. I was planning to use a bluetooth speakers because although this device comes with speakers..... the sound is really low when trying to play a lullaby song.Overall, you get what you paid for and for this one, I think we got more than what we paid for.
tablet_zeepad|I knew at $65 that I was pushing it but this tablet is very buggy. I have a permanent pink line to the left of center screen and it has lots of issues...That being said...useful for travel...but that's about it...
tablet_zeepad|I purchased this tablet for my 18 year old daughter who likes it very much. It can Skype and works with Google Play so you can get new apps. She uses it as an ereader and for chatting with friends. In all it is a nice tablet, comfortable in your hands, is very thin and has a good picture. The battery life is not as good as high end tablets about 4 hours of use but, is better than expected for the price of the tablet. I did not expect it to be this nice of a tablet and have been very surprised with its performance. She has not used it for watching movies yet but it works well for checking email and weather when you are in a hurry
tablet_zeepad|I purchased two. They are fine for what I wanted. I wanted something that our kids could play games and watch movies when we travel. It's not an everyday device. It doesn't sync properly with google. The headphone jack is sensitive in order to get both sides to work. It's less than 1/2 of the price of a kindle and 1/4 of the price of an iPad mini. You get what you pay for.
tablet_zeepad|The tlablet is good. It has not connectio 3G, but is so good for read, and play some games. It is slowly, but It has all what you need for watch videos and some page web.
tablet_zeepad|I bought this tablet for my twins 8th birthday. Two weeks after palying on it my son's won't come on at all. There is nothing telling me how to trouble shoot and it is one week past the return date so I am stuck with a tablet that doesn't work and my son is unhappy. I will never buy this product again.
tablet_zeepad|I am big on music I read that a memory card is best but dose it work with Facebook games and if it did how dose it work smoothly????I gave it a 3 just cause I'm being fare with the reviews that I have seeing I DO NOT OWN ONE
tablet_zeepad|iv had this product for about 2 weeks its worked great, it shipped in a timely manner. i would recommend this product to someone looking for a good low priced tablet. orderd a micro sd and case.
tablet_zeepad|Does what i need it to do...much cheaper than Kindle that kids broke LCD screen...at this price i could buy 4 Kindle fires. Enjoy!
tablet_zeepad|This little tablet performs better than I thought it would. I was a bit weary at first because what can you expect from a around $80 tablet? So far I've been presently surprised so far. The screen reacts rather smoothly. The build quality is adequate for it's value. I've seen complaints of internet connectivity issues but I haven't had any so far (fingers crossed!). The fact this thing has the Google Play Store is awesome (I've heard horror stories about some of these cheap tablet app markets). All in all very good for the price. Mines even came with some nifty little side items that I didn't see came with it. Great tablet for the money. One word of warning: Much like others have said in there reviews don't expect this to be an Apple product. Resolution, color and image clarity aren't the cutting edge sharpness you see on other products. Be fair to what you get for how much you spend!
tablet_zeepad|No problems. Shipping was fast. Works great! It was a gift for my 5 year old and he loves it! He plays his game apps and watches youtube videos on it. Great deal! Very happy with my purchase.
tablet_zeepad|I bought the Zeepad for my challenged daughter and so far she is loving it. Very simple to use. She feels like mom now with her very own pad. It was a fraction of the cost of mine but it works beautifully.
tablet_zeepad|I actually bought two of these one for my niece and one for my nephew. My niece's stopped working after about an hour and I had to return it but my nephew loves his. It's easy to use and has so many functions! The seller didn't have anymore so I had to purchase a different kind of my niece but she loved it until it stopped working.
tablet_zeepad|If you're in the market for an product that's awesome, but not a national brand ... the Zeepad is for you. I wasn't expecting this mini-tab to outperform the more technologically-infused tablets, and it doesn't. However, it definitely exceeded my expectations for a Tab in this price point. I purchased it for my mother, who basically uses it for games like Angry Birds, Solitaire, etc., as well as email and web-surfing. She loves it!I actually purchased another mini-tab prior to the Zeepad by another brand ... and returned it immediately, so I'm able to give a little bit of a comparison review. The hardware, software and battery life of the Zeepad, far outweighs the other Tab. I strongly recommend this Zeepad if you're looking for a mid-to-low market product that's awesome!
tablet_zeepad|My husband really loves this tablet. It was a great buy and would recommend it to everyone. I want to purchase another in the future.
tablet_zeepad|Bought for my 10 year old grandson. He loves it. Works great so far. Had no problems except getting the screen cover to go on smoothley.
tablet_zeepad|Starting in the 80's with a Vc 20 and Commodore 64, then onto desktops always graduating 2 bigger and better! A laptop 3 yrs ago and now this tablet, can u tell I'm a babyboomer :) From a 3 yr old neighbor's great grandchild to many senior citizen's here were surprised @ the price and especially the ease learning the &#34;ZEE&#34;! Even people who have lost fine motor skills are &#34;quite taken&#34; with all the apps and look forward 2 more being developed. The only con? The puny user guide with the most smallest font ever...the awesome customer service suggested 2 google any Android 4.0 generic guide and 2 access youtube 4 more detailed assistance! Following her advice both suggestions are much more informative than that so-called guide enclosed in packaging. On limited budgets this tablet, new users of all ages would do well in considering the Zeepad.
tablet_zeepad|At first i got a different tablet but when it came it did not support play store...so i found this tablet and it is so easy to use...kids luv it
tablet_zeepad|I was pleasantly surprised by this tablets quality. 74 bucks including shipping, this tablet does everything I need it to do. Movies, internet, e-mail, kindle, Google play store. The screen resolution is not top of the line but, for the cost of the unit it is the only thing lacking and it is really not bad at all. This little tablet is fast, responsive and stacks up favorably to my Wife's Samsung tab. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a low cost tablet with all the functionality of a 200 + dollar unit.
tablet_zeepad|Ordered them last minute for christmas gifts for twins (10) and a 15-year-old....they are amazing and they came overnight and in time for Christmas. The kids love them....the biggest issue is that they WILL NOT put them down! THANKS!!
tablet_zeepad|very good computer very easy to use for my five year old he loves it and so do i im going to purchase a pink one very good picture good quality for the low price i paid it came with a screeen protector a pen and also a connection to tv and to the cell phone we lovethe productthank you very much
tablet_zeepad|this was more then i was expecting for the price perfect runs real smooth great for my daughter as a first tab
tablet_zeepad|this was bought as a christmas present and it was just what we wanted perfect for kids we love it
tablet_zeepad|I looked through many websites to find a decent tablet for my son, who's 9yrs. old. Even at his age, he knows what a decent tablet should do and how it should work. I bought it for him for Christmas. I must say, he is one happy camper! Basically what he wanted it to do, it does. We haven't had any problems with it yet and my son uses it very often. So, with that said, I gave it 5 stars because it was delivered quickly and my son loves it!
tablet_zeepad|My son got this for Christmas and absolutely loves it. The WIFI works great and he is able to play all the games he wants. Think I am going to buy my daughter one for Valentines day!
tablet_zeepad|It was better than i excpected it to be for the price. It runs smoothly and is very easy to use.
tablet_zeepad|Bought for husband for christmas. Very easy for him to use. He loves to be able to read books on it. Gave 4 because battery life is short
tablet_zeepad|I want to say 'Thank you' to Amazon, for their on time delivery. I ordered this product back in December for my grand-kids and it never arrived. I was very skeptical about reordering again on Amazon.com. But this time I re-ordered through Amazon directly and received my goods without any problems. I knew their was a reason why I had to have the Zeepad for my grand children. This tablet is brilliant. It has more features on it then my Sumsung Tab 10. The Zeepad also came with a screen protector, and a pen. It took less than an hour to charge. I am thinking of getting one for myself. My grand-kids are in love with their new tablet.
tablet_zeepad|An inexpensive way to explore the Google/Android galaxy. Our household owns iPads/iPhones/Touch's and a Windows 8 Tablet so the Zeepad was my experiment to test and compare the Android ecosystem. The Zeepad's processing performance is excellent, the screen is good, the user manual is a fun read because the translation to english is so bad. You can download much better instructions for the 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich OS from a variety of sources on the internet. The Zeepad even came with a charger, touch-pen, and ear-buds.If you are curious about the Android OS system the Zeepad is the tablet to get.
tablet_zeepad|Not sure if all my problems with this tablet is from the unit itself or from the seller I bought it from in Hong Kong. That was my first mistake not reading thoroughly as I usually do and not buying within the United States. The tablet was slow doing anything,the battery life seemed to be short,there is no reset button to try. The settings menu for example looking up battery use you couldn't tell where you stood it says like 40% and then it would die. But, that wasn't the biggest issue as had it for a month and now it's completely dead. Now, if we go with just a bad tablet it happens and or something about the seller and overseas I can't answer about this tablet as it gets rave reviews which is why I bought it. One big positive I can say is the Amazon A-Z Guarantee. Make sure you have it. I asked them to step in when I was only having trouble before totally dying and I believe in less than 24 hrs. it was resolved and I received a full refund. Another big positive to have on electronics from Amazon is the Square Trade Warranty. It's worth the extra money. I have had to use it in the past on another item and that is also everything you read on reviews. Easy,fast,amazing. Trying to be fair. Give it a try,buy within the United States, purchase Square Trade Warranty and that's my opinion.
tablet_zeepad|I enjoy it. But i can't delete unwanted downloads, and it's beginning to run slow. Still I would recommend it. It was delivered on time and all n all it works just great.
tablet_zeepad|i bought 3 Zeepad and i found one some aria in the screen not workingbut the other two working fineso in general it good
tablet_zeepad|I was installing a game and stuck suddenly, and never again go into android, always stuck showing zeepad 7.0 on screen, but i did find a website with the firmware, i fix it doing reflash! now is in good working condition![...]
tablet_zeepad|Awsome product for the price... This is my first tablet and I love it.I really like my Zeepad tablet. For the price I got it for, I think it was really worth it. It does most of everything I was looking for in a basic tablet. A friend recommended this table and I'm not disappointed at all for the price.
tablet_zeepad|When I first rec'd this for my mom for Christmas I was very impressed but upon setting it up for her to use there is a problem powering it up after being off. Everything else it great except for the powering up, so she always leaves it on.
tablet_zeepad|My daughter absolutely love this product but as she push the power button it completely went down and then the sound went out...
tablet_zeepad|I purchased two of these items for my children for Christmas. Both had to get shipped back to Engine99 after a months use. One of them, there is no longer any sound. The other one, the power button broke and got stuck inside of the unit. I shipped everything back at my cost (approx $25), to only get a call from them saying that I have to purchase parts for repair and that they are giving me a great deal. Sorry, but a great deal to me is to fix the unit at no charge at all since it died after 30 days!! I paid the $20 parts fee. I also asked what the guarantee is on this &#34;new part&#34; that they are installing. They informed me that there is no guarantee on it and if it breaks again, I must pay for it again. I do not recommend this product. Also, this product went on sale almost half off 20 days after I purchased it. Fantastic!
tablet_zeepad|This was purchased as an entry level tablet /e-reader and is just about what I expected.I have experienced no real issues performance wise,I am quite satisfied with this purchase.
tablet_zeepad|Finally we have a winner. Its great. Works fast. Its durable. Last long. Great for the kids. My friends loves it
tablet_zeepad|Does everything I need it to do with email, apps, and surfing the net. Also enjoy playing a good game of chess on it.
tablet_zeepad|love my new tablet easy to use, and cheap...and it's easy to carry around and use it at work on break...
tablet_zeepad|The tablet works good. Apps good, internet connection and all. Only problem is the charger broke after about 2 weeks.
tablet_zeepad|It can be slow at times and require a few taps for it to respond but all in all, my nephew enjoys it. Easy to navigate and use.
tablet_zeepad|Product as describe. Would buy again. I would gave 5 star if it give a tracking number. On your order status there a tracking number button but everytime you click on it never give any tracking number but other than that great product mostly best for kids.
tablet_zeepad|I bought this for my kids for xmas & they really like it. Within the first day they were fighting over it. I should have bought another one! Good tablet for the price.
tablet_zeepad|I bought 4 new zeepads for my kids ages 13 to 8. They love it. Perfect for price. Like I said I bought 4 had to return 1 to get replaced taking a while :(
tablet_zeepad|Mi experiencia con el producto es muy buena, es rapida, para el precio que tiene es muy buena compra la recomiendo.
tablet_zeepad|I was thrilled when I realized I could gift a nephew with a touch-pad so he could enhance his writing skills. I waited for the package to arrive and it did, well ahead of the other recommended things by amazon.Unfortunately, while attempting to place the writer's, diaries and other apps, I quickly discovered it is not zoned for a worldly market. It is a Pan Asian product that has a time zone setting as far as turkey, and cannot be placed on the Proper timeline. This, I can already see will be a problem when the web based apps attempt to SYNCH. This is the only reason i subtract 2 stars. No thing should ever be a "Surprise!", when you cycle through it's features. No, it should be foretold ahead of time and guaranteed to work (in the western Zone). It is great, other than that, since this is a child's introduction to his talented development via a touch-screen/pad.Hopefully, Amazon stops surprising their customers. They fixed many things and this is just another fix needed.______-------Added------_________After ordering a keyboard, I found that the recommended keyboard/case did not work with it.I also found out that the settings on it are very limited and people, beware, Like the spam mail in you In-box, this has many "go-to" adds on many of the apps there.so If you are going to give to children, make sure they do not have CC information nor access to it.If you could tther it, even better. It could turn out to cost you more than you wanted.
tablet_zeepad|excellent product for price,my wife seems to love it . some games such as bingo blitz, you can only play 2 cards instead of 4, i guess because of size.
tablet_zeepad|You get what you pay for. I got it for my son because he keeps messing on my iPad. This is not a product I would use but it works for him.
tablet_zeepad|Too bad Amazon doesn't allow a zero star rating. It broke the second time I turned it on, which was really no surprise when I opened the package and saw what was being considered a user's manual. Here is an excerpt:1. If you long time don't to use this Tablet...Yes, the entire user's manual is written this way. Do yourself a favor and spend the extra money to get a decent tablet. This one is garbage.
tablet_zeepad|I actually recieved this tablet 2 days earlier than expected which was a good thing becauce it was for my Grandson's Birthday. Well packaged and it worked right out of the box. I did however charge it for 6 hours as suggested from other reviews before setting it up. I have hade no issues what so ever and have recommended this tablet to many friends for the smaller fingers in thier famlies.The price was great for my budget and I will probably buy another one for my youngest Grandson as soon as he is old enough.
tablet_zeepad|Don't buy this product. I bought two for my granddaughters. One granddaughter locked hers up before we could put anything on it and information I was given from Zeepad did not work to reset the tablet. Just do your homework first before you buy this. Now I have a tablet that no one can use and I was not able to get a replacement. I will never buy from another seller on amazon again if it has to do with electronics. I ended up buying my granddaughter a kindle fire and she just loves it. This product is a loser!
tablet_zeepad|I ordered this for valentines for my husband, and he loves his new tablet. This is his first tablet, and he found it easy to operate.
tablet_zeepad|It does do almost all of what I expected except the camera is terrible. The tablet surface is like a mirror and there is not eye hole to take picture, so uhless you want pics of yourself it's awful!!!!
tablet_zeepad|We are happy with this, but would be happier if the skype video worked. It was for my grandson , it was so he could video skype with his nana. But other than that he likes it and plays on it . The directions need to be a bolder and larger print for easier reading.Thank YouTerri G Butler
tablet_zeepad|The pad is quite durable; I carry it with me everywhere on my backpack and it gets tossed around quite a lot. A plus is that it comes with a screen protecting sheet(that you have to apply) but its one less thing you need to worry about buying and if you are looking at this guy, you value saving some $$. The plastic cover is quite solid but the edges do scuff up pretty quick. The battery lasts about 2 hours and that is acceptable for the price. If you are thinking about using this as a PC substitute please keep in mind that after the OS you only have about 1.9Gbs of space left; bought a 32Gb microsd from scandisk and the system recognized it right away; but only as a 29.8Gb device(might be file system configuration, but that's enough space for me. It comes with angry birds and fruit ninja installed and it was a great excuse to have some random children play with it and although they handled it as if it was made of solid titanium; it came out with minor scratches, but non on the screen because of the protector.The major down side for this device is the charger; as noted before it doesn't fit all the way and most of the time you have to &#34;giggle&#34; it around so that it will start charing; but the usb cable charges perfectly, just takes longer; I get a full charge from 2% to 100% in about 15 minutes on wall charger and about 23 on usb.I would have given it a 5, had it come with bluetooth or at least gps support. Tried a few bluetooth adapters but was not able to get it to be recognized; but did not do much other than plug it in and wait a minute or two.
tablet_zeepad|Basically got the item for the Grand kids, it has performed well, a little slow but for the money it has stood the test, was shipped in a very timely manner, easy to operate.
tablet_zeepad|We got a 7.0 zee pad for our son for his 8th birthday and we love it, very simple and does everything iPod does but 100 dollars cheaper thanks amazon
tablet_zeepad|It works! and works well. I have almost no experience with tablets, really have no idea what I'd do with one, but for the price, I figured I'd find out what its good for. Still working on that part, but this little device is way more than I'd expected. I nearly sent it back, could not get it to connect up to my wireless at home. Took it into a local shop and asked nicely if he could get it to connect. There it was. Went home, reset the router and the Zeepad immediately connected. It was me, not the Zeepad. Off to the Google Play Store...
tablet_zeepad|I was not expecting an iPad type quality when I purchased this tablet, however I was expecting more than what it is. The display must be held at just the perfect angle for quality viewing, the battery life is abysmal, and with in 2 weeks the plastic bevel around the screen began to pop away from the backing. I WOULD NOT PURCHASE ANOTHER!!
tablet_zeepad|Excellent product, 100% recommended for anyone who wants to buy itI am close to buying one of these products
tablet_zeepad|We just wanted an inexpensive tablet for a family member. We already own a very nice tablet so just needed an extra. We did not expect much, but we did expect it to work. The cords did not fit properly, the tablet was unable to turn on after charging. What a big waste of 76 dollars. The company that sent it did not have very good packaging, poor customer service, etc. will not purchase from this company or Amazon ever again!! Buyers beware! We are shipping back (which we have to pay for) what a horrible experience.
tablet_zeepad|A nice cheap android tablet, only complaint its 2-3hr battery life, but it was my first android tablet Enjoyed it
tablet_zeepad|The User Guide was written by someone with very poor English skills. The guide is of very poor print quality and virtually unreadable and have been unable to find an internet address where I can, hopefully, print up a better quality product. My grandson may be able to work his way through it. I'll find out this week from him. My notebook, computer and tablet have good quality User Guides and negotiating them was much easier.
tablet_zeepad|Was better than expected the product surpriced me with its quality and presentation-Great accesories-So Much qualityI recomend this product to anyone who waits for a excelent product
tablet_zeepad|I cannot really rate this product as I never actually got it. I was suppose to receive it in 3/19/13. It finally showed up on tracking like a few days after that and never made it here. To boot the company asked if I changed my mind about it that when I received it to send it back to them, to Hong Kong - I'm guessing at my cost. They did refund my money however.
tablet_zeepad|I had problems since the minute I opened my box. had 1st one for only 2 weeks.. The second would not even work unless plugged in the wall outlet. Cheaply made. Buttons are inconveniently placed. Personally spend a few more bucks for a better brand.
tablet_zeepad|I followed all instructions, but it was stuck on the Android screen. Tried to put new firmware on it, that didn't work either. Easy return.
tablet_zeepad|It works great. I bought this for myself using to view movie from you-tube and contact others through skype etc.
tablet_zeepad|I purchased this for my 7 year old. I wanted to get him a tablet but didn't want to pay a whole lot for it. I liked the system but the product itself was poorly made.
tablet_zeepad|I bought 3 of these tablets in Dec and already 2 don't work. From the beginning none of them would let a phone download pics. The picture sucks irs blurry on all of them.. never again
tablet_zeepad|these are very cheap! I bought 5 and all them had problems within two weeks.1 came in broke,still waiting for its return.Takes forever to get here.Although the company says can return,you have to pay for shipping back then they will refund you with a copy of the receipt. The charging ports get loose and they are slow.with any wi-fi. I would not get,spend a little more for something better.
tablet_zeepad|I ordered this item as a gift for my kids thinking it would be a great starter tablet. Once we received the item, I was very happy with how easy it was to start using and the speed of the apps, specifically Netflix, as my kids watch their favorite shows on it. And then it went downhill. I had this product LESS THAN ONE WEEK when it completely stopped working. We used it to watch a movie on Netflix one evening. I turned it off after using it and we went to bed. The next afternoon, I attempted to turn it on so we could watch a movie since it was raining. And nothing. Would not turn on. I tried charging the tablet and nothing worked. Needless to say, I was less than pleased. What pushed me over the dissatisfaction edge is that when returning this item, I had to pay for return shipping; that shipping (since it is international) costs me $26. So not only am I currently out the money I spent on the item, I am now out an extra $26 because I was sent a defective product. I can understand if I wanted to return this product for my own simple reason paying the shipping. But when this product was defective and lasted less than one week after I received it, making me pay the return shipping is not the way to keep me as a customer.
tablet_zeepad|Have an ongoing problem with using the charger. Have to wiggle the plug around to get it to charge. Other than that, the tablet is a pretty good item.
tablet_zeepad|Came with Angry Birds, Fruit Ninja, and a few other games pre-loaded which was nice. I was also able to download various apps from the Google PlayStore with no problems.
tablet_zeepad|I knew buying this I was not going to get top of the line. It freezes occasionally (usually when it idles for a while), but I just simply turn it off and back on. Easy to use system, only took me about 2 minutes to figure it out without using the manual. I bought it for my three year old son and serves its purpose. I would say if it can hold up to my three year old it is pretty durable.
tablet_zeepad|I purchased this tablet as a surprise easter gift for my 6 year old son. When it arrived I rushed to get it set up and download a ton of apps so my son could play with it as soon as he opened it. It was very easy to use although the downloading did take a while. Took approximately 10-15 mins to down load each app and I had purchased about 60 apps (along with some children's kindle books). This was fine since the tablet is priced under $100 (what did I expect, really).My sole issue with this tablet is with the charger. It does not charge well or quickly with the USB cord and the wall charger is difficult to work with. The charger plug does not fit completely into the port so I'm constantly trying to stop myself from shoving it in further. Also, if the plug is not positioned in the port exactly right the unit will not charge. I end up twisting and turning, and wiggling the plug around while constantly checking to see if the tablet is indeed charging. It's a little annoying. If it at least had an LED light that would blink or light up when the unit was charging, I would like it a lot better.Overall, it is a nice tablet especially considering the price. If I could do it over, I would probably purchase the same one again. I may look into purchasing a different charger that might fit the unit better. I did have to purchase a separate MicroSD card since only 40 of the 60 apps I purchased fit onto the tablet. But that was only an extra $20 or so. Well worth it since I am sure I will be purchasing more apps for the tablet in the future.
tablet_zeepad|i got scrathed really easily but it was good and it also legged aloti couldnt play bike race and stuff like that
tablet_zeepad|Pros: The price was great, the ease of use is great,Cons: Very hard to find replacement wall charger,car charger, I have one on order from engine69, hopfully its the correct one.
tablet_zeepad|I bought this for my son's 7th birthday. He loves it! It does everything we need it to do, movies, music, books, games...and more! Android devices are easy to work with!
tablet_zeepad|I purchased the tablet for a four year old, I didn't want be an expensive in fear of it being broken by children. I was expecting it to be just something for the kids to play angry bird on. To my surprise it was really a good tablet, you can download from google play, screen was really responsive, and the micro Sd slot was really a plus. I would definitely by another in the future
tablet_zeepad|This would have been a great product for my 8 year old, if I could only get the touch screen to operate to input the Gmail info. Maybe I just got a defected tablet. *shrugs* It has been returned and I ordered something else. Hopefully this will work much better.
tablet_zeepad|This tablet was purchased by and for my 10 year old daughter with her own birthday money. It was delivered on time, however, the packaging was not secure, as the side of the box was simply folded in; no tape, no seal whatsoever. As for the product itself, it works great, but only after 2 weeks, the headphones no longer work, which is disappointing for her, as she prefers to use them whenever using her tablet. We will be going to buy a new set of headphones for it, but other than that, again, she absolutely loves it. It's perfect for a young child, or as a starter tablet for even an adult.
tablet_zeepad|For the price, not a bad purchase. A nice cheap way to get familiar with an android tablet. Easy to connect to Wi-Fi and download apps.Two cons: The battery life between charges is less than three hours even with the screen illumination adjusted to 50%!! The touch screen is super sensitive, very difficult to scroll without selecting something unwanted.
tablet_zeepad|I purchased the Zeepad for my grandson and he loves it. His older brother asked for one for his birthday as well. It was a hit!
tablet_zeepad|This tablet (the Zeepad 7.0) was a birthday gift for my 10 year old son. He is VERY rough with toys and anything that's electronic. I was hesitant to give him a tablet of any kind but he had shown great interest in using his mom's Kindle Fire (under her watchful eye!), including practicing reading skills, so I decided to go with a budget-priced tablet and get him one of his own. We are now at week 3 with his use of the Zeepad and so far, so good! He uses it daily for Netflix, Angry Birds and reading e-books. I estimate he's put at least 80 hours of use into the tablet and it still functions perfectly.I was VERY pleased with the quality of the video, given the price range. I was expecting Netflix movies to appear blocky and lo-res looking but that's not at all the case. I'm very pleased with the overall performance of this tablet. I've had no problems logging into Google Play and installing new apps. Keep in mind - this tablet is NOT going to set speed records. Yes, there are lag times in contrast to higher priced tablets but we're talking maybe 1 to possibly 5 seconds (Netflix in particular can take several seconds to boot up). But once an app is up and running, we've had no performance problems.One BIG caution. The battery life is very short before recharging is required. He usually just stays plugged in (you can charge and use the device at the same time) to avoid having the tablet shut down during a record-breaking Angry Birds game. I estimate the battery life is 2 to 2.5 hours tops.If you are able to cope with the short battery life, I highly recommend the Zeepad for kids and for anyone who is looking for a low-priced tablet.
tablet_zeepad|However; my program is always when the tablet doesn't turn off. They have to do better marketing this product. How is the customer service, what website can I get help from, Who Can I send it back
tablet_zeepad|I bought this for my daughter as a late Christmas present; Here it is not 3 months after it shipped and the screen is shattered and it was sitting on a table without anyone touching it when it, flashed a couple times then a quarter of the screen just went black! I contacted the seller to try to get information on how to have it fixed because it is still under warranty & needs to have Any repairs done at a &#34;Certified Zeepad Dealer&#34; so as not to Void the warranty and got NO response other than &#34;Sorry contact the factory!&#34;So now I am left looking for a New tablet for my 13 year old who is pretty upset not to mention I am not too happy myself seeing as I don't have an extra $100 (with shipping and accessories) to just throw away every 2 months or so on a new tablet. JMHO
tablet_zeepad|could not get a connection at all,tried several times and had help from a tech also. will not purchase anything from you again,thanks
tablet_zeepad|My 3 year old never let me have my kindle so I got rid of his mobigo and bought this zeepad. Has great storage capacity for the games for kids. Even downloaded some videos for him to watch offline almost all games are available for play without the Wi-Fi on. The only thing I don't like is the screen it's seems like 3d and sometimes makes it hard to see. The touch screen is perfect and comes with some pretty cool accessories. Perfect for younger kids.
tablet_zeepad|for a basic tablet, this isnt too bad, but with only 512 MB of RAM, memory management is an issue. The battery doesnt quite last as long as I would like, but it can handle basic social browsing if you are not trying to rush through your apps.
tablet_zeepad|My brother loves this tablet to death. Was purchased as a christmas gift. You pay for what you get pretty much
tablet_zeepad|Ok..so I bought this for my fourteen year old and eight year old for Xmas..unfortunatly they didnt even last a couple of weeks..the screens are extremely fragile and they both ended up shattering..I own a kindle fire.my kindle has survived both boys and a three year old and has been dropped numerous occasions and still manages to work perfectly! My opinion is to save your money until you have enough to buy a good tablet.one that will withstand time. Like a kindle or galaxy tablet. Both of those tablets can do exactly what this one did and then some!
tablet_zeepad|Pro's: Its cheap and screen is very bright at nighttime. Touch sensing seems to work just as well as the top brands. Is already rooted before you receive it so thats a bonus.Con's: Seems to be made with some cheap plastic. Screen is hard to see when its bright outside and you pretty much HAVE to be right in front of it to see it. Doesnt run very fast and does seemed dated. Definitely make sure you get a Micro SD card for this model, cause 4GB just is NOT enough room, especially considering you have slightly less than 2GB available with the OS on it.
tablet_zeepad|Price excellent,and work fantastic,my grand...es happy. I will buy soon another one.everything work fine in this product.thanks.Richard.
tablet_zeepad|IT VERY NICE.THE PRICE IS EXCELENT.IT WORKS LIGHTLY AND POWERFULL.THE BATTERY DESCHARGES TOO FAST BUT IT WORK OK.I LIKE IT VERY MUCH.I LIVE IN VENEZUELA AND MY BABY IS HAPPY WITH IT.
tablet_zeepad|Where to start... Shipping took nearly an extra week (seller issue, not the product but I figured it's relevant). The screen was only attached by the ribbon cable and kept falling out. It was gift for a kid on Christmas so we dealt with it. He's only here on the weekend so it didn't get much use and we figured it would be ok. The screen eventually fell out and cracked down the middle. They wanted another $40 to fix it and stated there is no manufacturer warranty for hardware issues, only software. Besides the poor construction it also didn't function very well. One of the main selling points was for him to be able to Skype with family members and it couldn't handle both voice and video at the same time (crappy processor?). We tried from our PC to make sure it wasn't the connection, once we turned off the video option off it functioned ok at best. Terrible terrible product, filed an Amazon dispute.
tablet_zeepad|After having this tablet for less then a week it no longer holds a charge and wont even come on. I'm pissed off because I purchased it specifically to take on a trip with me so I wouldnt have to carry a heavy laptop around and I could read ebooks and use the other features like internet and netflix during my trip. I am extremely dissappointed and I will be returning it. It was a complete waste of money and time. Now my trip is in 4 days and I'm out $100 until I get my refund, and I have no tablet to bring with me to the trip. I could have spent that money on other stuff.
tablet_zeepad|I bought it for my kids, and they definetely love this device. Well constructed. If you want it for your kids, try to include a leather cover or something similar and they'll get lot of fun. Some games won't run as this is not the best hardware available, but most of them run fine.
tablet_zeepad|The first tablet I received had defective speakers, a mismatched set of earphones, and no instructions.I was very frustrated at first, but then Zeepad support was able to promptly (and in a hassle-free way) respond to my request to replace the defective unit, and the replacement unit has been working great for the price!
tablet_zeepad|this is not an ipad.this is an. 80$ tablet that plays games (gba and &lt;) and it isn't THAT slow. for 80 bucks you get what you pay for and more. internet is acceptable, touchscreen is spot on, get usb keybord and a class 10 micro hdsc 32 card and your gravy.battery last about or &lt; 4 hours playing gba.youtube is smooth, wifi good,the bad... it doesn't brush my teeth...
tablet_zeepad|It is a great tablet for the price. I bought it to use e-textbooks in class and it functions perfectly. Not the fastest tablet, but I don't use it for anything elaborate.My only real complaint is that the specs say it has a standard 3.5mm headphone jack, but headphones don't fit in the jack. I just ordered a 2.5mm adapter, so hopefully that helps.
tablet_zeepad|I bought this as a starter tablet in order to see if I would like to invest in a higher end tablet later or buy a laptop.This tablet does a great job. The browser is a little slow at times but acceptable. I've had no problems with donwloading apps. Great for displaying photos and videos to family and friends. Be sure to get a mirco sd card with this. Right now I'm leaning toward a larger tablet.
tablet_zeepad|THIS ZEEPAD FROM AMAZON DOES EVERYTHING THAT I NEED FOR IT TO DO. IT CONNECTS READILY TO THE INTERNET AND DOESN'T DROP CONNECTIONS VERY OFTEN ALTHOUGH IT DOES HAPPEN ON OCCASION. OVERALL I WOULD RATE IT A 5 STAR PRODUCT FOR THE PRICE THAT I PAID FOR IT.
tablet_zeepad|I am thoroughly pleased with my tablet. I was very pleased with the speed of delivery and the care in packaging. The tablet itself is great. I'm still getting used to some features as I had not used one before, but love the ease of use and the size.
tablet_zeepad|This tablet is used for etextbooks and I can't rave enough about it for the price!! I really enjoy it and was pleasantly surprised at all of its features. The battery life starts draining right away though, even if I'm simply reading an Ebook through the kindle app. I really love how apps are available, including netflix, by the way. Overall, if you can't afford a $500 tablet, this is perfect for the average college student.
tablet_zeepad|This was for my 11 year old son's Birthday. It has been a great product. Uses it for his video games and his reading as well as other stuff. He absolutely loves it. For the price, cannot beat it.
tablet_zeepad|Great value for the money. ! It was ready to go right out of the box, also compatible with google play which is a plus in an android.
tablet_zeepad|These are very durable and great to do about anything. I bought it as a gift for my 9yr old and he absolutely loves it. Only downfall is that the battery does not keep a long charge.
tablet_zeepad|We purchased this for our 2.5 yr. old. After downloading some children's aps it didn't take him long to figure how to turn the device on and off and open his games and puzzles. It is quite durable and has survived a couple of drops to the floor and keeps on going. The screen resolution is no i pad retina but we're not streaming movies or anything like that. My wife and I have a few of our own aps as well and we love to use it too.
tablet_zeepad|I ordered 2 of these for my kids 7 and 8. We wanted something cheap, with quick shipping, for a trip we are taking in a few weeks. We are not disappointed at all. One came in the 2 day shipping and one was a day or two late. They work perfect for them. We updated the software to the latest, and they even come with several apps already included. Highly recommend to anyone that is looking to purchase a tablet for a child.
tablet_zeepad|I must admit, When I first got this tablet I was VERY IMPRESSED! but after 2 months of use, it no longer would charge and would freeze up ALL THE TIME. Returned and bought a better one with a 8GB.
tablet_zeepad|My daughter loves this tablet. We haven't had too much trouble using it with her, save for one app that decided to quit working. Only real gripe is that the Micro USB port is positioned at the top of the unit. Meaning you have to drape a connection to a USB keyboard either around the tablet or behind it while it's positioned in a case. other than that, great!
tablet_zeepad|This is my first tablet, and I've been pleased with it. I bought it knowing that it's not a high-end samsung or iPad. Some times it seems to hang a little bit on commands and there seems to be a slight dead spot on one of the corners (which is only a problem if I oriented it that way so that the &#34;back&#34; button is on that corner).If you just want a very inexpensive tablet to fiddle with, like I did, this is a nice product for that.
tablet_zeepad|Got this for my wife's birthday.Sorry not to tech savvy on the unit's particulars but here's what we use it for:Pros: Great eReader Tablet, she uses the local online Library to check out books and is a big plus!Web surfing through our home wireless network works pretty good and watch videos 'netflix', 'youtube' with no problem.Also fun with our newborn son interactive android apps.Battery life is pretty decent (i shut off the unecessary apps).Great price for what this tablet offers!Cons: the camera has a low resolution but ok for starter. The instruction booklet was not really helpful but gave enough hints to figure out some configuration (network, navigation, setting up accounts, etc..)The camera has low resolution pictures come out grainy in medium to low light, have not tried with bright lights.Overall, a great beginner's tablet. Very functional for ereader, websurfing, checking email, and simple apps.
tablet_zeepad|Works as advertised. Not the fastest tablet by far, but would be a great beginner tablet for kids. Charges through USB port as well as the supplied charging cable.Cons: Screen viewing angle is sub par.
tablet_zeepad|Bought these as surprise gifts for two straight A grandkids to use as ereaders. They were perfect and work perfectly
tablet_zeepad|At this point I'm still discovering lots about it. Not satisfied that it came without software. the Net & You Tube was very Helpful with features and operation.
tablet_zeepad|I received this PC yesterday. I was so happy that finally i can download my pictures from my phone to my new computer. Not! I attempted to download the pictures with no success. So i proceeded to the manual. The manual is written so small that even when i scanned it with my old computer it continued to be illegible. So i attempted to seek out the manual online, no such luck. I am attempting to find some way to work with this product. At this time, i would say don't brother!
tablet_zeepad|I ordered two of them for xmas for my grand children and they love them really well its kjust the one wont charge
tablet_zeepad|I bought this item for my uncle in the US, just for the possibility to communicate with him via Skype.Unfortunately, exactly this feature is not working properly. The tablet cannot send a steady picture. The image freezes and bounces in a chaotic way. However my uncle found it useful for searching the Internet, where the tablet is working very well.Over all, a good quality product with some limitations.
tablet_zeepad|gave this gift for my 8 year old son. He loves playing the free games and watching netflix. Wish the battery life lasted longer but its a quick charge.
tablet_zeepad|I just received my Zeepad, I bought it for my husband who is NOT computer savvy and thought it would be easy for him to use to look up things on the internet and maybe put a few games on it.Cons. The manual that comes is very very tiny and also in broken English, probably used a translating program so you tend to scratch your head a bit.. that is IF you can read it, the print is so small I had to get a magnifier to read it and then discovered it was of almost no use at all. So without any instructions it was/is hard to sort of figure out how it works. It took me a considerable amount of time just to figure out how to set up the internet WiFi.... but once I figured out the simplicity of it.. it was set up in seconds . The downside is that sometimes the device just does not want to let you get onto the internet even when the signal is strong.. unsure what is causing that issue... but you can come back later and try it and it might go onto the internet easily.. so don't know what is hanging it up.The device itself feels a bit flimsy but is also very light weight. The screen colors are fine and the sound is &#34;just ok&#34; . I haven't tried Netflix yet but if there are issues I will edit this review.The battery is not very good, and I am not wild about the charger that came with it, however you can use it and play games on it while it is plugged in and being charged. The type of battery that is in it.. the instructions say it is better to let it run out completely before you recharge it.. and if you have issues because you have charged it to soon.. to let the battery run out completely then recharge it.On the Positive side... For the price ($77.00) it is a pretty decent little handheld. It accesses tons of games, almost all of the same games I have on my Kindle Fire.. many many free ones and most games are between 99 cents to 2.99. The game downloads go easy and the game play is fine. The touch screen is very responsive and it takes only a gentle touch to play the games or select items. I do plan to expand the memory with a micro sd card but may find that I don't need to. I have half a dozen games on it right now and in less than 24 hours I am getting to understand the device. It is not a Kindle or a Ipad.. it is what it is.. which is a ok value for what you pay for it. I dont mind the quirks with the internet for I think I will be able to figure that out as time goes by. I originally bought it for my husband to be able to look thinks up on the internet but think I will probably just load games on it and let it go at that.. my husband will use it a bit or the grand kids will surely play the games so it was worth the price just to have a small handheld game player around for them to play.Would I buy it again? probably Would I give it as a gift? probably of course this opinion is based on only having the device up and running for 24 hours and hard to predict if it will hold up.
tablet_zeepad|The only problem is that I have yet o find out no to put on the parental control. I bought 2 of these for my 5yr old and my soon o be 3 yr old. They both love it.
tablet_zeepad|This is a great product for kids. My son uses his for games, music, craigslist, and facebook. We haven't checked out the netflix yet but we are completely satisfied for the price. I would recommend highly!
tablet_zeepad|First I want to say that, when I ordered these the price was 79.99. The very next day the seller (ENGINE 29) put them on sale at 69.99. You may say ok that's just 10.00, but I ordered 3 of these. I contacted them and they informed me that they could not change the price or give me credit for the difference. I could understand if it was a week or so later. But the next day. The pad are great. They are really fast for the size and perfect for the grandkids. They came already ready to go with games and wifi ready. I ordered the cases that have the keypads to them as well. So they are totally satisfied.
tablet_zeepad|The shipment was fast and on time love doing business with u guys thanks now my kids can have a wonderful new year with their gift
tablet_zeepad|One of the best tablets out right now They Love Them Will Bye Another one if the price go back down...
tablet_zeepad|This purchase was the best purchase i could have made. My 8yr old son wanted a tablet like his father, but I didn't want to invest a lot of money. This does everything i needed it to do. Shipping scared me a little it was towards the end of the delivery time that i was quoted, but it did arrive. Thank you!!!
tablet_zeepad|I recieved this the day I was supposed to, I love it... don't believe all the negative reviews you read about this. So far it does everything I want it to do. The battery life is not very long it lasts about 2.5 hrs before it needs charged. The wifi works great, I get a signal in places I usually don't. The screen is bright and the colors are great, I have not watched any videos on it but the one it came with and it was crystal clear. Games work great on this, I have several so far, I do recommend getting a card for it to hold more...but overall it works great. The touch screen is very responsive, I did have to tap it a couple of times to get it to respond, but overall it's not a high end high dollar tablet. so far i am very pleased with it...
tablet_zeepad|This item is easy to carry and use at work, and will come in handy for travelling verus carrying a laptop.I was not thrilled w/the seller, as it took a very long time to get to me.I recommend the product, not the seller I purchased it from.
tablet_zeepad|This is an addition to my original review. The company edge cuter send me another zeepad for my doughter, but my doughter was now disappointed with the product. So I emailed the company and they worked with me to get this problem resolved. My son wanted a blue colored one. So I send the new pink one that I just had received in the mail and they send me aBlue colored zeepad for my son. It is not the fastest tablet but for the price and the companies cooperation in resolving this problem, I can't really complain. They fix the Issues and improved their shipping methods, so the electronics are more protected during shipping. Because I know UPS or USPS just throw boxes around and couldn't care less what's in them. So overall as far as customer service the company did a great job, and my son loves his blue color tablet. It is his first one, and its been working fine so far. Thanks GaryAlan gavami.
tablet_zeepad|I specifically wanted a tablet that my daugther could take photos and video with as well as skype her sister who is away at college. The specifications said it did it all. Well yes technically it does it all, but the only camera and video is FACING the user! So no dual camera... disappointing to say the least. But it shipped fast, and was really low priced. And it functions well. It holds battery life well and even without the camera, my daugther LOVES it. She takes it on her daddy weekends so she can watch Netflix and check her facebook. It seems to be quite sturdy too and the screen has a nice resolution. I would recommend it unless you want the dual camera.
tablet_zeepad|I bought it for my four year old for Christmas and it works like a charm! Very good tablet. The touch screen is excellent, and the setup was very easy!
tablet_zeepad|I got this for my 8 year old he loves it never had an issue other than not much storage space in it
tablet_zeepad|it is easy to use for me and my son and my son loves having a tablet of his own
tablet_zeepad|I bought these for my 3 boys and they absolutely love them. They are sturdy and have great apps. My boys play on them for hours on end. I would reccommend them to everyone!
tablet_zeepad|This review is in no way, shape or form about the seller OR Amazon for that matter. Thi is specifically about the tablet itself. In a word... OUCH!I didn't expect much at all for this price. I have young kids who really wanted a tablet for games etc... I didn't want to get them something that would make me hurt too bad if THEY broke it.As a techie I am aware that my personal standards may be a bit high but I tried to keep my expectations in check for the purposes of the intended use. a 5 and 6 year old.I ordered two of these thinking that less than 80.00 a piece for a &#34;tech toy&#34; can't be horrible. Boy was I wrong. The quality of the propduct build was about what I expected, plastic, and cheap plastic at that. The screen, while I didn't expect it to be up to par with something like a Nexus 7, I didn't think it would be practically unviewable in portrait mode, and low visibility from certain angles even in landscape mode.I knew it would be slow, I fully expected (thus appreciated) the lag in functions. The battery life however was a shocker. One was dead in about 2.5 hours and the other made it about 3 hours. Not acceptable no matter how inexpensive it was.The other thing that I noticed is that one of the tablets (though they were identical) did NOT have Zeepad branding, it was a generic of a generic, nothing to cry about since as I said before they were identical in every other way.The packaging and contents are also of a generic caliber. One came with earphones and a cheap sylus, the other came with a cheap stylus/pen and a screen protector.Another thing that really bothered me was the jailbroken state they are in. Makes me wonder about the legitimacy of the company. I can't say that the software was &#34;stolen&#34; because Android is largely open source however it did seem to be a bit janky and illegitimate.One tablet was in an Asian language with little hope to change it to english, fortunately I'm used to android and it's icons so I was able to make it through.Overall it just wasn't worth it for me to keep them, Got them on Friday, sent them back today. Decided to get my babies a Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 instead. They are worth the extra hundred bucks a piece :).If you order this your mileage may vary depending on your expectations of course. As for me, I would be hard pressed to suggest this to anyone, friend or foe!
tablet_zeepad|This tablet s very reasonable, but its very cheap!!! I dropped the tablet on carpet and it broke.... I tried to get in contact with the company and they still haven't responded. Zeepad is very unprofessional
tablet_zeepad|IT VERY EASY TO USE MY SON LOVES IT.. IT IS SMALL ENOUGH I CARRY IT IN MY PURSE WHEN HE DONE PLAYING IT . THE ONLY THING IS I WISH THE BATTERY LIFE LASTED LONGER..
tablet_zeepad|I got this for my son for his birthday and he loves it. Definately worth it even though it is cheap it works great
tablet_zeepad|bought this product for my cousin but tested it for abit, the tablet is working ok, not the fastest but ok speed. my one disappointment is that it came with a few scratches.
tablet_zeepad|This is not a good tablet. It constantly freezes, and deletes the things i have downloaded. I am mad i even baught this, because it is a complete waste of money. half the time it doesnt even really turn on when i want it to, thats how delayed the reactions are!Do NOT buy this.The only thing this is good for is that you get a stylus with it, and at least they couldnt mess that up.You have to buy an external memory card for it( which is good becuase you can have switch memory cards out..)but it constantly deletes my stuff from the app store, and i dont know why.when i received it the packaging was terrible, and i thought that it may have been damaged.I have never seen more spelling mistakes than i have in the manual of how to use this product...its like they didnt even use spell check!!!this sucks, dont be fooled by the price and think this is a steal...
tablet_zeepad|I bought this for 10 year old and his only complaint was that it takes a second to load when your turning it on, if it has been off
tablet_zeepad|I like this tablet for my toddler because its good enough for her, but the battery life is not all that great. the battery charger broke in the first week that we had it, but the usb cord will charge it which i like better any way. i downloaded lots of toddler games and they play great but as far as facebook, youtube, or pintrest its slow and gets stuck often. so if you need an inexpensive tablet to keep your kids off your ipad then this is it! but for adult use for everyday things that an ipad can do this is not it. it just wont hold a charge long enough for wireless stuff. but it came fast, the seller is great and over all my 3 yr old is happy to play with it.
tablet_zeepad|I was always told if I have nothing to say, then say nothing. However, after a very disappointed 10 year I must say this is the worse 90 dollars I have spent. It arrived on time and after two weeks it is now on its way back. It doesn't keep a charge,lasting only about 2 hours. Two weeks later my son goes to turn it on and it won't. All of a sudden it comes on and it has reset itself and erased everything! It no longer will connect to wifi. I contacted te seller and they told me I had to contact amazon. So I contacted amazon and they told me to contact the seller. Seriously! Amazon finally sent me a link to return it. It's now on its way back and I am patiently waiting for the return of my money.
tablet_zeepad|I bought this as a gift for my 10 year old. The tablet does what it is supposed but sometimes have a mind of its own.
tablet_zeepad|It's a little slow at times, definitely not a games tablet, though all angry birds games play just fine. For a simple reader, it's very good. Battery life is very good also, lasts for a week with my use. I've been able to install all the productivity apps that I have on my iPhone, they all work great (with wifi, of course). One note- don't bother trying to get to the website to flash the firmware- the English is so bad it doesn't make any sense!!!!
tablet_zeepad|Packaging was fair at best. The response time to process commands was slow. Display not very bright. Battery failed to turn on unit after the third day and would not charge. I could not get the unit to boot so I sent it back as a deffective unit. I would not recommend this tablet.
tablet_zeepad|I bought this item for my nephew so he can skype with family members while he is away from home. He can use Facebook, Netflix, it's easy to set up and easy to navigate for a younger child or a teenager that is not responsible enough for a laptop or Ipad. You can downloaded apps on this piece of technology.
tablet_zeepad|EDIT I dropped the review on this to one star from three. I purchased two of these tablets for my kids (12 & 9) one died fairly quickly, the story of how the company was willing to deal with that is below. When I ran anti-virus software on the second one (AVG) I found that the device came to me rooted which tells me the version of Android firmware that is on it is highly suspect and likely counterfeit--that would explain why the tablets don't update with Android updates when my other Android products do.FIND ANOTHER TABLET!The tablet itself seems to work well, what was a problem was when we received it the only charger that came for the tablet was designed for Eastern European plugs, there was an adapter but by the time you got them plugged together the stack was nearly 3 inches from the wall and weighed so much that it wouldn't stay plugged in. There was also a micro USB cable included and we used that to charge the systems for a while but that quit working. I contacted the company and they were willing to exchange the tablet after shipping it to China. They also said they'd fix the problem with the charger and sent me another identical adapter.I believe this company is trying to do their best but they don't have an understanding of the US Market, I'd purchase from a different supplier.I also thought the tablet had two cameras, it only has a front facing one.
tablet_zeepad|For a 3g not bad, equal to others that's 4.0 ice cream , I use it to watch movies , do enjoy not having to carry my laptop around all the time
tablet_zeepad|I purchased the Zeepad 7.0 for my 12yo grandson and haven't been disappointed. For the price, it's a great beginnner tablet. I like the fact that it uses google apps, he has many choices. The only downside is that it was difficult to set up because the choices were in Japanese? Somehow, my daughter was able to set it up in English. We have had no problems since.
tablet_zeepad|My daughter wont put it down and now the other kids want one. my daugther loves her new tablet. Great buy!
tablet_zeepad|Bought this for my 70-something mother-in-law, she has a very basic knowledge of electronics in general, so i was just hoping for something simple and functional. This met all my expectations and more! I played with it a bit to set it up for her and dound it very easy to navigate, good picture, responsive screen. Don't put it head to head with an ipad or kindle, it'll just hurt Zeepad's feelings! ;) Its a good, simple little tablet to use for watching knitting videos on youtube!
tablet_zeepad|I love it but the battery life sucks big time. I get 20 mins tops. When I first got it it I got 2-1/2 hrs so IDK what happened to it and I've only had it for about two weeks. If it had good battery I'd giive it five stars but since it doesn't I only give it three. IDK if something is wrong w/it or if that's the nature of this item. I've turned down the brightneess and tried other things but to no avail. Its a great tablet tho so the battery issue isn't a deal breaker for me as I'm not taking it out of my home. Is a bad battery life normal for this item?
tablet_zeepad|I am really impressed with this tablet, the price was great and the web surfing speed is incredible! this was a great buy....Thanks Amazon!!
tablet_zeepad|My nephew will love this...he hasn't seen it yet. I heard the Android technology was amazing so I purchased this over a Kindle. I like the slim, lightweight device. Thank you!
tablet_zeepad|This was purchased as a Christmas present for my Grandson, and he loved it. I also ended up purchasing a key board to go along with it.
tablet_zeepad|The price was right, It does work and my son plays games on it when we are out and about. I wanted to see if I really wanted a small pad, I like it but the screen quality is the weakest link,but I now plan on getting a Quad core 7&#34; pad, probably a Galaxy.
tablet_zeepad|Got this for my 6 year old son for Christmas. It works pretty good for his needs. It is alittle slow, especially when turning on. Other then that it works great for him to play games and watch you tube on.
tablet_zeepad|Nice pad for the money. I purchased for my 2 children for Christmas and they have used them almost daily with no issues so far. Great for watching Netflix and playing the apps they enjoyed on my smartphone.
tablet_zeepad|I bought this tablet for my mom, so I only had a couple of days to check it out before delivering it as a gift. My must-have feature was the ability to do Skype calls and it worked pretty well. It comes with the real Google Play Store, so it would be easy to install your favorite applications. Here some points to ponder:- Only front camera for video calling. The resolution is pretty decent, though the camera application was very basic. Fixed installing another app from the Play Store.- No GPS.- The items on the screen "stretch" when tablet is held vertical. No big deal, but I think that means it would be better to use it only in horizontal orientation.- Also, when transitioning (moving the tablet) between horizontal & vertical, the screen gets a little crazy swapping from vertical to horizontal. It calms down when stabilized.- Highly recommended to install the adhesive screen protector immediately after opening. Got some scratches for normal use.- Tested Skype and Youtube and both worked fine.- I couldn't test the ports or the USB cable. Adhesive screen protector and a stylus are included.EDIT: My brother told me they are having problems leaving Skype enabled all the time. I don't know what happens but it shows as if in disconnected status. Also, it seems the volume of the speakers and the sound quality is very low when in a call, compared to a Galaxy Tab 2. I assume it would be better to use headphones.
tablet_zeepad|I purchased this for my daughter for x'mas, although it didn't arrive until after x'mas, which was kind of a bummer for her. So far this pad has exceeded my expectations. I have not had a problem with my charger yet, but it doesn't seem to be the right one for the zeepad. I have had no connection problems, or freezing up issues so far. I wish it had a simple case for it, but haven't found one that fits yet. Not better than my nook color, but definetly good for children of all ages.
tablet_zeepad|This was purchased for child that wanted ipod touch for christmas. her response to recieving this instead was - it took my breath away ; it is better than an ipod touch! Thanks for making my little girls Christmas - ps bought a used coby tablet for younger sibling for similar price and like that this one has a camera and uses google play store for downloading apps! Great product!!!
tablet_zeepad|got it today, very difficult to read manual. it has to be charged before use. totally dead battery. after that it is pretty easy to set up.Lets eee how the kids like it
tablet_zeepad|This really is a NICE tablet! It works great, downloading apps was really quick and EASY!! So many fun free game.I have not tryed everything, just got it a week or two ago for my 12 yr old son for Christmas. I did play with and charge it 100% and had lots of games for him already downloaded for Christmas morning. I only gave a 4 star because the tablet does freeze up some.
tablet_zeepad|In general no big problems with this tablet. Sometimes I had to restart my wi-fi modem, because tablet shows it's connected, but is not. Otherwise good CPU speed and response of the screen. Runs smoothly.
tablet_zeepad|I recently received my tablet yesterday, it worked right out of the box it was somewhat charged. Note: You should charge it as soon as you get it because it takes 6hrs to charge the first 2 times, this is stated in the manual. Also, be careful with the wall charger, mine needed to be adjusted before it could begin charging the tablet. If you charge by USB it might take longer, i found that the wall charger is quicker. YOU SHOULD BUY MEMORY EXPANSION, it's not optional if you plan on adding a lot of items on your tablet you get 1 GB of on-board storage. Make sure you are careful not to drop it, i would not recommend that at all because it doesn't seem like it is able to take much damage. Personally i bought a tablet case with a keyboard a good 1 to use is the 7" Tablet Stand with USB Keyboard - Black Faux Leather Carrying Case, there is a converter that comes with this tablet that you can hook up to the cases keyboard USB cable. The browsing speed is quite nice and the apps are amazing since they come from the Google play-store. You can stream any type of online content like from YouTube or the web. One thing i found odd is that when your on the main screen and you click the search magnifying glass you see a brief image of previous YouTube videos that you've watched. In my opinion i suggest you uninstall the YouTube app that comes with the tablet and re-install a newer one which fixed my problem. Tip: If you put a SD card in and you want to get it out you push the SD card in and then release it and it will come out. If you decide you want to link a YouTube account with your tablet, and each time you try to login you get an error message. You might need to do the 2-step verification for the Google account you want to link with(additional help just ask). This is an overall good product. If you have any question feel free to ask.
tablet_zeepad|I really like my Zeepad tablet. For the price I got it for, I think it was really worth it. It does most of everything I was looking for. I received the shipment much earlier/quicker than I had expected. Thanks.
tablet_zeepad|I bought this for my son who wanted a Kindle Fire, but this seemed to have all the features he was really looking for with a much better price. No trouble connecting it to our Wifi, he has downloaded some game apps. It works with Youtube, Netflix, Skype, can get email and downloaded Kindle App for e-reader. Overall, it does everything he wants a tablet to do, it's small but the resolution is good. I feel he got everything he wanted the Kindle Fire for at a much better price and it's sufficient for his purposes. It's a nifty little gadget.
tablet_zeepad|I'm a certified computer, phone, and tablet technician. I have extensive experience with tablets. I've used the cheap Koby's, NextBook, etc. I've also had my hands on more expensive tablets, iPad, Nexus, Acer, etc. Let me tell you...this tablet is much more than I expected for the price. It's very fluid. The camera is adequate for skype. The build quality is great. Has a nice solid feel to it. It can accept external storage (USB Thumb Drive or External USB Hard Drive), via the USB female breakout cable.Purchase a microSD card! I cannot stress this enough. Even though they state that it's 4gb, there is only approximately 1gb of usable space. MicroSD cards are cheap these days. I purchased a 16gb for around 15 bucks on here.The screen viewing angle is not that great. But again...under $100 bucks. Also, the resolution is a little rough. It's 800x400, but I have seen 800x400 tablets look much better. Still...it's adequate. I can make out text and pictures clearly.I could've paid a little more and I would still be happy. Very good product for the price.
tablet_zeepad|Bought it for my 60 year old father. He's not very technical but it was easy for him to use.
tablet_zeepad|My wife has a Google Nexus 7 tablet and the latter is my only frame of reference for functionality and quality.I purchased (3) Zeepads for my grandchildren and they arrived 12/22/12 instead of the scheduled 12/21. All were about 85% charged. Each Zeepad connected to my wi-fi home network in a matter of seconds. Touch screen was responsive and a breeze to navigate. I am pleasantly surprised with the overall build quality and remarkable functionality of the Zeepad.While not as fast as the Google Nexus 7, which has a hotter Arm Holdings designed processor, the Zeepad's speed is quite adequate. I was drawn to the Zeepad since its processor is also an Arm design and the Android operating system is tough to beat. Image or screen quality is inferior to the Nexus but decent. The difference can be noticed when viewing the screen from an angle, but as long as the view of the Zeepad is straight on, the quality is good, not great. To put the review in perspective, remember the Zeepad is well below $100 and, at this price point, I think this product is a real value. Actually, it is a remarkable surprise. My grandkids opened these on Xmas Eve and within seconds were connected to the net and gazing at more apps (mostly free games) on GooglePlay, where android apps are offered in abundance. Did not experience any slowness as mentioned in some reviews. Perhaps the network? Durability is an unknown since we have had the Zeepads for just few days so I'll follow up in a month or so. While I was very skeptical that a tablet would do all the things claimed, after seeing the Zeepad in action, I wish I would have grabbed one for myself!
tablet_zeepad|The tablet is great. It is just as powerful as the big name brand. It has smooth touch screen and the google play store, so to download thousands of free paid apps.
tablet_zeepad|This product is great....Bought it for my 7 year old and installed parental apps....She loves it and so do I. It's a great tablet for the price....
tablet_zeepad|I brought this tablet for my kids. Easy to operate and I would recomend this inexspensive tablet. very thin and easy to damage,get a tablet case if giving it to the kids.
tablet_zeepad|I bought 2 of these for a 5 and 7 year old for christmas. When I recieved them I set them up and it took me no time to start to download apps on them and to start to customize them. Now are they the best quality no not really, but for the money they are awsome. I work with electronics daily for my job. My opinion I would not buy these for my self as an adult, but for a child as a starter it exactly what I wanted for them. It does have the play store which is the most important thing for easy set up and downloading of applications.
tablet_zeepad|Product arrived before schedule with no issues so far. Purchased for a 10 year old who is very happy with the Zeepad.
tablet_zeepad|We have been very pleased with this 7 inch tablet. My 7 year old son bought this with his own money. He loves playing games on it and listening to Iheart Radio. He chose to buy this over a DS, due to the fact that he can put games on for free and also have movies and books on it. I would highly recommend this for any child.
tablet_zeepad|The Zeepad is a well built tablet at an affordable price. It works well as an e-reader. The WiFi is fast and reliable. It is very comparable to my smartphone, since the operating system is the same. My only complaint is the battery life which for continuous use is only about 2 hours.
tablet_zeepad|This Android Tablet is very nice quality but the battery life isn't very long at all. That is why I gave it a 3.
tablet_zeepad|Tablet works great but will not sign in to skype,same result after a factory reset.not sure whose at fault but my daughters not happy about it.We have other tablets on the same skype account and have no problems
tablet_zeepad|I'm very impressed with this tablet. It has some nice features and works very well. The only minus is the short battery life.
tablet_zeepad|Tablet seems solid, clean build quality. Very minimal built-in flash. As received was way less than 1gb user storage space available.Screen resolution is very pixelated for small text.Unit I received had poor wifi sensitivity - way less than expected, makes it very slow unless you are close to wifi router/ap.Seems sluggish, even with strong signal and fast Internet connection, it takes painfully long to load common pages like CNN or Yahoo. Insufficient RAM for Android 4.x. Really need 1gb RAM to run well, this may account for sluggish performance.
tablet_zeepad|I got this Zeepad for my boys for Christmas and they love it! They haven't stopped playing with it since!
tablet_zeepad|My first foray into tablets and I didnt want to spend a stupid amount of money, I dont need to know what everyone is doing every second of the day.This thing is quite nice - perfect easy to use, though some instruction booklet that you could read would have been helpful.Perfect for surfing - news - weather - reference - and yes facebook havent done movies, but have watched youtube on it and its quite good.
tablet_zeepad|This was a Christmas gift for my son and everyone has enjoyed the android. We are not techies but it was very easy to set up and use.
tablet_zeepad|ALTHOUGH I CAN'T SAY MUCH ABOUT THE EXPENSIVE TABLETS, NEVER OWNED ONE., I CAN'T SAY ENOUGH ABOUT THIS ONE.CAME IN A GOOD BOX, UNDAMAGED, PROTECTED WELL.CHARGED IT UP, TURNED IT ON, AND SO FAR SO GOOD.GREAT UNIT, LOTS OF FUN.JUST LIKE A GOOD BOOK, I CAN'T PUT IT DOWN.GOOD GRAPHICS, SPEED IS ABOUT WHAT I EXPECTED.BATTERY ONLY LASTS AN HOUR AND A HALF.NOT SURE WHERE THEY GET 3 HOURS, MAYBE IF YOU TURN IT ON AND DON'T USE IT, HAHABUT, SO WHAT, IT WAS $70.00AN ONE CAN USE IT WHILE IT CHARGES. SO NO PROBLEM.LOVE IT WILL BUT TWO MORE, SO MY KIDS( AND MY WIFE ) WON'T HAVE TO FIGHT OVER IT
tablet_zeepad|First, this took a while to get as it comes from China. Pay attention to the delivery date. It still came 10 days earlier than promised. I only mention this because I didn't pay attention and wondered when it would show up. Anyway I have an HP iPaq PDA that holds a lot of my day to day info and it is not getting younger. I don't want the data on my smartphone as I don't want it hacked. I need to replace the PDA before it dies. Looking at replacement costs was eye opening to say the least, 500 smackers. Forget about it. Then I thought, hey get a 7" tablet, bigger screen and lots of apps. I didn't want anything too expensive as it would be an offline one or two use device. I saw that the Zeepad had a lot of good reviews and got one. I've had it for several weeks and have punched a lot of data into it. It is slow and punching data in is time consuming as sometimes the character doesn't register. But for my purposes, I don't care as I will be inputting once and reading hundreds of times. As I said slow, you click and then wait 3 or 4 secs but I am a very patient person and it doesn't bother me that much, though I gave 4 stars because of it. The charger's plug to the tablet is longer than the socket on mine so it doesn't fit all the way in but it charges. Do not force the plug into socket or you may break it. One review says the prongs to the wall socket broke, I checked to see if mine were loose and I recommend you do the same. Bottom line, this is an $80 tablet not a $200 tablet and you have to expect it will not work the same. If you are looking for an all around excellent, fast 7" tablet get the Kindle Fire, if you need it for a one or two use device I recommend the ZeePad.
tablet_zeepad|I wanted a fully functional tablet that would allow me, wirelessly, to access the internet, check and write emails, and access files on computers on my home network - from anywhere in or around my home - at a price below $100. The Zeepad 7.0 cost me $81.95 - delivered, It does everything I wanted - flawlessly. The only reason I don't give it five stars is that it does not have a backward facing camera - so I can't can't scan documents. The front-facing camera works perfectly. So, in sum, I recommend it unreservedly - at the price.UPDATE:I have been using the Zeepad more often now and found that the built-in browser was somewhat slow - taking seconds to access main pages for sites such as CNN, NBC and BBC - and occasionally the browser froze. So, I installed Opera Mini for tablets (free) and found the increase in speed of access to web pages was dramatic. Access is now in less than a second, the formatting of the pages was changed to suit the Zeepad screen, the font size was automatically increased, scrolling is a breeze and all the stories and information are available. This free browser has, for me, significantly improved the capability of this budget tablet.
tablet_zeepad|I am very happy with this item. It is the perfect starter tablet or would be great for kids. Thanks
tablet_zeepad|So far it works great and it got here faster than it said it would,it took about a week and a half.Thanks
tablet_zeepad|I purchased this as a gift. No complaints at all. Very good product and fast delivery. Will look for this or similar products in the future.
tablet_zeepad|I bought this to use as a toy, basically. I didn't need it to do much, so in that aspect it's pretty good. If you need a high-end tablet, this is not it. It freezes on me sometimes and the touch screen is quirky. The camera is surprisingly sharp and the vertical width is such that I can hold it with both hands and type using my thumbs like on my HTC Evo. I give it 4 stars b/c it's a fun toy, but it's just that...a toy.
tablet_zeepad|I got this for my 15 year old daughter for Christmas, and she was taking very good care of it, but within one day of use her buttons for the power and the volume broke and fell out of the tablet. We could not turn it on anymore or use it at all. I have sent it back for them to fix or return my money. Made SO CHEAP!!
tablet_zeepad|I purchased this tablet ONLY to play music, the plan was to post it on the wall in our office where we do a lot of work as our phone just was not cutting it. The packaging screams cheap but that's to be expected with an 80.00 tablet. what was not expected was the inability to play music, it does play... 60 seconds after you click a button in Google Music and once it's started you cannot stop it for another 60 seconds, the point is this is ridiculously slow, even after removing everything installed on it. Displaying album art is non existent as well as even the song names. if you click out to look at another album, you better go brew a coffee and take a shower, it might be ready when you get back. This was not a symptom of Google's app either as all the other music players I tried had the same issues.On top of that turning it on and off is a problem, after it goes into sleep you have to hold the button for 30-60 seconds for it to reboot, it will not turn back on after it shuts down the screen like all other tablets do. I read some of the reviews and unless I got a bum tablet I cannot see how anyone can get this to work properly, there is no way anyone can function by clicking a button and waiting 30 seconds for something to happen.Try it, think "click" in your head and then count to 30. that's how long it takes to respond when an app is open.I cannot say how it plays games but if a simple MP3 is any indication this is not worth 8 dollars let alone 80.I would not give this item to my worst enemy... or wait, maybe I would...We should have sent Osama a few of these in 2001, we'd have found him in the same cave still trying to power it on.Update 01/20/2013: after looking at this thing siting in the box waiting for the return I decided to try one thing, I forgot that I did not erase my google credentials so I opened it and did a "reset".Oddly enough, now the thing is snappy enough to play the music and show albums and turn on and off properly, not sure what did it and it doesn't change my rating but it now works for my purpose So if you get a sluggish unit, try resetting it in the settings of the device.
tablet_zeepad|We ordered two of these as Christmas presents for our kids. One came with a power button that was almost recessed into the unit. However it still worked so we kept it. That didn't last long and within a week or so of Christmas you could not turn the unit on at all. We couldn't even turn it on to erase all the stored passwords to skype or Netflix etc. We returned the unit. My daughter's was still functioning well so we were planning on re-ordering another one for my son. Thankfully we didn't because my daughter turned her's on yesterday morning and the tablet and reverted back to factory settings. None of the games or other apps she had downloaded were on the tablet. Needless to say I am returning it also. If these tablets function properly they would be fantastic!
tablet_zeepad|This was a Christmas gift for my 7 year old son. We charged it an played with it a little on Christmas Eve, and we were amazed how well it performed. I had thoroughly read the reviews, so I had high expectations, however, this blew them out of the water. Since it is only $70, and some people will have a hard time seeing past that to what is actually an awesome product, I will tell you the feature that I felt was lacking. To be fair, I have only used the camera one time, but the picture wasn't as great as on my phone (which takes incredible pics) or my husband's iPad, however, for a 7 year old, the pic was great. I am seriously impressed with this device, especially for a young person who isn't going to be doing too much other than playing games, and I strongly encourage this purchase, even if the price makes you leery. I would have paid more for this and still been just as happy!
tablet_zeepad|I bought 3 of these for Christmas presents for my kids, 14, 12, and 10.They wanted a tablet of their own, and I wanted them to stop hogging my ASUS 32 gig tab; especially since they have already broken it once (Thank goodness for extended warranties from Best Buy). I was a little skeptical because I bought my other son a knock off brand tablet last year and it was literally a piece of crap straight out of the box, but these tablets seem to be exactly what I was looking for the kids. They can play all of their games and download them from the play store. They can watch netflix, and even skype one another from their rooms, which they have already done. (Weird!) I hope it stands the test of time...at least a year would be nice.
tablet_zeepad|We ordered two of these for the kids. They both work fine. Download of Apps is easy and the apps it comes with are very cool and all work.Reviews mentioned batery issues, some things we noticed and settings we changed that helped extend the battery run time considerably are as follows: When you first get the Zeepad the instructions say to charge them for six hours before the first use. Make sure and do that but when you connect the charger the plug that goes into the tablet will not go all the way in until the plug dissapears into the charger input so don't try to force it all the way in. When it &#34;clicks&#34; it's in as far as it can go. There will be a little of the silver part of the plug still visible that does not go into the tablet charger port. If you force it you might damage the unit. After the first charge the instructions say charge for only 4hours. Do not overcharge and it would be good to set a timer so that you don't over charge the battery. The battery it comes with can be charged and discharged over 2 thousand times but it does not like to be over charged. Also don't not store the unit with a 100% charge for long periods of time, these new batteries like to be stored with 50-40% power only. If they are left to sit for a long time with 100% charge it can damage the structure of the batteries. Rune time: The main killer of the battery run time is, the screen brightness. Lower it as the screen is super bright and at only 7 inches they cannot build it with a very large battery. Leaving the screen on the super bright setting eats the batteries pretty quickly. The next big juice hog is the wifi. If yu are not going to be downloading apps, surfing or sending e-mails turn on airplane mode which turns off wiifi. Leaving the wifi on all the time keeps the table searching for the wifi signal and commnicating back and forth with the source and that eats the battery. Once you set it up and are using game apps ( what most kids do ) you dont need the wifi for them while they play apps anyway. If you do these two things the battery should last a bit over 2-2-1/2 hours on a 4 hour charge. Not bad. I wont get into the tech aspects as others have covered that pretty well in other reviews but considering these cost a lot less than other brands the main thing I was concerned with was, if it actually did what they were supposed to do. They both have worked fine and side by side to a samsung galaxy they donwloaded apps at just about the same speed as any other andriod tablet or i phone. The build quality is pretty good considrng the price. If you are looking for some &#34;special ops&#34; military grade hardware this is not the unit for you but if you need something to use daily under normal conditions these are pretty nice. The tablets are impressive and are worth the money. They come from overseas so shipping is not super fast. If you need them for a birthday order with plenty of time to give them a chance to ship from the factory. If something goes wrong I will update this review but so far, these little tablets has been a very good purchase and the kids love them. Hope this info helps, The battery is not an issue but I addressed that more as most of the negative reviews had to do with them and that was the main thing I worried about when I ordered them. Happy to say the batteries have not been an issue so far. Very nice, congratulations to the company that makes them it looks like you have a nice product here that delivers a good product at a very good price !
tablet_zeepad|My ten year old saved his allowance for a tablet and chose this one, primarily because unlike most cheap off-brand tablets, it includes Google Play.We also own a 1st-gen Kindle Fire and this compares favorably. It's roughly the same speed, but running Android 4.0 instead of the modified 2.3 on the Fire makes it a much better experience.I foresee the 4GB internal storage becoming too small eventually, but since it supports adding storage with a card, I'm okay with this. Especially from my son's perspective, better to get the price down as low as possible to start with, and allow expanding it later.The one complaint I have is that it comes with a proprietary charging cable. (It also comes with a USB cable, but I assume that is only for transferring files.)We were pleasantly surprised to find an included stylus in the box. To be honest, I'm not sure what art programs we should look for to take advantage of this, but it was a nice bonus.All in all, for the price this is a great value.
tablet_zeepad|I got the tablet with the expectation of it as being BRAND NEW out the box, but instead it was slightly used, with some scratches on the screen. It appeared to have had some previous settings on it which I had to adjust. It also in the beginnning had problems with wifi connection. its still not picking up good when I leave the house. Overall, it's an okay tab, a bit slow with some of the connections like netflix and it freezes up sometimes. My opinion is to invest in a Brand you can trust. I got this for my grand daughter. Good for gaming. I got myself a Kindle Fire, which I throughly ENJOY!!!!!! My grand daughter wants to switch and always is getting mine to watch netflix and to go online for stuff like Disney.
tablet_zeepad|I can use this device for less than 30 minutes before needs charging -completely useless !!! Device is sluggish -speaker is bad
tablet_zeepad|This item was new and did not work correctly...and to send back it was crazy it took about 8 weeks to get my money back........
tablet_zeepad|No appropriate information is available to set the tablet up when you receive it. What few directions are sent in the package must be read with a magnifying glass. We will have to spend hours on my PC at home searching ways in which to bring this tablet to its supposed ability of use.
tablet_zeepad|Bought two of these for my twins:First Issue: a prong broke off of the wall power cord IN THE WALL... thank God my 4 year old didn't try to take it out on his own. Second Issue: Other twin's power cord came bent and doesn't work.Third Issue: After contacting Amazon and finding that there was no contact phone number for distributor, I got a new Zeepad in the mail. THIS power cord doesn't even fit into the device, therefore rendering that power cord useless....LAST and FINAL: Resorted to the USB port to plug into the computer. Son brought USB to show me....missing the metal part that goes around the prongs that go into the computer. The metal that protects these prongs was still stuck into the USB port of my computer.The device itself is fine....IF YOU CAN GET IT CHARGED!
tablet_zeepad|Have not received yet. I can't wati to see how it works and am hopeful that it is everything I thought it would be
tablet_zeepad|Awesome product for the price! She was able to download all her favorite apps without any issues. All in all, it is an excellent product.
tablet_zeepad|My son is 5... he LOVES to play video games on my cell phone. Well... he did not need an expensive ipad at 5 years old so I got him the Zeepad and downloaded all his favorite games. Set the restrictions to downloaded content at its highest level and whalla!!! He is in hog heaven! AND I've got my cell phone back! Loooove it!!! ;-)
tablet_zeepad|This was a Christmas gift for our son. He loves it. He uses it all the time.He even takes it to school and because it was so affordable we don't worry about him losing it. Nice screen.
tablet_zeepad|Was a bit Leary, Thanks for delivering just what I ordered. Very impressed and will buy again. I will surely refer you to all my friends!
tablet_zeepad|signed her right up for skype so she could keep in touch with friend that moved to Wash. state. good buy
tablet_zeepad|I just got it an hour ago, everything is ok and works great but the keyboard lags a little bit but overall it is fantastic for the price
tablet_zeepad|The tablet worked surprisingly well for watching Netflix and playing games. However after 10 days mine stopped charging I am not sure why?
tablet_zeepad|This little tablet is an outstanding starter tablet for both adults and children. Its biggest advantage is that it comes rooted from the factory. With a fast SD card (Class 6 or better), it runs full screen, full motion, video without even straining and it's compatible with Kindle. Granted, the camera isn't the greatest but, hey, look at the price and move on. The WiFi connection is rock steady and this tablet can also be set up as a Wireless Hot Spot. Audio Quality is outstanding and it even has a rudimentary Graphic Equalizer, along with sound FX, included. Obviously, the video quality isn't what an iPad or one of the more expensive Android tablets would offer but, again, look at the price and move on. It's good enough that only a comparison with something a LOT better will show its shortcomings. You can set up one of three different kinds of start-up security but be warned: If you password protect this tablet you MUST use a USB keyboard to log on. Otherwise, you won't get in.There are a few small, (to me at least), problems with this tablet:1) I originally purchased this tablet from Sears and those, (I purchased two for my grands), had the Adobe Reader, Skype, Netflix, Angry Birds, Fruit Ninja, Flipit, and Solitaire preloaded but this one did not. Apparently, this is a slightly different, (read: Newer), version of this tablet and that accounts for the difference in available out-of-the-box apps. That's not a con for me personally, but for those of you who buy a tablet for any of the above, be aware that you'll have to download all those apps.2) The viewing angles are actually pretty good EXCEPT....If you tilt the top of the tablet too far back, you will get what amounts to a negative image. The other viewing angles are about what you would expect with a flat screen. If you, as I did, buy this tablet with one of the keyboard cases that have the "kickstand" on the back, you won't have to worry about this problem except when using the tablet in Portrait position.3) The specs say it has 4Gb of internal storage but unless there is something here that I'm not aware of, this tablet has only 2.5Gb of actual, usable, internal storage. For me, that's no big deal because I'll be using it mostly as a reader for Kindle books. For someone who wants to load a bunch of apps and games, be aware: There is not as much internal storage space as you think there is. On the upside, the tablet will accept up to a 32Gb Micro SDHC card and you can also plug in a USB Flash Drive so storage space, (except for apps which just don't play well unless installed to the primary "hard drive"), is not really an issue.4) I'm not sure if this is really a con but I need to mention it. The battery life seems to be a bit short. I've gone from 100% to about 20% in a couple of hours of intense surfing. That said, I've also watched a 2+ hour movie with no problem at all, so it could just be me. On a brighter note, Comodo has a free battery saver app that's worth its weight in gold. So far, I've seen a 2x increase in battery life after installing that app.5) This tablet is woefully short on documentation. The included manual is nothing more than a Quick Start guide and there is a shortage of any kind of technical information about this tablet on the Net. After a bit of searching I found the manufacturer's web page, [...], but there is very little useful info there. Again, this is not a con for me personally, I do computers for a living, but the average user needs to be aware that if you buy this tablet, you'll need to do your own problem solving because there is very little in the way of help from the manufacturer.I put this tablet through rigorous testing over a period of a month. I did everything I could to it, short of actually "Bricking" it, (or throwing it against a wall), to see how much it could take and how well it performed. I actually got it to freeze but a quick Google session, (Hold the power button and the volume up button at the same time until the tablet shuts off [About 5 seconds]. Press and hold the power button as instructed in the manual to turn the tablet on and you're back in business), produced a solution to that problem. I can truthfully say that this tablet is built like a Timex. The Boomers who read that last will understand exactly what I mean by that and why, as a result, I'm giving this tablet a 5 star rating.I bought two of these as birthday presents for my grands and I liked them so much that I got one for me and will buy at least two more for two more of my grands. They come with everything you need, (USB OTG adapter, USB Data Cable, Stylus, Earphones, Screen protector, and Charger), and they can be used with a USB Keyboard/Mouse. You could even attach a USB Mini-Hub if you'd like. This particular version also solved the problem of the shaky charger connection and even included better quality, noise cancelling, in canal earphones.Bottom Line: If you're a fan of Great Performance to Price Ratio and you're looking to break into the world of tablets, without breaking the bank, you want this tablet. Just Buy It. You WON'T be sorry.
tablet_zeepad|I cannot tell you how extremely happy I am with this tablet. Some of the comments on Amazon had me so concerned about this tablet that I had asked to return it before I even opened it. After the seller assured me that they would accept this tablet back, I felt guilty for not giving it a try. When i first opened and saw it, I was impressed. It is so streamlined, it is beautiful. It is so intuitive. If you have ever used a computer before, using this tablet will be a breeze. I have only had this tablet for a week, but I am in love with it. The time was preset to China time, but I touched on (selected) Settings (the three little lines on the bottom right of the screen just above the time). Then I went to System (scroll down) and clicked on Date and Time. Click on both Automatic Date and Time and Automaic Time Zone to turn them off. Then click on Select Time Zone to chose your time zone. Once this is done, Click on both Auomatic Date and Time and Automatic Time Zone to turn them back on. This will set the date and time according to your time zone. You will not have to adjust the time at all. I also was able to get all of the Google Apps that I wanted, once I got the time zone and time settings correct. And the selection of Google Apps are voluminous, and almost overwhelming. But you can search the Apps for the App you want. I was able to get Norton Utilities to protect from viruses, for free. I was even albe to download an App to do my banking with Chase Bank on this tablet, again free. I have downloaded the Pandora App (again free). Talking about impressive. The sound is great, especially with the headphone attachment included. Enjoying Pandora itself is enought to be impressed with this tablet alone. f you have a cell phone, you can use the Google Phone App (free)to receive and make all your phone calls on this tablet. Google Phone even transcribes your conversations so you can have a hard copy of what was said. Skype App (free) is also included. You can make video phone calls once yuo download the software and purchase a Skype phone number. And all of this works. It comes with an attachment that allows you to connect directly to USB hardware. I have not tried it yet, but I can only imagine the number of hardware that I will attach to this tablet, including external speakers with an external power supply, my full keyboard, a USB hub so I connect more than one piece of hardware at a time (again with an external power supply), my mouse, and even an external hard-drive with its own power supply. And when I want to just carry the tablet with me, I can disconnect all of this hardware and have all the computing power I need for most of my applications. When I tell you this tablet is awesome, it is truly awesome. I can do everything on it that I would do on a regular computer, laptop or stand-up. I must say that the processing speed will not be as fast as a laptop or stand-up, but I have not used any applications where I noticed the speed to be a problem, not yet!! I am even thinking of attaching a second external wireless adapter to extend the range of the Wi-Fi. Talking about a great computer, this is a great computer. Who would expect to able to do all of this with a tablet. I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a compact computer. that is easy to carry yet powerful enough to do most of your computing needs. It is extremely powerful, and the screen resolution and icons are beautiful. I would give it 10 stars if I could. A great buy. My best buy on Amazon since I started shopping on Amazon over 10 years ago. And the price is more than reasonable. I think anyone who takes the time to learn to use this tablet will be just as impressed with it as I am. Cudos, Marvelous, Wonderbar, Fanterrific, Wondermous, Fantabulous, Excellentaprimo, and so many other adjectives that cannot come close to how impressed I am with this tablet. A definite jewel in the rough!!! I will write a follow up in the future to let you know if all of these external attachments will work. But I don't see why they wouldn't. Again, like I said, an extremely impressive tablet and an awesome buy!!!
tablet_zeepad|I purchased 3 of these for my kids. Despite most of the negative comments about it not lasting long and the chargers not working properly and it freezes. My kids love it. Until..... they all stopped working one by one. The chargers never worked so we used some universal chargers we already had. Turns out that all those negative comments were true. 3 happy faces ended up sad. A waste of money. We purchased in mid Jan. 2013 and here it is march and they don't work. TICKED OFF!!!!!!!!!!!
tablet_zeepad|Purchased product for my kids and I love it. My husband and I have the Samsung Galaxy 10.1 so we were looking for something very similar but smaller for the kids. This is the closest by far to the high end tablets for a great price. I love how it runs off the play store, many we have looked at were Android but they ran off of the "get jar" market and didn't have much like the play store does. I recommend this product to everyone looking for and affordable tablet.
tablet_zeepad|This is one of the best buys i have gotten. I mean I got this for 70 bucks including shipping and it works like a dream. No lag well maybe sometimes while searching stuff but other then i have not found anything wrong with this tablet. Shadowgun runs surprisingly well and Dead trigger runs really good. One more thing if found that was wrong with it was Temple run because i could not move the guy by turning the tablet. And the package arrived exactly on time. Couldn't of asked more for a tablet of this cost.
tablet_zeepad|***UPDATED*** See below original review***I just bought this for my son for Christmas and it came in the mail today. It has an expandable micro sd card slot (TF)and most people will probably need it. (Keep reading) I bought this one: SanDisk microSDHC 8GB Class 2 Card with SD Adapter (SDSDQ-8192). I've always found Sandisk to be pretty reliable. The onboard memory states 4 gb but the available memory was about 1gb so keep that in mind if it's important to you. Memory cards are dirt cheap and can easily get you where you want cheaper than going the "other" route.I took the pad out to play with it some. It comes installed with Angry Birds, Netflix, Facebook, Fruit Ninja, Play Store, Adobe flash player and of course your regular items (wallpaper, camera, clock widget, browser, wifi, etc.)Some have said the packaging had a knockoff look. A better choice of words would be that it has "generic" packaging. It's not a ripoff or knockoff which connotes images of backstreet deals from some guys trunk. That's not a fair assessment of this product. The instruction booklet is admittedly small but who needs an instruction booklet to run a tablet?My only concerns are that it withstands the test of time and the 10 year old. It seems well built. (One minor design flaw is the screen and the outer frame aren't flush with each other so there is a gap. It will definitely collect dirt and be hard to get out.) Not a deciding factor but I can see it getting on my OCD nerves. The camera is also average at best but I never understood why people needed a great camera for a tablet. (Is a tablet really going to be your go to camera for things like vacation?)We bought this for our 10 yr old son. As such I think it's important for people to understand what this tablet competes with. It would be a mistake to compare this to the iPad for both good and bad reasons.It isn't in competition with the iPad but rather the iPod touch. We went with this instead of the iTouch and saved a lot of $. It was $69 for a 4gb Android tablet (expandable to 32) vs. $199 for a 16gb iTouch (not expandable.)I think we made the right choice and I think he will like it. Good luck everyone. Be smart.I will update this review after Christmas when the tablet sees regular daily use.****UPDATE***It's always good to come back and reevaluate a product after the newness has worn off and you can think more objectively. My overall feeling on the tablet hasn't changed much. I would still recommend it to the target audience that I mentioned above. Again, if you are looking for a backup to your laptop or an alternative to an iPad, this probably isn't for you. But for those who have read the description and know what you're getting, this will still be a great product.Here are my impressions over the past week of regular use:Screen: I start with the screen because at first I was turned off by the screen. It is more of a durable plastic. However when I go to my Galaxy tablet and come back to it I am glad for the build and glad that my kids have the Zeepad. It's perfect for them.As such you should know though that it will probably show marks. I'm fine with that. After all it comes with a stylus. The screen protector that comes with it is lacking and we have been looking (unsuccessfully for some that will fit it). Screen protectors for a 7" tablet Do NOT fit the Zeepad. It is slightly smaller than 7" so keep that in mind. Also finding a case has been a bit challenging. Universal cases that hold the corners cause it rub against the power button (which may be a design flaw). Nevertheless none of these things would cause me to fret.While I am glad that the screen is durable, others may be turned off of it if they are used to the high glossy, colorful screens. The Zeepad will look dull in comparison but again who are you buying it for?One other issue that has given me pause is the wifi. It works great but it can be quirky at times. One time it was turned off and after selecting on it would immediately turn off again. It would continue to do this until we finally shut it down. After a little while it worked fine. Maybe this was a one time thing. It happens. Also the clock constantly reverts itself to January 1, 1970. I don't know the significance of that date (LOL) but I finally solved this by checking the setting to sync the clock with the network when connected to wifi. Again, maybe this is an isolated event.The battery: I would take off a 1/2 star for the screen build and another 1/2 star for the battery. It definitely doesn't seem to last long but kids do forget to charge things. If you travel a lot this could be an issue for you. You might get a converter to get around this. (Finding a car charger might be difficult. The AC power cord is of the small, round variety.)One last thing: the memory. I said in my original review that the memory issue (comes stock with around 1GB available) could be worked around with a memory card. That is still technically true but in reality it has proven a little more difficult to run apps solely from the memory card. This could be an Android limitation as I am still new to the Android ecosystem. There is an app called App to SD which has made it a little more simpler but I am still not sure that it frees much space on the tablet. There are simply some games that you won't be able to play on this tablet. (So far it seems to be the racing games: Need for Speed, Asphalt, etc.) These use a lot of memory.While it may seem that I have changed my mind on this tablet because of these comments, in reality I haven't. I still consider it a good purchase and the proof of that is the recipient still enjoys it and loves it. However I wanted to be thorough for those who were still thinking of purchasing. All things considered I would still rate this a solid 4 star product and worth the risk if you understand who the target audience is and should be and also temper your expectations in regards to other similar products.PS - Just FYI. A lot of people are leaving negative reviews on this product because of shipping issues. Please read the reviews and find out if this product is for you. I am sad that others had shipping problems. Ours arrived in good time, from West coast to East coast during Christmas rush. Research the seller. There are probably some drop shippers used by Amazon that have nothing to do with the company that makes them. I have seen 2 or 3 different sellers to these.Hope this helps.**BATTERY UPDATE**Some users have experienced issues with the battery. I have monitored this with my son and we have come to the conclusion that the battery life is approximately 2-3 hours. It seems to be about 2.5 hours on average. This is basically Minecraft (which is all he plays) and nothing else. We have monitored it with low power usage apps and received about the same results. In short, you would be fortunate to get over 3 assuming all tablets are the same and this is the norm for these batteries.There was also an issue with the charger. It sometimes prefers certain outlets. Some outlets won't charge it correctly. I am assuming this is an adapter issue since we live in the USA. The adapter seems generic and I am currently trying to find a backup just in case.This still doesn't change much from my initial review but I wanted to keep the review updated. I always appreciated it when people would continue to be open minded toward their products and let others know how it was going.The battery issue may be disappointing to some but as I said above, it really all depends on who you're buying it for. My son has learned to work around it by keeping it charged and in all honesty kids need limits anyway. Long car trips could pose a problem but a converter would do the trick.
tablet_zeepad|At first I had my doubts about purchasing this product. But I'm certainly glad I took the risk. Considering I wanted this device mostly as an e-reader, the tablet would be worth the price even if all it i did was respond to touch and read PDF's. But it does a lot more. The right thing to do is to not have high expectations. I mean, after all, it's incredibly inexpensive. But I am honestly surprised as to how functional this tablet is.I'll start by listing the cons to get them out the way:-Ports and jacks quality: poor(Some of the physical ports, like the AC and micro USB may not align perfectly. You may need to push hard.)-UI virtual movement response: seldom slight lag.(The UI response lag is slightly noticeable at times, but not significant. Most of the time it responds very well, you have to be very picky to care for a few hundred milliseconds)-Bluetooth: None-Technical Support: Poor/Non-existentNow for the Pros:-Android 4.0 : Excellent OS & UI-Rooted!: Root access enabled(You'll be able to install apps that require root access)-Graphic processing: Impressive(I was able to play Raging Thunder 2, Angry birds Starwars, and some other demanding games without any lag)-G-Sensor: Yes-Display and touch response: Good(The display is much better than others have described it. The touch response is on point)-Micro USB OTG: Allows you to plugin many common USB devices (have tried Flash drives, Mice, Keyboards)-Included Bonus: Ear buds, Micro USB to OTG cable, Screen protector(perfect fit), USB to PC cable, Tablet Pen.Other observations & comments:-The device comes with a proprietary charger, which I thought was kinda lame, until I discovered you can also charge the device using any Micro-USB charger (Recommended use: 5v - 2A).-No micro HDMI (Oh well)-Google Voice recognition works great at a fair distance.-Running: ES File Explorer with LAN file management - Good, Android VNC client - Good, Fling - Good, Google Play - No limitations, SuperUser - Good, ConnectBot - Good, AutoKiller - Good, Terminal Emulator - Good, Tasker - Limited.
tablet_zeepad|I wanted to get my son a mini tablet so he could play games instead of always using my phone but didn't want to spend alot of money, considering he's only 8. He can skype my sister in AZ., he listens to music on Youtube and sends emails to EVEYONE. I ordered it right before Christmas and got a great deal. I am ordering another for my 4 y.o. I would recommend this product. You get the ear buds, a pen, etc. It keeps my guys busy and my phone free. Yes, buy this!
tablet_zeepad|So I was kinda skeptical at first, how good of a tablet can you really get for $80? I was pleasantly surprised though. This little tablet is very responsive, the build quality is pretty good, and it even has expandable memory (which my more expensive tablet does not). I bought this as a xmas gift for my girlfriend and overall I'm really happy with it. My only real gripe with it is the screen, but for the price I can't complain. There's no dead pixels or anything, you can kinda just tell the screen is cheap based on viewing angles and quality of images. It's really not that bad though and again, for $80 what do you expect. I especially like the size of this device. It's nice and compact and fits easily in my sweatshirt pocket but yet it's still big enough to where you can set it down and watch something on it. I definitely think it's worth it and it should be able to do everything my girlfriend should need to do on a tablet - surfing the web, Youtube, watching movies, listening to music, reading books, etc. I'd definitely recommend this tablet.
tablet_zeepad|This tablet is a very basic day to day machine. It is not fancy, not top of the line. It has a low quality feel to it, however, do not be fooled. This is a very good tablet to do your daily things, without having the fear to break your $200-$500 tablet.Let me mention some of the pros and cons of this machine, and this is my personal observation.Pros:For the price, it is pretty rugged and well made, you won't break it easily (but do not test it :-))It has Google Play apps, which is important.It is not large, can fit into a large pocket, or holder.Battery life is considerably long and that makes it great for travel.Easy to touch by finger and price is very affordable.Cons:The volume does not go to levels that you could hear some stations, prepare to use headphones in some cases.No GPS is installed in this machine, map directions cannot be used on road.App pages are limited, but it still isn't bad.Camera quality is very basic. Do not expect to have high quality pics.Overall, I am very happy with this tablet so far. It is an affordable machine, and you get what you pay for. I also have a Samsung S2 which is much higher in quality on all levels. But hey, this is a machine that if you break, it won't break your heart with it. It is pretty rugged, as I said.
tablet_zeepad|I purchased this tab for my mother as a Xmas gift. She is not tech savy at all so I didnt want to spend much on all the bells and whistles. Also knowing she would mainly use it for pictures, music, and to play solitaire. That being said, I LOVE THIS TAB!!! It was soooo much better than I expected. I dont even think I realized it had so many features. Since showing my sister, she wants one for herself! 7" Zeepad 7.0 Allwinnwer A13 Boxchip Cortex A8 Android 4.0, 4GB Capacity, 512 MB RAM, Multiple Touch Capactive screen, WIFI, Camera, Skype Video Calling, Netflix Movies. Sure its not as fast as an iPad, 0_o I also didnt pay $500 for it. But it does everything I need it to do plus more.(Netflix,Skype,eBooks,& PlayStore) The volume isnt much without headphones but so far the screen is responsive and had no problems connecting to wifi. I will try and remember to do another review once she's experienced it.
tablet_zeepad|Zeepad 7 inch Tablet in BlackI purchased 2 on 12/14/12 for my niece (8 yrs) and nephew (10 yrs) - pink and black - $70 each. I had issues with the seller also - left feedback on them specifically, not on the product review.Arrived new with screen protector, USB adapter, charger, pen stylet, and ear buds. Everything is as described above. It has the many apps already installed, so it is ready to use after charging. Also has Google Play installed. Easy access to all the games, apps, books, etc. It was very sensitive to WiFi. No issues with getting a signal and keeping it connected.It is the best $70 for a tablet computer. My husband is thinking of the 9 in model. I would recommend getting a case/cover and an 8 or 16 GB micro SD for additional memory. ***Remember this tablet is not specific for any age of user. If you give it to a minor/child, please adjust the internet settings, etc or monitor the device appropriately. And please discuss internet and email safety with those children.I would definately recommend this product.
tablet_zeepad|We had experience with the kindle fire and kinda knew what to expect. We had a young person who wanted one of these. I did not want to buy a kindle and have it linked to my account, also the receiver did not have an Amazon account, so I went for the generic android pad.It is actually built much better than expected, for the price. I was pleasantly surprised! We wanted one that could access the play store, and not a limited, proprietary app store. This met the ticket.Forget about the instructions. They are nearly useless, but it is and android operating system, and nothing that you cannot figure out, if you've ever used an android device. One pointer, is to fully charge it before first use, it will keep you from thinking that it arrived dead.;) I thought we had a DOA until charging it overnight, and ta da, it worked just fine.
tablet_zeepad|I bought as a gift for my high school daughter. She loves it because it is small and easy to use. I did buy additional memory. We haven't downloaded movies yet.
tablet_zeepad|Not having much experience with Tablets I was surprised by the amount of apps and our ability to navigate on this product. I am seriously thinking about getting one for myself. I would recommend this product to others.
tablet_zeepad|Mine is broken already and I didn't get a week to enjoy it.I got it as an extra child-entertainment thing for a flight. I was amazed it supported all the android apps I knew from my phone and performed really well (maybe battery life could be better...). But few days later, while sitting on the plane, I discovered the screen was shattered. If you were spoiled by &#34;gorilla glass&#34; to believe tablets are indestructible, this one will remind you that glass can break and scratch. So don't buy it and leave the case and screen protector for later... Personally, I discovered that my Nook tablet version has a free android hack and now I'm back to using it. But I miss the camera and skype...
tablet_zeepad|I purchased this Tablet primarily to read on. It is a great tablet to read on. I only wished that I had purchased a tablet locally. The only way my Zeepad will charge is via the usb. It will not charge from the outlet, only by PC. Battery life is not very long either. After about two hours of reading its time to charge.
tablet_zeepad|It was a present for a very special person in my life and in her words it is really AWESOME!
tablet_zeepad|After some issues with the intial start up, I had to reboot the system twince and since then, no issues so far. I had contacted the vendor Goodios and they were very responsive and even sent a new charger when the provided one proved to be defective. Surprised at how nice the tablet is for the price....no issues with Google Play and YouTube vids work very well.
tablet_zeepad|Brought this for my dad as a christmas gift. It arrived earlier then it said it would so that was a plus but, there are two issues I have with it:*It didn't seem brand new, it did not have heavy scratches or anything it just did not look like a brand new product when I opened the box*Sometimes when flipping through the applications the screen freezes or does the complete opposite and slides from screen to screen on its own(this is happening right out the box.)Besides those two things this a pretty good products for $70. I am going to send it back for a replacement(random freezing screen issue) because I already know when a product acts silly in the beginning it is only going to get worst.Who this product would be good for: Younger students 12-16Older people usually ones who are suffering from cultural lag (thats why I brought this for my dad)People on a budget. Like I said earlier it is a good tablet, good wifi reception, and it comes with PLAYSTORE.
tablet_zeepad|Great for my 13 year old son. Does what he wants for such a better price than some of the other tablets.
tablet_zeepad|Kids love it. Good starter tablet. Only problem is it freezes a lot and your have to restart. But for the money its been a big hit.
tablet_zeepad|It works pretty well and for what I paid, so I can't complain much.Battery power isn't great.. expect about 45 minutes if watching a movie. No problems when keeping it plugged in.My only criticism is responsiveness. Pretty much any icon I click on, I have to wait about 3-5 seconds for response. Since this was purchased as an extra tablet for my 2 toddlers (who like to fight over the ipad to watch netflix at bed time), I've had a time trying to convince them to be patient and wait more (the iPad is obviously instant). This, in itself, isn't too terrible.. but if the buttons get pushed too many times while &#34;waiting&#34;, the unit has to be rebooted to work. It just gets stuck.That said.. if you're patient, it performs as it should. Apps take a while to load too... and then respond well.
tablet_zeepad|I purchased this tablet for my son and he is enjoying it. It has all the features and functions that he wanted.
tablet_zeepad|It is as I expected. It is my first experience with a tablet and I have nothing to complain. Internet works, the battery lasts long enough, everything is conveniently arranged. It took me some time to realize that you cannot us the device when it is charging.
tablet_zeepad|Used for about a week by my children of 5 and 7. Hope these tablets continue working well! The only issue with the 2 tablets received is the quality of video calling by using Skype (better to turn off the video and just talk).
tablet_zeepad|The kids loved thier new tablets, easy to operate, and very durable, we had purchased 2 other tablets that lasted 2 weeks.
tablet_zeepad|used it for a few months and enjoyed but it but something happened with the power cell and now its just a big old paper weight. now i have to get it fixed..
tablet_zeepad|Hello, This product is good for basic internet search and e-mailing. I was hoping to use it to watch YouTube videos and listen to Pandora radio while traveling without having to have my laptop with me. It was very hard to control the volume as it would constantly go to zooming instead, disappointed, I chose to return the item, paid $11 shipping and they charge 15 percent restocking fee.
tablet_zeepad|Muy responsable , productos llegaron a tiempo y en buen estado.. recomiendo abiertamente. . . . . . . .
tablet_zeepad|Great deal for a tablet. Works good and great apps on the android store. I like everything about it and am 100% satisfied
tablet_zeepad|I consider it money well spent, it is very easy to take it with me everywhere I go. great buy
tablet_zeepad|This small pad is easy to use and light weight. My daughter who is 10yrs old enjoys it the most.
tablet_zeepad|It came with everything in the box. It has a real nice picture. It is very fast for it's size. It was money well spent.Thank YouBill
tablet_zeepad|I originally purchased this tablet a few months ago and it was definitely worth the price. I purchased another one because of the quality of the product. It is defective. The USB port will not hold the charge at all. I would not purchase this again.
tablet_zeepad|I wanted to get something to do some e-book reading on but don't want a single use device like a Kindle. I never understood the whole Ipad thing, but now that I got this (and at a price that made it reasonable to get, not like buying another laptop) I am very impressed. Not the greatest screen, the fastest processor or anything. But I can read books, I can watch youTube, browse the internet, etc. and stick it in my pocket (a big coat pocket). Seems to work great after having it a week.
tablet_zeepad|I enjoy that this tablet runs on the android system. The android system is very user friendly. The tablet and its system overall is user friendly.
tablet_zeepad|This tablet was the right one for my son. It is perfert to start out with. He had no problems learning how to use it.
tablet_zeepad|I got two of these for my teenage boys 14 & 19 for a Christmas gift. Being as small and the awesome low price I was sort of nervous at first. Here we are over a month later and they continue to be their favorite gift. These tablets work great, the play store for aps is on there and picks up wifi with no problem. There hasn't been any crashes, malfuctions or any problems that I'm aware of. The only thing is I'm having trouble finding a cover for it but other than that I highly recommend this tablet and thinking of buying another for myself.
tablet_zeepad|I purchased it for less on the sears site a few weeks ago. I've only had the zeepad for a couple weeks so I'm not sure about reliability. So far, I'm very happy with the purchase. I wanted something simple to use for ebooks, occasional videos, web and email use. I downloaded the Kindle App and it works flawlessly. The capacitive touch screen is much better than the cheap Archos tablet I had (which quit after a year). I watched part of a netflix video on the zeepad and it ran well, but the dark scenes didn't show up well due to low contrast. All other applications I've run were plenty colorful and vibrant. The processing speed seems better than other cheap tablets. One little quirk, but so far I haven't been able to keep the time consistently accurate. It goes back to some factory programmed time zone (maybe China). The battery doesn't seem to last more than 2-3 hours with constant average use. Also, the actual screen size is a little smaller than most 7" tablets but not so much it matters. The unit does resemble a large GPS navigation system in looks (which doesn't matter to me). Overall, I am impressed with the quality of the tablet for the price. It's probably worth $100-$150 when compared to others I've tried.
tablet_zeepad|The tablet I received was not the same product I order!! Instead of my zeepad they sent me a Yeahpad!! It does not keep a charge!! I am so upset
tablet_zeepad|I bought this for my daughter for christmas. I wanted to buy something cheaper than the ipad but still plays movies, apps, music. She loves it. It came recommended on here. We love it!!!
tablet_zeepad|We are very pleased with what our zeepad can do. It meets our expectations and more. I was a little disappointed in how long it took to ship, but once the product got here it has been great.
tablet_zeepad|My 14 year old daughter got this for Christmas from my boyfriend & the product was great. She managed to break it though in less than two weeks by putting it in her over filled backpack so she bought herself (this) a replacement. Great product for the money!
tablet_zeepad|I loved the Zeepad, but it became defective after only two weeks. I returned this item on January 13th, and have not seen a response one way or another from engine 29. This is very unprofessional. I liked the Zeepad just fine, it was a great little tablet, I am however unhappy with Engine 29
tablet_zeepad|This is a good little tablet for the money and I will tell my friends.The only other thing is that it don't support google sound search?
tablet_zeepad|We got two Zeepads for our kids. We have a 5 year old boy and a 10 year old girl. Upon reading other reviews that these might be somewhat fragile, we have drilled into the kids that they need to be gentle with them. In general, these work just like a Droid smart phone and last a couple of hours before they need to be recharged. As we don't really want the kids playing games longer than this, we are fine with the batter life. The Google Play Store works just like on a smartphone and we have had no issues with this or using the wifi. I added a couple of leftover mini SD cards I had from old smart phones to increase the storage space for the kids.The only issues we have had with these tablets have all been in with either the original seller (not Goodios) or the quality control of the product. We originally ordered these 15 days before christmas to be from Santa. These never arrived, Amazon refunded our money and that company is no longer in business. Beware of the folks with the cheapest price. We then re-ordered these from Goodios who have been perfect in solving our problems. Our first set of these arrived and one of them was dead on arrival. It was quickly replaced with another that had a bad charger. We had a new charger within a couple of days and then found out the little USB connector was also defective. They sent us one of those and now everything works fine.We got the little USB keyboards that double as covers which work fine with one exception. When the Zeepad is in the case and the case is turned vertically the Zeepad can slip out of the little claws that hold it in. As these cases are all made the same I will put either double sided tape or some velcro on ours to keep this from happening.We really like these tablets and they kids have been using them up everyday when they get home from school for over a month. If Zeepad improved their quality control we would have had no issues with them at all. The 4 stars are because of this. But for the price we really can't complain much about that either.
tablet_zeepad|I would review this but I haven't even got it! Very disappointed with how long this has taken! Hard when my son keeps asking me when hus tablet will be here has taken weeks!
tablet_zeepad|My grandson loves it and it is working great ..and it came with everything .I bought the same one from another store and it didn't
tablet_zeepad|On the second day of use I had problems with its internal memory, not saves. And will not let me use my external memory, the registers but want to see a picture I can not.
tablet_zeepad|We did not want to spend $ for an expensive tablet for our eight year old son. But we wanted to give him his own tablet and allow him the opportunity to show responsibility for his own electronics. He his very pleased with this tablet and his perfect for his needs (he primarily has games and reads books on it).
tablet_zeepad|My step-daughter loves this tablet. She's been able to use it at school as well. I will probably end up getting this for my son soon.
tablet_zeepad|Purchased for my niece and she loves. Works as stated incredible value. would recommend to any one wanting a great tablet at a great price.
tablet_zeepad|speakers woould not work, and then it would lock up and couldnt get it to do anything.. sent it back and got a galaxy by samsung
tablet_zeepad|the instructions that came with trhe ZeePad were so sparse and written as an oriental would speak that having never used a pad before makes it hard for me to use....
tablet_zeepad|Gave this as a gift. It didnt work. Right out of the box. Embarrasing. Be sure to keep all the wrapping and reciept.
tablet_zeepad|I ordered this for my 5 year old. I didnt want to spend all the money on an expensive tablet since he is young. This tablet works great for all he does. Perfect!!!
tablet_zeepad|Very good for the price you pay.I recommend it. Very portable and very nice design.I recommend it for you.
tablet_zeepad|I have been happy with my tablet. I wished it would have come with a manual. I had to access internet to get information from other owners on specific issues. Other than this I have been very satisfied with it.
tablet_zeepad|I purchased for my wife to use as a digital frame and occasional internet tablet. Maybe netflix and some basic games for my kids. While its OK, its slow, freezes, screen is bad at any angle, and sometimes straight on. Generally its a little worse then I expected based on some reviews. Not expecting an ipad by any stretch, I had hoped it would exceed low expectations, it does not.Pros: price, light weightcons: everything else.And no I dont think I got a bad unit, I think you get what you pay for.
tablet_zeepad|The respond time is very very slow. It's like it locks up all the time . Looking to see if I can return it.
tablet_zeepad|Nothing I want to download there will work. Mostly when I ask to download it says app is incompatible with device.Very few of the apps I did download will actually work. A waste for me. Next time I'll spend $80 on lottery tickets.No charge indicator light, slow charge and about 2.5 hr out of a full charge which is just about useless.Web browsing very slow.It does bring back memories, playing most games, ones it CAN play, brings back my fondness of my PC Jr.JUNK!
tablet_zeepad|We ordered this for my 3 year old son, and so far it works great for him. It was a reasonable price, and it did exactly what we wanted it to do!
tablet_zeepad|Perfect gift for a preteen!! No none issue at this time! Slighly slow accessing the internet, but great for the age.
tablet_zeepad|The Z pad worked as advertised. You better know what your doing because the directions are totally poor. Written in pidgin English very difficult to read or understand!
tablet_zeepad|I like the ease it offers when taken to different places not being too bulky at all. Very easy to use and I like playing the &#34;Angry Birds&#34;.
tablet_zeepad|I wasn't expecting a lot for such a cheap tablet but in some ways I am still disappointed. My 800mhz phone is noticeably faster than the tablet, apps like pulse will force close constantly, battery life is poor, background processes have to be turned off or you'll wait forever for things to load and the viewing angles are &#34;odd&#34;. It is still usable for emulators and other apps if you are patient enough.
tablet_zeepad|This is the only tablet I have used. I was pleasantly surprised by how good it is. I loaded Opera Mini on it using wifi in town and now use my phone as a wifi hotspot and have the internet on the tablet with Opera Mini speeds. I also loaded a searchable Bible on it with no problem and it works great. This is all I use it for but it is good for my purposes. I live in the boonies and we don't have access to the things they have in town but this works well for me.
tablet_zeepad|My grandson's really enjoy this zeepad it has eerything and more that they need Colar is good and holds the charge.
tablet_zeepad|GREAT FOR GAMES AND YOU TUBE. A LOWER COST REPLACEMENT FOR AN IPAD FOR A 4 YR OLD. HE LOVES IT
tablet_zeepad|I bought it for my teenaged son. He seemed to like it at first. Then the touch screen sensor stopped working. At this point I don't see the value....I am disappointed in the quality of the Zeepad. Wish I had not bought it in December.
tablet_zeepad|If you want a tablet that is cheap and good for web browsing, then this will work for you. In regards to memory, you ARE NOT getting 4.0 GB. The tablet I received has only 1.1 GB available for usage. It is very cheap and feels as if it will break if dropped. Has a tendency to freeze up just with normal usage. I would not recommend purchasing this tablet. Spend an extra hundred dollars and buy a Kindle.
tablet_zeepad|I've never owned any sort of android before and the instructions were Translated by someone who did not know English. Therefore barely any help. I am still trying to figure out how to get my Yahoo calendar with my Gmail calendar I'm still trying to figure out how to download my books from Aldiko. i guess i have to Find someone to help me. I wish i could find a manual somewhere. It is frustrating.
tablet_zeepad|I am very please with the tablet , but charger item is not working , I have to use USB unit to charge it and seems the battery takes less charge that the only time the charger worked. I bought it for my wife and she is very happy because nobody ask for a computer in the house anymore ( I have 2 and 3 children) For stars rated because the charger but should be 5 stars
tablet_zeepad|I was very upset when I ordered the Zeepad it was supose to come in before Christmas. It DID NOT arrive untill after Christmas!!!!! It was my son's Christmas present. If it was not going to be here before Christmas the company should have said it would not arrive in time for Christmas. I placed the order on December 15, 2012. On my order it said delivery estimate was December 18 - 21, 2012. I would have paid extra to get it shipped by Christmas or ordered from somewhere else, but didn't know it would not arrive in time for CHristmas!!! When it did not arrive by December 21 I looked on line and it said it had been shipped. The postal service told me it looked like they had just made the lable for shipping but it hasn't left company yet. I tried to contact engine29 and could not. But when I was triying to contact them I saw where they had done the same thing to several other customers. I emailed the company (because they didn't list a phone number - I wanted to talk to someone personally) and didn't get a responce. By this time I was really afraid I would not receive the Zeepad, they had taken my money, but saw on Amazon where you prevented that form happening. I would not recommend this company to anyone. But as far the Zeepad it is ok for what we wanted. My 11 year old son uses. it.
tablet_zeepad|This was a fine inexpensive tablet for a month. Unfortunately the wifi quit working as soon as the return window expired and will not turn on, making the tablet useless. I've done a factory reset and tried getting the wifi to work in several different locations with no success. Trying to turn it one results in a &#34;turning wi-fi on...&#34; message which never goes away and never connects. Would not recommend this item.
tablet_zeepad|came very quickly.bought this for my wife to use as an ereader...she loves it...its working very well,no problems so far...cant complain...however wanted to buy one for myself but it went up by $16.
tablet_zeepad|Bought two of these one black one pink suppose to be new, but they both seem to be used,since the screens are scratched and they run very slow. They are for my children and they cannot understand why they are scratched and neither can I.
tablet_zeepad|I bought 2 before this one in local stores and neither worked great. This one is a great deal for kids who want a tablet but parents don't want to spend the money for the more expensive ones.
tablet_zeepad|It took a month to get it in the mail, the screen is not good quality, there a lines that go through the screen. One of my friends purchased this item as well, after a few weeks the charger piece and power button fell out, she was not able to return it. I would rather pay 70 dollars more and get a kindle fire or google android tablet, and don't have to worry about it falling apart.
tablet_zeepad|I have purchased this as a gift and my granddaughter loves it. For the money this gift is awesome when it comes to down loading apps and the learning apps help her.
tablet_zeepad|I bought as a gift for kids ages 5-10 & they seem to like it, so I guess that's all that matters. Took a little longer to arrive but I guess since its coming from overseas then it goes through customs.
tablet_zeepad|79.00 for a tablet computer is pretty cheap. Sounds good for our 9 year old son. He had it only for two weeks. The power button got loose and fell inside. The screen got slightly scratched. The screen was hard to see unless in a perfectly lighted room, not too bright. If your child is not hard on equipment, thre Zeepad may be a great starter computer.
tablet_zeepad|You try to go cheap but not always win. Garbage right out of the box, through and through in every function. You will lose your money here and the Seller blows you off. I now have a claim with Amazon (big hassle) begging for my money back. Meanwhile appeased my son with a nicely priced used Kindle Fire which he loves. Imagine what I could have bought him if I put all those dollars together! You live and you learn. Very proud of my son for being patient through the process.
tablet_zeepad|This was a great purchase, and for the price I couldnt go wrong. I purchased two for my children, but I think I would like to purchase one for myself now. Great product!!
tablet_zeepad|I bought this for my mom for Christmas, and she only plays games on it. Since it uses WiFi only, she's not able to use the bible at church, even though that was basically the only reason I purchased it. She's unable to download the bible for use outside of WiFi.
tablet_zeepad|I purchased this to run a few apps. It streams videos great. My only very minor complaint is the viewing angle. You must be looking at it straight on and not from an angle or you get the gray screen, which is no big deal to me. I would definitely get another one.
tablet_zeepad|good product and gret price for a 5yr old toddler and a preteen the love it. looks nice in a case as well.
tablet_zeepad|actually wanted to add that the sound is very low, I buy other headphones and ecuchaba better and higher. so I advise you to throw away the headphones that brought and buy better quality ones.otherwise I'm satisfiedsaludos desde venezuela
tablet_zeepad|Very good tablet for the price. Brought for my nephew and he loves it. Referred to others for their kids and they love it also
tablet_zeepad|now it will not boot past logo screen and I can't find anyone who knows how to do a hard reset.98q
tablet_zeepad|It's a good buy if you have realistic expectations of what you are paying for. My boy loves it and it works with the most of the popular apps and games from Google Play so far. It would not play Grand Theft Auto, which leads me to believe that support of intensive 3D games could be spotty. Battery life isn't great so bring the charger if you will be using it when out and about.
tablet_zeepad|This product is terrible and not worth $1. The charger broker the second day we had it..i sent the item back and they replaced the charger which lasted 1 day the second time. It also is missing the power button and needs a small object to turn it on!! I have lost the money on this item. Its a poor product and not worth buying. Nothing good about it
tablet_zeepad|Huge issue with the google play store and the connection. Never been able to install my apps on that. Plus it is not 4GB like the description says but rather 1.70GB. I am disappointed. It is cheap made (the outer box) and a single drop of rain on the screen would make the display shake like it's got a virus. Battery dies quick when videos are played. The book reader can hurt your eyes, the resolution is not the best. The only good side is the audio music part and folders and pictures.
tablet_zeepad|After reading a ton of product reviews, I ran across this listing. At the time it only had 26 reviews total. But even the negative reviews were helpful. This being said, I am an owner of a Galaxy Epic cell phone, and know what the "average" tablet can do (all my cell does, just a bit bigger). This tablet could and does compete with the Galaxy. I admit there are a few things the Galaxy has as features this tablet doesnt do, but for the most part it can do all you need (unless you are a high end user). This tab comes with just under 1gb memory onboard. I do recommend you buy an 8gb micro SD card (TF card) to go with when ordering as most aps want to install to the card. Set up was easy and second nature~ no having to flash the bios, or other such nonsense that many other no-name tablets had on their reviews to get Google Play (market). We purchased 2 with "Christmas Money" and we are discussing saving up for 2 to 5 more (we are a family of 7). They are reasonably priced, and well made, and fit our families needs.
tablet_zeepad|Just received this in the mail, it came in a very timely fashion. We chose to buy this for our ten year old boy instead of an ipod touch for many reasons. First, he wanted it solely for the purpose of playing games, as he already has an ipod nano. He has asked for the ipod touch for Christmas, but I hope he is pleasantly surprised as we are! Secondly - affordability! My teenage son and I already went onto the playstore and downloaded apps, and I looked in his backpack for the books he is reading and downloaded them so he can read them anywhere! I am certain he will love the netflix and the angry birds along with the other games it comes with. Bought an extra micro SD card, have set it up wifi in our house. Love it love it. Works well so far, hopefully it will continue with regular use! Thank you for the previous reviews I read which helped me feel confident in this purchase. The one in particular I agreed with - you can't compare this to the ipad - it's just a perfect mini ipad for games, movies and fun.
tablet_zeepad|I bought two of these for my boys. What a waste of money. The speakers barely work. I hate this item.
tablet_zeepad|I am currently deployed to Afghanistan and my wife ordered 2 of these for x-mas and have yet to be seen. This is complete BS !!!!!!!!
tablet_zeepad|Ive finally receive my tablet, it came earlier than expected...Give me A Hr to critique the product for my next review thanks.
tablet_zeepad|I had a very disappointing experience yesterday in Toys R Us Hato Rey Puerto Rico I recently purchased a 7 inch Tabeo Tablet for my daughter during the month of December. The thing is the equipment turned out to be defective tablet wont turn, the screen didn't work. So I went yesterday to the Toys R US Where I bought it the one in Hato Rey, Puerto Rico, to have it exchanged by another tablet or for a refund. And not only did I wait sooo long in line I was attended by this obnoxious assistant manager , whom which after looking @ the tablet just simply told me she couldn't accept the tablet because the manufacturing company wouldn't accept it. I told her the Tablet had arrived like this yet she didn't do much or anything to help out in this situation. All I can say is that Toys R US.. should emphasize more on customer service which is very low quality, they don't seem to hire a lot of employees although the stores are very big. Sometimes you have to walk around for a while through out the whole store in order to receive some assistance by a employee. As far as this situation I feel totally robbed/Scammed for my money. Employees are supposed to assist customers diligently and efficiently on any situation. But I just sensed they don't really care even though my daughter was next to me while I was trying to exchange the item ( Which obviously made her very sad, she wouldn't stop crying on the way back home.) I simply don't understand why wouldn't Toys R US exchange my item or give me a full refund it seems there always some sort of controversy or excuse to their own benefit when it comes to exchanges or refunds. Other stores like Game Stop, Electronics Boutique, Wal-Mart, Amazon won't give those obstacles when it comes to exchanging a item which they also sell a whole lot CHEAPER. Iam beyond indignated because the store manager totally wiped her butt with my receipt ( The purchase had been made less than a month ago) And even though she did admit the Tablets were in fact coming with defects she declined to offer any assistance or a exchange, refund, store credit whatsoever. Usually I never really buy often in Toys R Us... because there isn't located where I live & because I don't find the prices of the items cheap or affordable.. compared to Wal-Mart or K-mart or Game Stop , AMAZON . But this incident totally made it for Iam never BUYING ANYTHING ON TOYS R US ... EVER AGAIN.. and will give NEGATIVE RECOMMENDATIONS to relatives and Close ones based on my Personal EXPERIENCE. I WILL NEVER BUY HERE EVER AGAIN. EVER AGAIN, EVER AGAIN. THEIR RETURN POLICE IS A VERY FICTIONAL POLICY.
tablet_zeepad|Ordered 2 zeepads and I'm waiting to see when items will actually arrive...I have been feeling really uneasy about my transaction with seller with all the current negative reviece lately. I think once I finally (if I ever) receive my items even if on time I dont believe I'll use them again. Per reviews they seem a little suspect. I hope im wrong..next review to be continued......
tablet_zeepad|The battery life is severely lacking. The UI is not horrible. I bought this as an easy alternative for my Mom to use in order to keep up on Facebook activities and emails and she had issues with this device. On the bright side, my 4 year old loves it and we have dld games on it for him to play. Again, battery life an issue with that as well as it only lasts about an hour till dead from video game play.
tablet_zeepad|I havent used an expensive tablet before but this one still seems a little cheap.It works fine but the instructions were written by a foreigner and really donthelp with the use at all. You just have to figure it out as you go which is mostlynot to hard. I havent figured out how to have a favorites list yet.Overall a decent value for the price but dont expect anything like an IPad.
tablet_zeepad|Ok, it is an inexpensive tablet. My biggest problem with it was out of the box it would not turn on. Could not really get a good read on performance. Once it did start it was very slow and response time was horrible. I assume something was amiss with the processor. The absolute great news is the unit was returned and my money credited back without delay. Amazon Rocks!
tablet_zeepad|Screen is too slim while time you touch screen with a small pressure and you can see a black spot by your finger ...Battery is holding for 25 min ... It means its usseless .....To slow TouCh screen most games doesn't feel a touch screenBorough this tablet for my wife only because review said is great tablet -IT'S NOT
tablet_zeepad|The first week this item worked fine, but after one week it it began freezing up. Sent back to company.
tablet_zeepad|I am trying to either get it replaced or return it bcuz the screen is not completely attached and the mic hole isn't big enough to put in ear phones head phones or even a small speaker .
tablet_zeepad|el paquete esta en buen estado solo en la espera para probar los productos, segun lo que indica la marcae un buen producto
tablet_zeepad|The charger that I received is apparently not correct one? when it is plugged into the tablet, it doesn't set flush to the tablet. Therefore, I have not been able to even turn on the tablet. I'm disappointed and cant even use it. I see the little android symbol but doesn't respond to touch or buttons at all. Instructions written in English but make no sense.
tablet_zeepad|the item was not what it was advertised as i can not get on you tube,or online movies i was sadly disappointed
tablet_zeepad|LOW VOLUME NEED HEADPHONES TO HEAR THE SOUND. WHAT CAN I DO ? HELP! OTHER THEN THAT IT'S OK.SEND ME A E-MAIL ON WHAT I CAN DO.
tablet_zeepad|When I first received these items, they worked pretty good and then after about 2 weeks one of them quit working completely.. I bought these for my younger girls but just decided to send them back and get something else..u get what u pay for! I do have to say the shipping was great.. They got here in two days!
tablet_zeepad|most of the tablets that I see in similar price are alot faster, I purchased my tablet a few weeks before christmas 2012 and to be honest I am not that satisfied with it. in the original posting it states that its super fast but this thing force closes most apps, and as well I had to restore it to factory setting a few times now. I will never buy a certain item for the color ever again. its made very cheap and the touch screen part isn't glued down right. but hey for under $100 not too bad if you can deal with force closes and such.
tablet_zeepad|Freezes on almost every website I go to, nothing works, it's slow and looking at screen for some reasons hurts my eyes. I wish I never bought it. There's a reason why expensive good tablets are expensive and this one is cheap.
tablet_zeepad|very short battery life ... does not have usb port so the case I purchased with keyboard that has a usb is useless.....
tablet_zeepad|First off I am pretty sure this was refurbished....Secondly like few other people have said, the screen till start coming off in one of the corners, not sure what kind of cheap stuff they are using but it doesn't hold.Screen rotates too much if you ask me but thats not the killer for this its all the other things.Woke up this morning and the screen was peaking out a little and something have gotten underneath it, the screen got cracked while trying to get it out........
tablet_zeepad|I bought 2 of these and 1 of them the sound did not work and there is an area on the screen that doesn't work. I contacted the seller and they told me how to do a factory reset on it which I tried and it did not work. They told me then to call Worry Free Gadgets which I called and left a message and nobody has yet to call me back. The one that works is very nice. I am concerned though with the one that doesn't work and if I will even get a call back.
tablet_zeepad|They shipped it late, it was received late and as my husband took it out of the box on christmas the screen was lifting on the corner. I did not expect a ipad but this Product is very low grade and seller is not recommended
tablet_zeepad|Got becasuse of the reviews. I actually purchased one for my little brother for Christmas first and thought the first one was fine. This one though seems slower and freezes way more often then my brothers. Also, on both the battery life sucks! Ends up dead by the time you get into the first scramble words game going. I also purchased a larger SD card (16) because once you get it with all the apps that are already on it...not a whole lotta room left. If it could have a better battery likfe and not freeze so much would be so much happier with it! I am definitly saving my money for the new IPod Touch...just thought I would start off with a tablet to see if I'd use it. I would use this a whole lot more if it worked better.
tablet_zeepad|I bought this a few weeks ago and all it does is freeze and reboot on its own the tablet camera is terrible for 40 I at least expect it to run smoothly but I guess I can't even get that don't waste your money on this
tablet_zeepad|You get what you pay for. Very very basic but the apps don't work! Not one app I loaded worked so I returned it and just paid double for a kindle instead .
tablet_zeepad|Bought 3 of these in Feb and 1 month later only one of them still works. There is no rest button on them and they won't hold a charge. I want my money back but I know I will never get it. When looking it up online since there is no brand name (and ZeePad is not a brand name) you can't find any info on the piece of S***. Not only am I pissed about this but you have screwed my kids over. Thanks for nothing.
tablet_zeepad|Bought two "Zeepads" from Goodios and nothing is good about them. Battery won't hold a charge on either, the plastic is coming apart on both. The power button is pushed in on one. Screen is peeling up in one corner on the other one of them. Wifi won't stay connected on either. Touch screen is very inaccurate. Impossible to type on the onscreen keyboard because it chooses random characters. Barely usable devices. The firmwares from the Zeepad support site don't even work on this tablet! This is just a cheap Chinese clone product, can't be a real zeepad. I can't believe this thing has any good reviews! The company must be paying for people to write them or something. I wasn't expecting iPads or anything but come on. Speaking of come on, one of them is having a problem doing just that right now. It's stuck at an android icon in the middle of the screen and won't load past it. These things are a real joke. Requested an RMA to send them back but told I have to pay a restocking fee? For this garbage?? What a nightmare.
tablet_zeepad|Poor product, it won't even turn on. Company refused to exchange for another one. Extemely disappointed, it was a Christmas present.
tablet_zeepad|Trouble right out of the box. I think I would have loved this product...if only it had worked. The screen was bright and crisp, but that was the extent of anything good I could say about the thing because it failed to function. Fortunately the vendor took it back for full credit.
tablet_zeepad|I was very disappointed with the quality of this product. The first one I got would not hold a charge, so I had to order a replacement. The seller was very good about sending out a another one, so I give them props for that!The replacement is no better. Apparently, you get what you pay for in a tablet!
tablet_zeepad|Bought 4 of these for christmas presents. 3 of the 4 will no longer charge. 2 of the 4 had the on/off button and volume buttons completely fall off. They are basically trash and unusable. These stayed in a protective case and were taken care of when the buttons fell out. What a waste!
tablet_zeepad|I read the reviews and looked at the specs and everything looked good but honestly I'm pretty disappointed with this tablet. It lags terribly on typing and even on a a fast wifi connection it still seems pretty slow at times. I'm going to look at spending a bit more and getting something better.
tablet_zeepad|Other than the screen resolution being a bit fuzzy, I thought this was well worth the money spent. It was a gift for my grandson (nine and autistic) and he loves it.
tablet_zeepad|i bought this for my son,he loved it it had everything that he wanted on it!!!! it lasted a month and broke.....The power button broke and it no longer works and the company that i bought it through would not even respond to my e-mail.... so very disappointed with this product ...
tablet_zeepad|I can't hear any sound..like if u want to listen a music.I have to use my earphone..but listening without earphone,you cant hear any thing even while you are playing games..i dont know what's the problem is..the volume is already up.. im not recommend to anybody this pad..
tablet_zeepad|Got 2 of these for my boys 4 and 5 .. One broke in 3 days, it will only turn on with the charger in, once i pull out charger even on full battery it goes dead.. The other keeps freezing.. The games just stop working all the time.. It has been days and all these problems..Not worth the kids being upset when it freezes and just stops..Returning ..2 stars because they kids used it for netflix and no problems on there..
tablet_zeepad|I received this Zeepad 7.0 tablet quickly. It was packaged in China and looked fairly cheap, but all components including two USB adapters were included. My problem was the stand alone AC charger. It didn't work even after 'fiddling' with it. However, I was knowledgeable enough to know it could be charged with the included adapters via USB. This is the ONLY way I can charge it, but at least it can be done, and for me is not a problem. The price is fantastic. The features are good and it works quite well with the Android 4.0 OS. Having access to Google Play makes for an endless stream of apps. The battery holds up very well for maybe 4 hours of hard use, and the standby is very good as well.I asked the merchant for ideas on the AC replacement to no avail. I didn't even get a response from them. I'm happy with the unit... just not the merchant's response. For the money, you will get a very good 7&#34; tablet. It also works well with the keyboard 'clutch' case that plugs into the USB slot. I highly advise adding this $10+ accessory.
tablet_zeepad|Purchase this case after rerading the reviews and I really like the fact that you can access the Google Playstore to download apps. Additionally I like the expandable memory. The performance is good too!!
tablet_zeepad|Excelente.. me encanta!! muy &uacute;til.. justo lo que necesitaba :D lo recomendar&eacute; a mis amigos para que lo compren. .
tablet_zeepad|My baby sister can't get enough of it.... all she wants to do is play on her tablet. So its very good
tablet_zeepad|While this product certainly is no iPad, we have been very happy with it so far. We are also happy with the amount of apps there are available at the Google Play store. Best of all, it did not cost much in comparison with other tablets so we have a lot less to worry about when we let our kids (6 and 4) play with the apps.Some cons to point out:You have to look at the screen head on to view it properly. If you are viewing from the side, it looks like the negative of a photograph. Kind of a pain if my kids are using it and ask for my help with something.The sound quality is quite poor unless you hook up speakers or listen through headphones.I have no regrets about buying this tablet. Perfect for kids or casual use around the house.
tablet_zeepad|I own a Samsung stratosphere phone that runs on android 4.0 and this tablet looks and feels almost just like the phone except larger. The only real difference is that the apps tend to be more encompassing and sort of like a medium between what you would see on a phone and a laptop. It's a very nice substitute for a laptop if you use the right apps and perhaps buy a keyboard for it (the virtual keyboard is nice but I wouldn't want to write an essay on it). The battery life is great just as long as you don't leave the wi-fi connected to it all the time (I've had it on for almost 3 days and the battery is at 65% w/o using wi-fi). The screen resolution is a bit rough but not unbearable. Overall, for the price it's a great little device. I didn't mean to rhyme that .
tablet_zeepad|Tends to slow down and forget what it is doing at times, but otherwise seems ok. Hopefully we can get the apps to load.
tablet_zeepad|Got this for my 9 year old son for Christmas. It's definitely not an iPad. Has a plastic face that scratches easy. Some things don't adjust to which way the screen is turned and looks like things are missing, for example putting in the passcode. But for $80 bucks I just wanted something that works okay and maybe last a year since. What can I say, I'm poor. So far my son has loved it! It has a good operating system. Connects to the internet. Nick can download games and watch Netflix. So far so good!
tablet_zeepad|It worked for about 2 hours.... All of the sudden things would start to open and close and all sorts of things. Don't waist your time and money!!!!!
tablet_zeepad|This seller ( importers127 ) offered me a &#34;black&#34; Zeepad with accessories at expedited 1-3 day shipping ($22.00) and sold me nothing but lies and will not respond to my emails. I purchased this pad as a Christmas gift for my 11yo son and it took a week to arrive, is pink and the accessories do not fit the Zeepad...WORTHLESS!!! importers127 has NOT responded to my emails and thus fare AMAZON.COM has NOT responded.All I have requested is a black skin to cover this horrible pink so my son will not be ashamed of this horrible Christmas gift. NO!!!! Amazon.com and importers127 do not care and will not respond. A horrible loss of my money and of a regular customer of Amazon.com... I expected better of Amazon!!!
tablet_zeepad|I know you get what you pay for but I expected it to at least be useable. The charger fell apart the first day. Within a week it no longer could stay charged. The only way to use it was to have it connected to a power supply. It kept switching back to what I think was Japanese. It wouldn't remember the WIFI so we had to set it up at least once a week. It is very slow to respond when you touch the screen. It feels so cheap that I was afraid it would snap in half. Please stay away from the horrible device. Its so bad, I wouldn't pay $15 for it.
tablet_zeepad|Purchased for a Christmas gift to my 10 year old. Worked well for the first day. On day 2, the screen had lines running across it. Also, the screen began to flash while using this item. So, unfortunately, I sent it back right away. This left my son with no tablet until I could return this one and purchase another brand. But, the customer service was wonderful.
tablet_zeepad|The Zeepad was great at first. But after my kids only having them a month the have completely stopped working! I have no idea how to return them and no one is returning my emails. Im livid! I really want my money back!
tablet_zeepad|It only worked for a short time however I wouldn't blame it on the product. I blame it on a faulty cord. The company states they will refund me after product is received. If company weren't in China I would have asked for an exchange. I would just prefer to get a tablet from the states that way if there is a problem it won't take so long to get it to the company for repairs.
tablet_zeepad|SLOW SLOW SLOW SLOW SLOW, times out everytime i try to search and don't even bother trying to download an app .... There is a reason there are so many used zeepads for sale on here.... Cause not one person except a 5yr old wants to keep it
tablet_zeepad|this zpad sucks bad do not recommend any one buy it ,,it keep freezing up and I can't even really get it to work
tablet_zeepad|Ordered one for a kid I like so I got a second one to test.It lasted 30 minutes!!!Thought I would use this black one (arrived in BLUE) in the car as a cheap map and music player. Could not get gps to work if it has one.As it started to die the screen began a silver matrix like left to right wave of lighting occurred and then black to never power up again!Not giving the pink one to a kid now. You get what you pay for!!
tablet_zeepad|I just recieved my tablet and its not working. U can't turn it on. It doesn't charge. Nothing works on it. Total disappointment.
tablet_zeepad|i gave a defected product for christmas. what a disappointment. sent it back and am still waiting for a replacement product.
tablet_zeepad|This item was purchased for a 16 year old girl. It worked great Christmas day, then it would not work unless it was plugged in, and it ran slower than molasses.
tablet_zeepad|I bought these for my two daughters for Christmas. One was dropped on Christmas day and has been in a computer repair shop since, he says it is junk. This I realize, could be due to it being dropped. However the other zeepad I purchased stopped working in late January! It had never been dropped! I know the cost to purchase these tablets was extremely inexpensive, however I would expect them to work for longer than one month. I am highly disappointed in this product!
tablet_zeepad|This thing was good for a few days+then it was over.We bought it for our daughter,who handled it with great care,+within days she said the volume didn't work.Then it wouldn't connect to wifi.Then it would frequently freeze up+she can't rectrieve her video+pictures she took of her schoolmates now.The manual is written in broken english+the Square Trade warranty we bought for this(Amazon recommended it)is useless.They just passed the buck right back to the Zeepad manufacturer-which is nearly impossible to get a phone number,or e-mail to contact them- and to Amazon,which hasn't done anything yet.This is a joke all the way around+a complete waste of money,never mind our daughter being heart broken after she waited so long to get a tablet of her own.Don't buy this garbage+skip the &#34;recommended&#34; Square Trade warranty!!!!!!!!!
tablet_zeepad|locked by 9 yr old using patterns..unable to unlock a month later ,spent hrs on the net, still no answers.. any help? anyone?
tablet_zeepad|Had problems from the get go. I guess you get what you pay for. I ended up buying the samsung galaxy 7'' and Im happy with it.
tablet_zeepad|I bought three of these for my kids and none of them worked. I sent all of them back. The product was poorly made and even though the price was low, the product was even lower.
tablet_zeepad|I bought this for my 11 yr old with restrictions on when she could use it providing homework is done, chores are done etc. With that stipulation, to protect her from being tempted, and because I am smart, I put a password on it. At first I used the slide lock. Well I forgot the combination but after 3 tries it asked if I wanted to open with my google account. Nice save! So still feeling pretty sure of myself I set a password and left for work. Returning home to find her chores done, homework done and room clean she earned play time. I have to admit that after hours of trying every combination of what I thought the password was, I was never able to unlock it.I take full responsibility for forgetting the password. I give this tablet a low rating because there is NO reset button!! Before sending back I searched for hours on the internet looking for help on how to reset it. For the money it is not a bad product and my daughter enjoyed it for her first tablet. But what are the chances that she would set a password and forget later on without any way to reset it? With the slide lock after 3 tries it did give the option to override and we were able to get in. With the password however, I tried over 300 combinations and never got the option to open with my google account. I saw many other sites with the same complaint but never found an answer. Nor was I able to find the manufacturer info to call and ask if there was a way to reset the tablet. So I sent it back and will try another brand.
tablet_zeepad|I bought this tablet for my son for Christmas. He played it maybe 10 times before it stopped working. The backlight will turn on for a few seconds, but no picture will show up. I ordered these early so it is past the date available to return the item. Very disappointed!
tablet_zeepad|it was not the kind of tablet that i wanted.i want one that has a front and back cam. that what i want
tablet_zeepad|My son got this for Christmas from his grandma. He likes it other then his angry birds games keep resetting. He is getting very frustrated with it now.
tablet_zeepad|The keyboard does not pickup correctly sometimes, It cannot find wifi spots and The keyboardcase i have will not operate when connected to the pad. am think about colntacting the seller about returning it .
tablet_zeepad|Battery life is less then 30 minutes. The touch screen doesn't work as well as it should. Some android apps don't work at all.
tablet_zeepad|The pad had 3 flaws:1) Battery life - about enough for 1 full movie on a charge and that's about it2) The touch wasn't uniformly accurate - for some reason, around the menus and such I had to consistently touch at the top edge; annoying, but I could have lived with it3) The audio had all kinds of sound artifacts (clicks and such) in it. This was true for the built-in speaker as-well-as the headphone jack; so it must have been something to do with the sound hardware.I might have chosen to live with issues #1 and #2, but #3 made the pad unusable for anything related to audio and video. My suggestion.
tablet_zeepad|this tablet constantly froze up and the battery life is horrible.then when it's changing you have no of its fully charged and it does not cut off automatically when it's finished charging ,still waiting on my refund ,the seller has no contact info except for email and take forever to respond ,don't buy this tablet !!!!!!
tablet_zeepad|First let me say that I received this product within a week. This product came from China and the delivery time was good. However, I would not give this product to my worst enemy. The screen (pixels) are horrible. When I received this product the charger did not work. There is a nasty shortage for the charger. The case and the screen is plastic. It's not bright and there is always a glare on the screen. When I was searching for this products, the reviews said they will give to they children, well I wont even give to my children. The only way I recommend to get this product if you just want to give away your money and if so donate the money to your local church or someone who is in need.
tablet_zeepad|I purchased two zeepads for my great-grandchildren for Christmas. They arrived on time as promised. I did my usual research and wrapped the gifts in preparation for their arrival. Unfortunately, neither of the zeepads are being used because BOTH chargers have malfunctioned and are not working . They are not holding the charge . Imagine a seven year old and a ten year old who have been waiting for these zeepads since they first saw them on TV. . We have had someone look at them but to no avail. Please give me some advice if you can....if not, please send me instructions for returning them with anticipation of receiving a full refund. They were purchased on my account and I have got to get moving on replacing them with something else before I lose my cool great-grandmother status
tablet_zeepad|Able to do certain things. However switches to other items on its own. Listen to music and switches songs on its own. Playing games and freezes up. My overall rating is a 1 even that is to much of a rating
tablet_zeepad|it stopped working after 2 days and i have not recieved my new one ,an i have not recieved a phone call or nothing
tablet_zeepad|It Froze.Wouldn't shut down.Was very slow.Didn't pick up quickly.Camera was not good.Son was very dissapointed.
tablet_zeepad|I purchased 4 of these and after using them for a couple of months I can honestly say they are absolute crap.Pros:Has Google Play and plays YouTube.Andriod seems to be stable and we have had few crashes.Performance is reasonable for a sub $100 tablet.Wifi seems to be stable and does not drop out but signal receptions is relatively weak.Cons:The screen is very easily scratched. The manufacturer apparently knew this and included a screen protector. However, the protector is of very low quality and peels off and/or develops air bubbles after a few days.One of the units had some problems with the internals and if you put your finger on back it in a specific spot it would create a distortion pattern on the screen in the front.One unit was DOA. The touch screen had a dead spot (which happened to line up with the &#34;S&#34; key on the onscreen keyboard making it unusable. In general, the touch screens are of low quality. All of them have manufacturing defects like embedded dust particles in the plastic (that become evident after installing the screen protector) indicating they were produced in a low quality facility.The power button on one of the units has already failed and no longer powers on or off the unit.The screen is a critical feature of a tablet and this one fails miserably on all counts. It is cheap Chinese crap and should be avoided.I got frustrated and purchased a Nextbook in Walmart for the same price as one of these units and the difference in quality is astounding. The Nextbook is light years ahead of the Zeepad.
tablet_zeepad|So far I have not opened it but the 5 star is for the shipper. They were FAST!!!. Got it in 3 days
tablet_zeepad|The screen is too small. The icons make it hard to understand how to browse, download, etc. Too complicated for any child under 5.
tablet_zeepad|Product arrived new n nicely pkgd on time by usps so it was just placed in mailbox, I rated it a 3 bc it came w/ no user manual only printed out sheet of instructions not much help.
tablet_zeepad|I have spent days before buying this, reviewing, searching i was disapointed when it came, the store opens but has a server error. everything it good besides. the camera also haspoor resolution.
tablet_zeepad|I got the Zee pad for my 15yr old and she loves it. the apps are easy to install. I brought 4 Zee Pad
tablet_zeepad|I would like to write a review on this product, but I cannot turn it on. The charger that I received is broken. It is not the charger shown in the picture, the one I was told I was going to receive, and when it is plugged into the tablet, it doesn't set flush to the tablet. Therefore, I have not been able to even turn on the tablet. I'm very frustrated considering this was a Christmas gift, mind you I spent almost $30 on shipping to have it arrive before Christmas, and now I can't even give it as a gift. I'm not satisfied.
tablet_zeepad|Tablet stop working the first day i received it. 4GB is a lie, more like 1GB. I don't know if buying the TF card will help the limited storage problem, but it pisses me off because i can't download movies for my kids! I haven't allowed it to charge the recommended initial six hours, but battery drains very quickly! The return policy is ridiculous, 20-50% restocking fee for items that aren't defective is highway robbery! This company(Engine29) has a problem not the tablets. I've heard nothing but good things about the Zeepads, so i can only assume that they knowingly sell damaged products. It's suspicious to me, my items arrived without warranty info, generic user manuel, and no information on the product or on the user manuel about the maker of the product. Amazon suggested i "Bing or Google"(no lie) the maker, they only had an email address for Engine29. I'm greatly disappointed that Amazon doesn't have more info on who they do business with.
tablet_zeepad|While this device has performed okayish for the past few days since we got it, there is no information on the manufacturers or support what so ever! the device has no serial number, no fcc id and no way to contact the manufacturer for support. Already experiencing a few crashes and poor battery performance.
tablet_zeepad|I ordered 3 zeepads one for each of my kids. They recieved them for Christmas. Not one of them made 3 weeks. They would turn on and you could see backlighting on the screen but no picture. I could excuse one not working, but not all three. The first one broke 4 days after we got it. Returned all 3.
tablet_zeepad|I ordered in in Dec., it arrived Jan. 17th. The first sign that this was not going to go well was the way it was packaged...or the lack of packaging. LOL. The tablet comes in the box that you would find it in any retail store, then it had only one layer of bubble wrap covered by a layer of packing tape. What kind of a company packs like this??? (it is not packed into a shipping box).It only gets worse, the screen is extremely scratched, and raised above the frame on one side, and it had a half worn sticker on it. The WIFI must be within 2 feet in order to connect...but the browser doesn't work anyway. Also the unit will not charge at all if the tablet is turned on.Despite all this we were able to download a couple of games that did work well and were a ton of fun at first, that is until they started to freeze up.I contacted the company on the 18th, and they responded back saying the item is new and "show us a photo where is the scratches.thanks!". So I replied back with pictures.Next they agreed it was scratched and offered to send me "the film" to repair it and a new charger.There is so much wrong with this Zeepad that a screen and a charger wouldn't come close to fixing it. I replied back that I did not pay full price for a used, disfunctional tablet that I would have to fix.Their last response was just one short sentence..."pls ship back we refund you.thanks"Evidently they also want me to pay to ship this useless, previously returned item. It is so disappointing. Hopefully they aren't planning to ship it off to the next unsuspecting person.Hmmm, I guess when I get back home I will need to dig out the layer of bubble wrap they used to box it??? I just don't have time to deal with stuff like this...how disappointing.
tablet_zeepad|I am very disappointed in the tablets. Both of them flicker and one of them all the components are offset. The seller wants me to pay shipping back to them for him to look at them and see if i am telling the truth and if so then he will repair them. I feel like he should have offered to send us 2 new ones with pre-paid labels to return the other two or to do a pick up for them and refund my money. I have went round and round with this seller and I am very very pissed due to I have 2 very unhappy children due to this was there valentine's gift. Seller say I have only 10 days to return them and since I only get paid twice a month I do not have the money to pay for them to be return. Just very very dissatisfied and not sure if I will ever purchased anything like this again. One it has been a nightmare back and fourth with emails to get them return. It is costing me money to return them when they were defected when the seller ship them to me and he made me like I was a liar when saying if they are doing what I said he would repair them. REALLY!!!! repair them. I am a point I don't know what to do except to accept that I am gonna be out $180.00 bucks that I cannot afford. I have a child with cancer and lupus and is taking 23 pills a day. In the hospital at least every other month and all i wanted was her to have something to occupy her when she was stuck in the house for days at a time due to she has no immune system and when she was in the hospital. I should have just spent the extra money and went to a local store and bought one that way if there was a problem all I had to do is drive over there and get the problem solved. Very unhappy customer and this was my first time to purchase amazon and just may have to be my last.Sincerely,Tracie Tramell
tablet_zeepad|This is the thing, The Zeepad came from Goodios and it worked GREAT for exactly 3 hours!! then the wifi wouldn't stay on and the audio went out!! My tech looked at it, and said the wifi card was dead, so I could buy a new one, but since it was less then 5 hours old,send it back!! NOW I did read all of the comments, and this company has a great reputation,but this product when it works for people its fantastic, when it doesn't well I had a tearful child!! So is this the sellers fault? how do i rate this with anything but a 1 when the product failed so miserably even if the seller was fine? I mean i didn't contact the seller amazon did, so im assuming they treated amazon as they would me on that note they get 5 stars, BUT again why are they not testing these tablets out, I mean its a real crap shoot when you buyt this, as you can see some people got lucky and what they bought was awesome, I gambled and lost I bought it crossed my fingers and got a defective one:( i am not going to buy another one, I'm not sure what I'm going to do but this tablet form any of the sellers is not the answer for my family!!I got to my house on time, they DO NEED to package it better!! its in a small box with no bubble wrap or packing material of any kind, and then that box is in another box,(just rattling around) this may be why some are getting cracked screens, plus it(the tablet) was ice cold, I dont know if that would break it, but I'm sure it doesn't help. Maybe that's what happened! For the person who wanted a instructional guide..I got one, it had no adjectives in it, and it didn't help with , why did the sound go out?? so you really dont need one, as everything else is pretty easy to understand, it was funny though!!SO Im giving the tablet 1 star, I rolled a dice, and the seller will get a 5 but for the purposes here, I'm giving it 1 star. So it is definitely buyer BEWARE!! ( I didn't make 2 separate reviews 1 for product 1 for the seller, so I only made this one and included everything!) I do wish I could give the product no stars!!
tablet_zeepad|Operation is inconsistent. Freezes up too much. USB port appears to only be for charging. Touch screen response is inconsistent. Internet access is only by WIFI. Doesn't appear to be upgradeable (hardware, ram). Cool idea for a beginning tablet/device for a preteen or displaying video work. The price is attractive but don't look to be too impressed once you receive it. Instruction booklet was poorly put together. My ten year old daughter has better composition. Packaging, presentation and operation make it reminiscent of a "knockoff" or "bootleg". I guess you buy cheap, you get cheap!
tablet_zeepad|purchased two , one seems to be working fine but the other not so much....screen freezes constantly and not responsive to touch. theres nothing worse than giving a child something christmas morning and have it work so poorly...trying to contact seller and exchange , i will give them the benefit of the doubt that this one was a fluke , but as of day one not happy at all !!
tablet_zeepad|I wish I could give no star at all. I returned this piece-of-crap after 2 hours of use. Viewing angle is poor, headphone jack didn't even accommodate the cheap earbuds that comes with it. Sound is barely audible and lastly, I'm getting the run-around about my refund. DO NOT waste your time purchasing this crap.
tablet_zeepad|My daughter saved her money and bought this tablet for herself...We LOVE it!! It is pretty fast and works great for what she wants. I'm hoping my husband gets me one for Christmas
tablet_zeepad|The wi-fi only worked for a couple of hours...then just didn`t work anymore. There is not a user manual to try to fix it.
tablet_zeepad|OFCOURSE FOR THE PRICE I PAID I WASNT EXPECTING AN IPAD. INTERNET VERY SLOW. LOOSES CONNECTION TO INTERNET ONCE GOING FROM ONE PAGE TO THE NEXT. MY CELLPHONES INTERNET IS FASTER, HAHA.... PAY MORE AND EXPECT BETTER QUALITY. LESSON LEARNED. I RATED THE TABLET STAND POORLY BUT ACTUALLY IS OF GOOD QUALITY AND HANDY. OOPS
tablet_zeepad|Company sold me a used Zeepad. Scratches on front of unit. I will never purchased any product from this company again.
tablet_zeepad|I bought this tablet for my daughter for Christmas. What a disappointment! The tablet never turned on--nothing. It also did not receive a charge. I tested the charger that came with the tablet on another tablet I have and it worked fine. I unplugged it while it was still warm and plugged it into the Zeepad and it went cold. E-mails and telephone calls went unanswered. I returned it for my money back.
tablet_zeepad|Device didnt work well as far as touch screen and had to keep resetting it to get it to connect to wifi. Also the adapter plug in tht were sent with the device to charge did not fit in the device or the usb to plug into computer. The charger was very short. Wld not recommend. Bought for my 2 yr old and she doesnt even want to play w it!
