tablet_coby|was excited to get this item, but could not get it to sync to my wifi or any wifi for that matter
tablet_coby|I love it work just like I thought its I love everything about it .... its really great after long day of work or school
tablet_coby|its a very affordable tablet but becuase it does now have google play it is very lacking in apps and with that it feels like a old version battery life is pretty bad to if watching videos u will need to charge afterwards if u not a fan of apps and just need a quick device for web browseing i recomend this if u like watching videos and apps i dont recommend this
tablet_coby|Hi I'm a little dissapointed with the slow Ness. It's also not a device that downloads Android apps and I didn't receive the accident protection I ordered. Please Weres the accident protection plan?
tablet_coby|Great device , no problems with it , Just what I wanted. It does everything I needed it to do . Would recommend it to anyone who is looking to buy a tablet .
tablet_coby|We bought this as a starter tablet for our granddaughter. She loves it. I am ordering another one for our grandson for bis birthday.
tablet_coby|GREAP PRODUCT, MORE VALUES AND DEALS LIKE ITI, I WOULD RECOMMEND FOR YOUNGER KIDS AND PRE TEEN ADOLESCENTS. YES YES
tablet_coby|It is everything I expected. Easy to use, the Get-Jar has tons of apps. The battery last four hours just like it said.
tablet_coby|My husband thanks me for this tablet everyday. He has to get on it at least once a day. The apps are great.
tablet_coby|im limited in the apps i can download. i also bought with generic keyboard that is awesome but you MUST MUST MUST buy the female to malemini usb piece seperately. save yourself aggravation and get it off amazon aswell. impossible to find at retailers. im not the most computer savvy so this allows mw to get most of what i need done. the screen can be slightly lumpier than other tablets. but i absolutely love the size and comfort. also stay close to an outlet, runs outta juice fast.
tablet_coby|Just as described, shipped early and Easley to track. I Luv It and the speed on the Coby is super fast!
tablet_coby|I bought this for my stepdaughter. She likes it a lot. I checked it out. It seems to work for her. I would buy another given the chance.
tablet_coby|work's well for a week or two then it goes blank and I need to push in the reset button.
tablet_coby|i love it! working good, is so good for the price, i want buy other, really good, thank you so much
tablet_coby|For basic users it's perfect! Its 7-inch size it's perfect if you wanna comfy go out. If everything you want is working on word, PDF's, e-mails, etc., Coby Kyros' great! Good for entertainment too: facebook, twitter, youtube, games, etc! Gooood speed, highly recommended.
tablet_coby|muy bonita aunque esta marca tiende a recalentar mucho por la parte de atr&aacute;s y la bater&iacute;a dura muy poquito tiempo cargada
tablet_coby|I have not received the product in time and paid defendant. I demand some remuneration for their lack. 2 days late starting tomorrow
tablet_coby|It's a great up date for me.....my son have been telling me dad you need to up date now i have
tablet_coby|I got this tablet on the thought that I Could add the App Store Google Play but Every time I open it The app store closes out on me. I did a little research and found out that I can root the device but there is on root for it yet. so for now i use the amazon app store I had the download it from my Computer and move it to the tablet using the cable it came with.the get jar store sucks. but since i got the amazon app store im fine till a root comes out
tablet_coby|this is a great product. I'm happy with this seller, I liked it, I did not think that such money can buy toque different goods. all as described and all the accessories, or buy you will not regret
tablet_coby|We bought two of these for our young kids so that they would leave Mommy's iPad alone & have their own devices to play games and watch Netflix...they have been used maybe a total of three hours since Christmas! They are terrible quality- they constantly freeze up, the kids fingers aren't strong enough for the "touch capability", etc...these things are simply pure CRAP. I wouldn't $20 for this "tablet"!
tablet_coby|Don't have the words to describe my disappointment in this product. Didnot get value for my money and was unable to contact anyone to help me fix the problem.
tablet_coby|mehi guess its better than nothing. it is slow. it is not well made. I opened mine and there was movement in the case. this is not google approved so forget about google play, development or anything like that. you cant even load mozilla or chrome on it. returned and happy. I got a real android tablet for a couple dollars more
tablet_coby|Muy buena tablet, buena resolucion y capacidasd, las aplicaciones seve muy bien y se puede descargar Path, Instagram y otras redes sociales
tablet_coby|excelente producto llego todo perfectamente bien sin ning&uacute;n defectos ni detalle a a la fecha prevista y sin contratiempo, gracias
tablet_coby|Very bad viewing angles . . . Low dpi . . . No play market . . . But fast interface, and good performance for 2D games . . .
tablet_coby|Its the first thing my daughter grabs every morning when she wakes up and it's the first thing my wife grabs when she gets home from work.
tablet_coby|never had a tablet before and i am very pleased with the Coby, I wanted it for Facebook , youtube and espn and all of those plus more it works great. only downside is it doesn't have google play.
tablet_coby|i am using the tablet mainly for sheet music storage. It is working fine, easy to read, easy to access.
tablet_coby|Por el precio que se oferto si es un buen producto, mis hijos pasan entrtenidos y lo mas importante ya no me piden mi celular para sus juegos. Muy buen producto en general.
tablet_coby|once received it has been great .. My daughter has not stopped using it. apps are easy and using it as an e-reader as well as been a blessing, get internet for her to check Facebook and take pics has been wonderful for her.
tablet_coby|Really nice product. However, it is limited to GetJar, that means that you cant download anything outside of GetJar. Thats the only issue I have with this product so far
tablet_coby|I think people who gave this Coby Tablet a bad review just didn't give it a fair chance. The tablet is awesome..and highly recommend for anyone that doesn't want to purchase a more expensive one.
tablet_coby|good!!!! very good!! i love!!! very very very very !!!! good!!! good!!! good!!! very good!! very good!!! very good!!! very goods
tablet_coby|Battery life seems ok and I'm learning how to use it. Don't like the size for taking photos. Too big and bulky. I bought it for watching movies while traveling on an airplane. Works fine !
tablet_coby|it has decent battery life, looks good, i have not had a tablet before and have not used others, so i do not know what to expect. i get frequent &#34;not responding do you want to close your browser&#34; messages. seems slow and may be my 2.5mbs dsl that is causing it.. have not updated anything. experience will be the best teacher and i have a lot to learn about it.
tablet_coby|very good tablet,works fine, many options, design is fine,program quality is fine. we love it .fkbf bfjewhb jhebbfjeb wejhbe ejhbj
tablet_coby|This is my first table. I'm used to Android OS, but never realized that Android OS can be more castrating than Windows!In a Windows OS you can go into C drive and delete whatever you want (even to destroy the OS itself). This Android is totally locked: you CANNOT install Market to have access to Google Play apps!?! (No Gmail, no Chat, etc) You ONLY can get apps from a &#34;GetJar&#34; app that is very poor and with few apps to choose from. You CAN'T even delete the pre-installed junk apps that come with it. These pre-installed apps are always running in the background consuming RAM and making this very slow tablet to be even more slow.Finally I was able to crack it down and now I have Market on it and managed to install some apps to kill the junky apps from running, but I'm not able to uninstall them. Freedom is needed to do whatever you want to do with your OS.The camera doesn't work already and the back cover is cracking although it never fall.
tablet_coby|one tablet has stop working already. i haven't had the item two weeks and now i need to return it, poor quailty.
tablet_coby|Very slow and its to touchy which makes it hard to work with in a busness type situation more for a beginner its ok for that. Not business.
tablet_coby|I purchased this with the intent of using mainly as an e-book reader. I was going to buy a KINDLE, but I thought they could only be used to read KINDLE books. After I started using the KYROS I was impressed with the things it could do. Browser, e-mail, lot of PC stuff. The KYROS does most of what an IPAD can do- maybe not as quickly or as well, but adequately. All in all, I am very satisfied with the kyros especially for $149.95.
tablet_coby|Love my new tablet! Got one for my mother-in-law for Christmas and she loves hers too! Shipped very fast. Happy
tablet_coby|My son enjoys his tablet and its many functions. Good product for the price that I paid for it. I would probably buy a kindle fire he next time.
tablet_coby|I needed a tablet to chek mail, watch videos in youtube, read newspaper on line, get apps from 1mobile such as twitter,facebook, tuneinradio, kindle reader, angry birds, everything works ok, processor is fast enough and capacitive screen works fine.Cons. when you let battery run off you have to reset the tablet, i wish for a better battery and a better screen resolution , but for a starter tablet is good.
tablet_coby|I bought this for my 9 year old for Christmas. Had some trouble with getting Getjar to work. I do not like how the app works. I downloaded the Amazon App store for android and it is so much better. The tablet is easy to use. For the price would recommend the product.
tablet_coby|Good inexpensive tablet for the first time user. We bypassed GetJar and downloaded Amazon App Store. It's a little slow and notice it likes to cut out of wifi occasionally, don't know if it's this unit or our connection... All in all a good tablet for occasional basic use.
tablet_coby|I bought this for my 11 years old son, he is very pleased..he use it mostly to play and navegate internet..so its been perfect for him.
tablet_coby|Don't buy this product. On Christmas 2012 my two children opened these gifts and I spent most of the day trying to get them to work. My brother who is a computer tech also worked on them and found them difficult to work. The problem is Getgar is terrible, you cannot download Google Play, You Tube stops and the unit crashes. Also the recommended keyboard that pops up when you order is not compatible. Both tablets and keyboards are being returned as we speak. If I have any issues with the return, I will post another review. Otherwise assume Amazon processed the return for a full refund.
tablet_coby|Es demasiado buena y sencilla de usar muy util para lo que la queria. Lleno todas mis expectativas. Vale la pena.
tablet_coby|Good purchase with little money!!!The tablet has a good quality and it serves if you want to have more than a basic perfomance and you don't have enough money...
tablet_coby|Exactly as the title states. Although it has an Android OS, it does not play well with Android app markets such as Amazon Apps Store or Google play. Other than that it was a good value, if you can stand being limited by the ONE app purchasing program.
tablet_coby|can not go to google play store or down load google apps can not get pandora radio quit conecting to wyfi 3 weeks after i bought it horrible product.
tablet_coby|first off it doesnt come with playstore,...getjar sucks.....2months after purchasing it doesnt work.....the battery runs down very fast...takes long to charge and ohh by the way did i mention after 2 months it doesnt wokr....im absolutely disappointed in this product.......but its my fault i should have gone for the more money more quality product, so once again stay far from this product
tablet_coby|es muy bueno lo certifico hice una compra de este producto y todo salio bien tanto la compra como el envio
tablet_coby|THANK YOU VERY GRATEFUL TO THE PRODUCT. 100% RECOMMENDED. GOOD CARE AND SAFETY.WOULD LIKE TO KNOW IF YOU HAVE housings and linings for this tablet.
tablet_coby|Nice tablet to go on the web, install many games, but it doesn't allow you to have google play, such a nightmare to install apps, decide to sell it, dont have it anymore
tablet_coby|I don't. Care for the coby at all. It is very hard for me to see. And I don't like the apps. They are hard to find. It is hard to hold onto.
tablet_coby|The Coby Tablet 10.1-inch is very good with one exception: the wi-fi connection is very poor if you are more than 20 feet from your wi-fi modem. And there are times when you can sit within 3 feet of your wi-fi modem and the signal strength is still poor.
tablet_coby|The Size Is Great. The Resolution Is Good.The Tablet Works Great Over Wifi......If The SignaI Is Strong.....But I Have MI-FI Thru AT&T And It's Very Slow And Sluggish, Takes Forever To Change Pages On The Internet Thru It. I Managed To Download A Few Educational Apps For My Grandkids Which Are Great. Some Games Are Not Available To Download, Like Facebook Games.
tablet_coby|I thought I was getting a good deal on this tablet, but I did not do enough research. The weight and look of this tablet is nice. But as soon as I tried to connect it, it said No Wi Fi in range, which was odd since I was within 3 feet of the device. After a day or so and many reboots, it finally connected. But when it connected it was sooooooo slow. Then when I went to try to download my Banking AP, Surprise No Android Market. WTF? Get Jar? WTF is Get Jar? Get Jar is some free ware Store with very very few aps, then when I go to the Colby Web Site for support it tells me they no longer recommend Get Jar, and they want me to use some other piece of crap market store. This Tablet is literally a waste of Hardware, which a few simple fixes this could have been a great tablet.ProsPriceNice Form FactorConsNo SupportProblems with Wi FiNo Android Market
tablet_coby|It has good resolution, has some good applications, but it is very very slow, it freezes every 5 minutes. I hope COBY improve its processor and its aplicciones
tablet_coby|Works well and as advertized. I added memory and now has plenty of capacity. I would reccomend it as a low cost tablet.
tablet_coby|got this tablet for my with for x-mass work great, she uses it in place of her laptop all the time when she's away from home
tablet_coby|Tablet is fully charged while on charger but won't turn on when not on the charger. It also doesn't have Google Play access.
tablet_coby|This was a 2nd choice for my mom since the one I like wasn't available. She loves this thing! Too bad the battery life isn't at all the same as the device performance.
tablet_coby|Product is defective, if QC was done, it was shoddy...1st machine camera was shot and goofed...2nd machine random freezing and rebooting without reason.this is not a good product, nor do I think it should be sold here.
tablet_coby|It's fast, it's easy to use, it has a wonderful display. It does not however, have Google Play on board. No idea why. So getting Pandora, skype, netflix, and numerous other apps for android is near impossible. Just to load Facebook required 2 hours of online searching to find a download site, then transfer from PC to tablet. What a pain. And even though Google play will work on it, you can't get it if it isn't a listed device. Who thought this stuff up?
tablet_coby|i think its so good tablet pc I alredi have broken and i'm bored without it. thank yu :D :D
tablet_coby|the copy tablet was good it works great u can do alot with it and he price was unbearable. i enjoy using it even my three year old son said mom its nice can i have it he use it to watch Disney cartoon and all that good stuff.
tablet_coby|bought this item for my daughter for xmas and she loves it ...the power cord shorted out but other than that its all good
tablet_coby|it wouldn't let you download anything from andriod appthe games is diffthe screen is smaller than the pic of it
tablet_coby|Powers on and off when it wants, freezes up constantly, no Google play, very limited capabilities. Returned after 3 days. If you want a good tablet pay the money! Or go cheap and pay for being constantly aggravated. Im writing this review on my new Samsung galaxy tab 2. Its AWESOME. and fairly priced. Athough it has the Google play store in does not support the ibotta or the endorse apps....
tablet_coby|Bought this for my 11 year old son for Christmas. I didn't want to invest in a personal laptop just yet. He really likes it and so do I.
tablet_coby|froze up with in the frist two hours of getting it. all i did was set up my email and work accounts i needed shport cuts to. then it froze made a horrible sound and the only was to get it to shut off was to push the reset button. it continued to freeze up for the next two days. then i returned it.
tablet_coby|Every time I try to do the slightest thing the browser say would you like to wait of cancle, over and over again. I like it when I use a program called team viewer because I use the browser of my laptop through this tablet. Team viewer allows me to use my laptop from the tablet. it works faster then. I am not really liking this and I should return it.
tablet_coby|For the money its a great deal. I got it for the kids to play with, watch videos and stuff like that. I real happy with it.
tablet_coby|I bought this for my girl friend to use as an eBook reader. That is a task it does admirably. She says its an excellent size for reading textbooks and comics. The speaker volume is a little on the low side.Also, it needs to be hacked to add the Google Play store. And you need the Google Play store to find the apps you need (Adobe Reader). Also, invest in a microSD card because storage is really limited.
tablet_coby|bad connection and i have a very high speed dsl nothing will download and you can not get on the internet
tablet_coby|This tablet constantly crashed. I had a hard time finding apps. It is not supported by Google, therefore you cannot easily sync with Google applications and services, aside from email. You also cannot buy Google play sore apps. Amazon appstore could be downloaded and installed, but I frequently had to reinstall that app.Was disappointed that the work flexibility I had hoped to gain with this tablet was actually increased frustration and hassle..Got the Samsung Tab 2... love it...
tablet_coby|very easy to navigate with all the features i need. great product for the price. i would reccomend it to anyone wanting a cheaper alternative to the more expensive tablets.
tablet_coby|This tablet sinks.It worked for about 10 days.Here is some pros and cons about the Coby Kyros.*It will let you download games and read books.*It won't let you exit out of internet tabs.*It will let you get on the internet.
tablet_coby|this tablet sucks. no android market the few apps that you can download are for two year olds dont like it dont want it
tablet_coby|The tablet doesn't charge and is overheating each time that I try to charge it. The tablet is dead and I'm not able to find a solution in any place.
tablet_coby|Funciona bien, casi no es necesario resetear. Lo malo es que solo se puede descargar las app de slime me, mas no de otro lado. Las imagenes salen bien claras, aunque no he probado la salida hdmi mini que tiene a un costado. El sonido es deficiente, con audifonos se corrige el problema
tablet_coby|I Love my tablet, it would not come on one week after I purchased it, but I reset it that same day and it works fine. My tablet does exactly what I want and need it to do. Play games, read my bible, check my emails. The camera does not take good pictures but I don't care. I really like it.
tablet_coby|fast table is manipulated version of android excellent ideal size and excellent graphics a reality in connection hdmida monitors thanks
tablet_coby|Recib&iacute; mi tablet y estoy encantada. Es ligera con un tama&ntilde;o muy c&oacute;modo. La conexi&oacute;n a WIFI es muy r&aacute;pida y estable.La recomiendo 100%.
tablet_coby|i use this to read comics and books. Comic books can be taxing on low end tablets, this is the one to get, right size and memory. You casn get some angry birds up on this piece too. forcing installs on androids creates alot of performance problems.You get more than what you paid for
tablet_coby|its ok i use it everyday but cant get netflix to work other then dat its fine u can still stream movies
tablet_coby|Well i was disappointed that google play doesn,t support this or vise versa. Nor can i get any scanner apps to load like qr driod for selling on Amazon. And also when you shuut down the unit you have to uninstall the amazon app because it won,t work again ounce its, turn back on.Netflix works great and so does ebay and the amazon store app. but the pens that i bought as a package deal doesn,t even when the setttings are set But the keyboard case works great however when the google browser is opened its near inpossable to close the window because the X is near the top edge .This unit really gets me mad when you try to download apps you need and i was close to sending it back because of that but if i had read the reviews i would of known that and thats why i give it 5 stars.AAnd thats because of the price and in this case its fine because i don,t have $3-5 hundred dollars to spend for one to do those things i need.perhaps they,ll fix the apps to work on this tablet soon. And i don,t understand why the google app store will not work because they have the google browser ? so it can,t be the trademark issue but rather than Amazon wants to control the app market on this unit (coby) its your choice in what you buy Good day
tablet_coby|Love my Tab.The only dislike is that it does not have the Google play store but downloaded E-Reader app from Getjar and got all my wanted Apps :)
tablet_coby|I have to reset it every time i use it because it freezes, getjar app does not have cool app much better play store app..is better spend a couple of dollars more and get the ipad
tablet_coby|Cons : Display is grainy, operating system is choppy, wifi is slow. Pros : 16.9 screen size nice, Ok for a starter tablet. Not what I expected, Their are better China tablets for under $ 200.00 and that includes shipping.
tablet_coby|because the product is goodI like it because it is very fastrecommend that the front camera is not
tablet_coby|I does not go on the internet does not pick up net flix the app store is not that good
tablet_coby|It sucked it crashed 4 times in 3 days . i Sent it back it was not as good as i thought it would be. It would not work with Google Play instead it used Getjar which sucks and doesnt have that many apps.
tablet_coby|took it to Paris France with me to keep up on my email. The hotels have free wifi, and I was able to browse the internet with ease. This is one of my favorite purchases ever.
tablet_coby|I bought 2 of these for Christmas for my kids. They loved them, easy to use and download games/ apps for 6-10 year olds. It also came in handy for my kids to get onto their school's website to do extra work; reading/ math. I was very disappointed in the beginning that they could not stream shows from netflix on them, but amazon android apps remedied that problem. If it came with access to google play or availability of more media apps in the getjar it would be better for an adult. I do recommend this for the price for young children as an introduction to tablet computing.
tablet_coby|I've only had this tablet for a few weeks but i'm liking what i see.The quality seems good and the screen is clear. All i do is surf online, and whatch videos.It does what it's suppost to do and holds it's charge.The price is right. My only complaint so far is that the camara is pretty bad,which i don't really care about anyways.
tablet_coby|Buenos D&iacute;as! Saludos Cordiales. La mercanc&iacute;a llego con la pantalla partida, debido a que la caja donde la colocaron para el env&iacute;o no tenia protecci&oacute;n. Las Bolsas de aire llegaron vac&iacute;as ocasionando que este no estuviera estable y al momento del manejo no le colocaron la acotaci&oacute;n de producto delicado. SOLICITO ME SEA SOLUCIONADO ESTE INCONVENIENTE.DAMELYS VAAMONDE
tablet_coby|I received this tablet yesterday and I have been very impressed. When I received the tablet I opened it up and turned it on it had full battery already! The only reason I give it 4 stars is because of the app store's lack of apps.
tablet_coby|BUEN PRODUCTO POR LA RELACI&Oacute;N CALIDAD-PRECIO, IDEAL PARA UN JOVEN O UNA PERSONA QUE SE EST&Eacute; INICIANDO EN EL USO DE LAS TABLETAS
tablet_coby|I had to return my first one , but they made it real easy to return and got me another one right away. And it looks like so far so good. I just love it. So much fun.
tablet_coby|This is great value. If you have a good wi-fi connection it works great. The big boxes charge 2x for same type unit.Plus the Big A gives you FREE SHIPPING/LIGHTING FAST DELIVERY
tablet_coby|I am very happy with my Coby. So far so good. Am learning how to use it, so will be. a new experien ce for me.
tablet_coby|okay, this is a great bargain tablet. got it for a hundred bucks at hh gregg. get-jar has thousands of apps and you can download the good e-reader app if you need more including fb and netflix. camera sucks but what to expect for a bill. overall very happy
tablet_coby|we had returned two separate tablets to our local Kohls store, they were poloroid android brand, they did not download, would freeze up, all sorts of issues with them. this was the first day of charging them.this little coby for the same price has done nothing but behave itself. we had bought these for our adult kids but now wish we would of gotten one for ourselves at this price instead of spending 350 bucks on one at best buy. the little coby works as well as our android expensive one. I would recommend it.
tablet_coby|she really likes it the only problem has been most of the apps have to be purchased were as with other tablets they are included
tablet_coby|amazing item ad and excellent gift to give to any body and looks very fine article to buy any time
tablet_coby|I love it!!! A great product that is so much better than more exspensive similar products! Why? Much more versitle than the exspensive tablets! So why not a 5 star rating? Two reasons, I haven't had it that long and two, Get Jar. Android really needs to rethink this app, it stinks! Otherwise, I love it!!! This tablet has no problem competing with the &#34;big boys&#34; of the tablet world. Great job Coby!
tablet_coby|I purchased this for my daughter and she is so very happy with it. It is very fast and the 8 inch screen is very clear and easy to see.
tablet_coby|I bought the tablet for my wife. She loves it! It has a lot of great features and is very easy to use right out of the box. My wife is very happy and I am happy with how quick and easy it was to order from the seller and amazon. I would recommend going with the 10.1 size bigger is always better. It does come with getjar and not google play, which was the only down side. We were able to get cool apps from amazon. Great product for the price.Buy this tablet you will not be disappointed.
tablet_coby|Tablet worked fine right out of the box, my only improvement area is the internet speed, it runs a little slower then my laptops!enjoyed having it while shopping, we could show stores we were at lower prices in other stores and they would price match, that saved us close to 100 dollars over the Christmas holiday. Wife kept in her pocketbook easy enough,Great reader, I am not a big reader but i enjoy reading on this,
tablet_coby|This product works great. We fired it up right out of the box and were easily able to connect wifi, download apps and its working great. I would recommend going to amazon app and downloading that to get your apps from, as getjar didn't work so well. All in all a great product! We have purchased 3 now, one for Grandma and 2 for daughters (8 and 7 yrs) very happy with this product.
tablet_coby|I got this tablet for my dad for Christmas. For less than $100 its an excellent little tablet, especially for my dad who won't do anything with it but check email, facebook, and his favorite car forums.I'd have given it five stars but for the issue with connecting to the wifi. I spent all Christmas day trying to get it to connect to the wifi with no luck. I browsed tons of similar questions on android forums and finally got it to say it is connected, with "excellent" connection, but webpages still don't work. It's definitely not our internet connection because all the laptops, computers and cell-phones in the house connect without any trouble. I was finally able to get him onto the internet with my mom's verizon wireless hotspot, but as of today still no luck connecting to the wifi. I'm waiting to see if he wants to try to return it for a new one.
tablet_coby|I refuse to pay Ipad, and Samsung Galaxy prices for a 14 year old knowing something else will be out soon. It came withit's fast enough for her.
tablet_coby|The coby kyros its a great and affordable tablet. It's fast, reliable and easy to use. The bad thing is that it didn't come with google play and the battery runs dry fast.
tablet_coby|Perfecta para lo que lo quer&iacute;a, excelente atenci&oacute;n, desde venezuela, se conecta a internet en perfectas condiciones y muy facil de manejar
tablet_coby|This at a glance does have its weakness, but people need to get a clue paying close to $100 for a 8 inch tablet and expecting a Galaxy are obviously going to be let down. I too must admit I was slightly miffed when I got mine home and discovered that google play wasn't included. Now thats not a big deal for mee I've dealt with that before with my phones and installing new software, lo and behold it did NOT want to be installed. After a very quick and very basic google search [...] I managed to get google play on the tablet but it was more like putting an angry cat into a pet taxi then an install. Anyway I thought why stop there and rooted the tablet. Now I can download almost anything and haven't met an app I couldn't run even high end games like Dead Space, Modern Combat 3 play just fine on it. Yes it is difficult and requires some work to get the tablet to that point, but that's part of the fun!For under $150 you can't really beat this unless you don't really know what your doing, (HDMI Output too!) in that case you still can't beat it because you won't be doing more then basic stuff anyway. My biggest complaint is lack of bluetooth, but with a dongle it can get the job done.
tablet_coby|I had to order 2 as last minute replacement gifts...not happy with the the GetJar App...over all not a bad tablet, but the lack of Google apps is a big downfall.
tablet_coby|I like the tablet, however it is a little slow and I had some issues with my angry birds games, had to reinstall two versions of the game. otherwise, it's good. I have to be careful not to install to many apps, otherwise the whole system seems to slow down.
tablet_coby|Exelente el producto e igual la atencion!!!Es un equipo muy completo lo recomindo, sobre todo para los que gustan de juegos super divertido
tablet_coby|Likes: Very affordable tablet that is simple and easy. Recommend it for those who are NOT power users or not so tech savvy. I have a few games on it for entertainment (Word Search, Flow, etc) but mostly use it for reading books (comes with reader installed), work documents (downloaded the Adobe PDF reader from Amazon), checking email. Really easy to move data/music on and off. Like not having to mess with ITunes account. We also bought the 9&#34; model and like it just as well.Dislike: camera is not very good. Have had some difficulty getting a connection at certain wifi spots. Also my son had othe same 10&#34; model. He tried to install some of the bigger games on it and it crashed. After spending some time on the phone with Tech suport we had to send it back. (by the way, Coby Tech Support were great!) He had to end up going with the IPad to handle his gaming-the Android games he was downloading aren't always compatible with the tablet.
tablet_coby|I got this for my daughter for Christmas. I was putting apps on it and it totally locked up. The power will not even shut off. She is going to be so disppointed.
tablet_coby|coby works really good, not as fast as samsung galaxy.but for me its perfect for the price. i cant complain, i love it, honestly.
tablet_coby|Everyone has an opinion I know, and I am no different. But this tablet was a gift to my picky wife and she is over the moon with it. Does everything she wants, big enough so she doesn't have to squint, and affordable enough to not break the bank. Probably one of the best purchases off Amazon ever. In fact, I am going to be buying one every month from now on to give to my employees. Does that tell you how much I liked it ????
tablet_coby|This came next day and it is perfect. I have bought it for my 5 year old as an alternative to the kids version. It connects to the internet, I have google play installed and have got a few educational apps ready for him. It is brilliant for him and he is going to love this on Christmas day.
tablet_coby|era lo que estaba buscando tal como lo describi&oacute; el vendedor, el producto esta en muy buenas condiciones sin ning&uacute;n defecto
tablet_coby|This is a fun toy to have. I use it to watch youtube videos and browse on the internet. Wish it had Google App Store. Serves my purposes.
tablet_coby|I like it thus far, it does what I expects it to do thus far and I look forward for it doing what I intend it to do
tablet_coby|It looks like a great table for the price, but I did not know that you can not use Google Play even is it is an android. I was very frustrated trying to set it up for my son and discovering that GetJar program for app that comes with it , it's not what I was looking for. It took me more than a few hours to realize that Google play wasn't going to work...finally I was able to instal Amazon App for android and that save my life!Now I am happier with it.Not parent control...Dislike.Not Google Play.....DislikeAmazon App ....YES, like it
tablet_coby|My 11 and 12 year old are loving their tablets. No need to pay all that money for a ipad mini. This has a reader and allows them to download many fun android apps
tablet_coby|It is a good product, the only one is that you can not down google play aplicationsI like it
tablet_coby|The package arrived as stated, and in good standing. It was a Christmas present for my daughter . Thank you
tablet_coby|The touch screen is a little quirky, but it seems like a good value for a basic tablet.There is a way to activate Google Play on the tablet without being a computer expert.You can do it in about 10 min. Instructions:1) on your computer download root_gapps_signed.zip from the following website: [...]2) on tablet go to settings > developer options and allow "USB debugging" by checking the box3) connect tablet to computer with USB cable and allow device to be used as external device4) place the root app "root_gapps_signed.zip" in the tablet (I placed in the internal memory)5) rename "root_gapps_signed.zip" to "update.zip"6) Go to Settings > About tablet > System updates > Install system update > From internal storage > Install now7) When I ran the updater, it gave me an error message indicating it could not find the file, if this happens, scroll down and select to run again8) after the update is complete, reboot9) using your tablet's web browser, go to google play (set up the account if necessary) and download your apps.Worked for me and it greatly increases the tablet's usability...
tablet_coby|llego en buen estado y es justo el mismo producto que aparece en la foto, vendedor responsable y con muy buenas odertas en sus productos
tablet_coby|This tablet does all that I need in a tablet computer:-) it has an ok benchmark rating using antutu . It plays video really well plays 3d games with ease. Overall pretty good tablet, however I think gogle should rethink letting developers use android without having the licensed versin because most users want acces to goolee play and also other google software. If this tablet had googe play I would give five stars thank you
tablet_coby|its a good size and cheap don't know what else you can expect out of a tablet this size and price. Does every thing my wife wants it to
tablet_coby|I am pleased with the product, but the capacity of the internal memory is not what you say. when connected to the pc, says I have 2GB of memory, not 4GB. Like when I see the memory capacity on the tablet. says 2gb. :S
tablet_coby|10.1 inch 16:9 version.The main bad reviews I saw was the lack of google play and multitasking. The lack of google play is true but it did not stop me from getting all the popular apps. Just search the web for the app you want plus the keyword &#34;apk&#34;. Then download and install. Netflix works flawlessly as well as the youtube &#34;official&#34; app, pandora and others. I had them all working within a few hours.Also was able to put all my mp3 on a micro-SD and these play without any trouble.Multitasking: no trouble listening to music while browsing and using other apps.External keyboard works perfect and the tablet (the 16:9 one) has both a full size and micro usb host.For scientists: there is a VerbTex Latex editor that works very well with external keyboard and you can get Anoc app to do Octave (MATLAB) programming. With Connectbot, you can ssh into external servers and edit/run code so you can actually work on these tablets. However, you do need an internet (wifi) connection active for these apps but this is an app limitation so you will have the same issue on anything more expensive.
tablet_coby|It will not connect to my home wireless for some reason, 2 nd one I got. And I'm not for sure on how to make it work. I put the issd adress & it still will not work at my home with the wireless-(charter). I really don't want to go to McDonalds to catch the internet. I want ti for home! No telelphone numbers to call & ask any question, I called the Coby Company, all they will say is return it!! Hello, it's your product!. My laptop connects fine to the wireless, so why doesn't this one. Which I had a number to call for help!
tablet_coby|Was disappointed at first because I felt this tablet was made for kidsand not adults. Then I read a review on resetting the system that involved quite a few steps that did not work for me. Then I remembered while bonding with the tablet, under settings,to backup and reset system,and the tablet I swiped clean! Go to Getjar, then to E-good reader, and you are all set to enjoy your tablet as I am!,
tablet_coby|As soon as you take this out of the box, stick a pin into the little reset hole on the side of the machine. It resets the system and you should have no trouble connecting to Wi-fi. If you do have trouble, the Coby customer service number is on a slip of paper inside the package. Super nice people, super fast service.
tablet_coby|Actully that tablet works fine, just wishes you would carry a keyboard/case for this unit. The one I ordered is wrong. Your really have to scroll down to the bottom on the description that tells you the keyboard won't work. I give Coby a good name, I just can't hande a touch screen keyboard Please advise me for the correct keyboard. Thank you.
tablet_coby|GOOD, SIMPLE TO USE PRODUCT.LIKE THE TOUCH SCREEN, VERY SMOOTH FLOW.GOOD FOR NEW OR SIMPLE USERS.LOTS OF APPS TO DOWNLOAD
tablet_coby|I like it as it was in my price range and it does so many different things and I can also take it along on travels. And also I like it for home use too. It does seem a little slow on downloading the etunes.
tablet_coby|El articulo llen&oacute; mis expectativas, lleg&oacute; sumamente rapido y Estoy muy satisfecho con mi compra, era igual al de la decripcion.
tablet_coby|I bought this as I travel to europe once a year and did not want to bother with my laptop...so far it works great, its harder to get free books for this one then it is for the kindle tho..
tablet_coby|You should know that the camera on this device is not for taking pictures. The camera is located on the same side as the display. It is designed for video conferencing application but not movies and pictures.That concern aside it is a great tablet for the money. It costs less than a Sony ereader and does four times as much.Four starts for confusing me about the camera.Here is an update: I have noticed that the corners are not as touch responsive as the middle. This is particularly frustrating on the Getjar appstore because the search function is up in the top corner. You still can't beat the value though.
tablet_coby|Coby Kyros you can surf the web, but to download music, videos and other applications its says, you do not have any applicatons, I assume when you pay that sort of money everything should come ready to go., not trying to figure out how to get the stuff loaded in order to have it functioning.But i do like it, however, I also thought that 10.1 would have been bigger, like a square and not oblong.
tablet_coby|This tablet was my first tablet ever and i was so happy with it. I paid like 172 dollars for it at the time i ordered it but it was worth the money. I can say that the only things i did not like about this tablet was the fact that it does not support Google Play, YouTube videos were tremendously slow when loading, and the camera quality sucked. Since i got majority of my apps from the Amazon App Store, i was ok with not having Google Play. I never really use YouTube that much either so that was fine with me, and also i never used the camera so this tablet was just right for me. All and all, if you dnt mind not being able to use Google Play then i recommend this tablet for you, especially if you are on a budget and want a nice tablet to have. The games i had worked great and the screen quality is awesome. If you want to get a tablet for a child, this is even better because my 5 year old niece and 6 year old cousin LOVES this tablet and never wants to give it back to me :)
tablet_coby|Unfortunately I was looking to download skype and couldn't, I called them and they do not have the license for skype, so I had to return it... but I truly like it. Skype was the feature I was hoping for the most. But is a very good product really!!!...
tablet_coby|This Coby device does all my wife wanted in a device and still comes in under 100 bucks. I had a good time setting it up for her. She can now check email and surf the web without havin to wait until the computer finally decides to finish booting up. Almost instant gratification.
tablet_coby|I have an earlier version of this but wanted to be able to download some apps, etc., that required Android 4.0. It was less expensive to buy a new one than it would have been to upgrade the original one!This one fills the bill...for now, at least. In 2 or 3 years, I may want a 6.0 or whatever comes out next but this does all I need to do currently.Thank you for an excellent shopping adventure.... again!
tablet_coby|I bought it as a gift for someone and they love it! I recommend this product as a gift if they want internet on the go.
tablet_coby|exc tablet for the money... as an e-reader its great, as good as any other tablet... the browser is a bit slow when surfing the internet... but i can read any book easily and even play angrybirds with no delay whatsoever
tablet_coby|the tablet was pathetic but if you follow his advice and delete factory defaults and the tablet works great. still little slow to respond when typing but can get all the you would like. and well worth the price!!!
tablet_coby|Let's get this out of the way: average tablet, average score. It's not a Nexus 7 or a Kindle Fire.That said, it's got pretty solid but plastic-y build quality, and the screen is remarkably responsive. The GetJar app store is passable, and the Amazon App Store is worth far more, but what counts is whether you can get the Android Play Store on it, and I'm happy to report that you can.It's a little involved, and I wouldn't recommend it for people that are scared of command line windows, but with a small amount of effort you can have a great little Android 4.0 tablet with full Play Store access. There's an entire thread on it at AndroidTablets.net and the step by step instructions have been posted: [...]You can play Minecraft PE and it works perfectly. No problems with video playback and I can give the kids more storage space by popping in an SD card. I haven't tried Netflix yet, but that should work. I think we'll be plenty good for a preschooler and a kindergartener...older kids would be better suited with a more full-featured tablet.
tablet_coby|Me encant&oacute;! Excellent for the price! It arrived really fast! 5 starsOf course, if you want something better, you just have to pay more!
tablet_coby|Bought for M-I-L to have access to the internet and email. Combined with the case with keyboard -- great item.Easy to set up.
tablet_coby|Bought this little diddy at a big box retailer for $60. It is AWESOME!! A tad slow, but for the price, I got nothing to complain about. Hooked up to internet easily and did what it said it would Liking it LOTS
tablet_coby|Buena Tabla para el precio.....De tama&ntilde;o adecuado...De f&aacute;cil uso, dentro de lo que cabe...Recomendable para ver correos y videos...
tablet_coby|Was nice hardware but I am having to learn the software. It was a bit difficult but once I understand it works well.
tablet_coby|this is an inexpensive tablet that has a lot of versitility but yet simple to operate. Great for older people thatare challenged by today's technology. Love the case/keypad, works great on wi-fi networks . Would highly recommend for anyone wanting to surf the web, do e-mail or games
tablet_coby|I got the tablet several days ago,it is very good in use.But i want to know how to find and use the micro SD memory card that has been into the tablet,and how to download staffs into the card but not the tablet itself.Since my english is no very good,please help me.
tablet_coby|Pros: screen is colorful, easy to use, has usb port/micro sd card slot/micro usb portCons: unable to 'borrow' books from the library, but able to download free booksIt's good for basic e-reader, listening to your own music, and for accessing whatever games, apps, etc. that will actually install/load. I was finally able to run Pandora with a very strong internet connection and was finally able to install angry birds via getjar.I thought going with the 10 inch size would be the right choice, but now I wish I would have gone with the standard 7 inch as it seems that it would be easier to hold.Also, the usb port is read only- I could not figure out a way to transfer data to or from it.
tablet_coby|For the money the quality of the item is self isn't bad, but it is not Google approved and any official Google app such as Google Play (Marketplace), maps, etc. will not work with it. I even downloaded them and tried to run them. The apps are specifically designed not to run on this device. I spent a entire day doing research to root the device, but could not find any way to do this either.If you want a movie player or something for surfing the web, this device is fine for that and with the built in USB port, you can use a full sized keyboard or other devices easily.I would have given 4 stars had it been able to run the most popular apps in the world...
tablet_coby|I purchased this as my first tablet device and then found out after registering that it is "discontinued" by the manufacturer! Other than this litle hickup, everything works fine and is a great little device for reading my schol books or serfing the web or even watching a movie (which I stil have to figure out).Again, this is overall a good little devic!
tablet_coby|I bought 2 of these tablets for my nephews for Christmas. As they are kids and I am their Aunt and not their Mom, I wanted to get a tablet that would give them everything they needed without costing an arm and a leg. I did research on these and thought this would be a good option. I was wrong. It does not come with Google Play. You have to root the device to add it. You can add Amazon Appstore pretty simply, but every time the tablets are turned off and back on the appstore as to be uninstalled/reinstalled to work. It comes with an app store called GetJar which online appears to have most of the apps they would want. However, many of these are not compatible with this tablet, including Angry Birds. I am returning these. I would rather spend a little more and get them something with more options.
tablet_coby|This tablet is a waste of money the touch screen responce is slow and choppy also wick is slow.bate it
tablet_coby|My wife is letting me order an Android tablet for my birthday so I was aiming for a $150 spending limit. I found this tablet and thought that it would be a nearly perfect fit. The specs looked good, a 10.1 inch display, I was won over. However when showing the link to my dad after I ordered it he pointed out the it does NOT have the Android Play Store on it. I thought no big deal. It's an Android tablet, how hard is it to get the play store downloaded? Biggest pain in the rear end ever... I picked up the package from the post office and gave up after a few hours. As far as I know there is no way to get the play store on there unless you root/jailbreak it; but even then the chances of it working are extremely slim. I tried out the GetJar store that comes with in instead of the PlayStore. WASTE OF TIME. They have the worst selection you could possibly find. Even a shoe store has a better selection of canned goods than GetJar has apps. My phone, which is outdated if not soon, can surf the internet faster than this tablet could. The only redeeming feature it had was the 10.1 inch screen. So unless your going to use it only for email/internet with little to no app downloading then dont bother. I had it for a few hours and then I put in right back in the box and shipped it away to get my money back.
tablet_coby|I like it very much, but I wish I could download google play and itunes a lot of apps I want and I can not get.
tablet_coby|This is my second time buying. This tablet is really great for web browsing and a little video browsing and a few pictures here and there. 10 inch version was amazing, this 7 inch one had a little issue. I'll list the cons and pros below.CONS--Screen lighting, screen is way to dark even when put on the full setting- Camera is flipped upside down. There is no way fixing that, that is how it was manufactured, I'm not sure if it was just mine or everybody's but it is upside down.- NO ANDROID STORE, ONLY GETJAR APP PLACE.-PlasticPROS-- Light weight-Cheap- Easy to carry- Easy to cleanFor the price this product is just find. But if you have the money, don't waste it buying this, save up a few more hundred and get a much better one.
tablet_coby|I bought this to show clients a product I provide through Google Street View. This would not properly display Google Streetview and really wouldn't install any Google Apps. I rooted the device and was able to install through Google Play, but still they did not act right. I sold product for a loss since Amazon doesn't allow returns of this device.
tablet_coby|I tried this on a trip, I hated it. Wifi pickup was sketchy at best, and very slow. I sent it back and bought an Ipad.
tablet_coby|I have had this tablet for a year. I purchased a tablet for my wife, but returned it. I purchased the same Cosby Kyros 7 inch tablet for my wife and she loves it. She, and I, enjoy the Kindle app I installed on it. The tablet is awesome..and highly recommend for anyone that doesn't want to purchase a more expensive one.
tablet_coby|After reading all the reviews in late December, I was almost afraid to purchase this 8&#34; coby tablet.Then I read further reviews that I can confirm what they had said , and yes there IS Adobe Flash installed when I received it, it is well made and designed, glass panel, HDMI output, computer to tablet cable included to move apps to the tablet or sd card and more.I paid $115 it is now $109. That is a steal!! This is a touchscreen 8&#34; diag tablet that instantly connected to my wifi router, Had good apps installed on it and if you just google apps w/the .apk at end you will find many sites that carry the same apps as googleplay (which does not work if unrooted). So, many many aps out there. Total internet surfing. Great game playing.Yes the battery life is about 2 hours, but you can plug in and still use, plus it charges pretty quick.If this goes below $100 w free shipping I may get another as backup.Just do your homework and the solutions to most problems are there!Nice.Now, I hope I didn't jinx my tablet.I will update when trying out the 1080p video on my tv.Buy it, its inexpensive and works. Dollar Tree sellls the stylus for , well, a buck.
tablet_coby|NOT REALLY HAPPY WITH THIS PRODUCT BECAUSE IT DOES NOT HAVE THE GOOGLE PLAY STOREINSTALLED ON IT OR I CANT FIND IT SO I CANT GET APPS FOR THE ANDROID
tablet_coby|After having bought this tablet, I am wishing I hadn't. I wish I had saved up the extra few hundred dollars (maybe less) and purchased a better quality tablet. It's good if you need a tablet for practicality. I am used to the Apple Store and Google Play, having owned both an iphone and an android. So, seeing only &#34;GetJar&#34; did not seem that bad. However, the app selection is wanting. I didn't think not having access to that many applications would bother me that much, but it's limiting. I can't even download my beloved Firefox :( It doesn't look good and doesn't have the button in the center. I didn't listen to the other reviews, but you should and spend a little bit more for a better quality tablet.
tablet_coby|The hardware is great, very fast, but doesn t include play store. This means apps in this tablet are not very good.
tablet_coby|Really, really disappointed in the product and performance. Very heavy, battery drains incredibly fast, apps are negligible and bad, and connectivity is slow and sometimes non-existant. My Kindle is so much better all the way around. I also have an android smartphone that performs so much better than the Kyros. I expected a better product.
tablet_coby|Maybe I am naive but I expected an Android tablet to run the most rudimentary Android apps. Not so with this we;; built pile of junk. Customer service flat out informed me to buy a different tablet if I want BASIC FUNCTIONALITY (such as Gmail Calendar let alone sync). Forget Google Play, you get the &#34;Get Jar&#34; which has a pitiful assortment of apps that make this tabled as disappointing as it is useless.RETURNED THE DAY OF DELIVERY. It was THAT bad.
tablet_coby|Yep I got this thing as my first introduction to tablet computing and it basically sucks. My iPhone is like 1000% FASTER. It is sooo dang slow it's like trying to load the internet on a 486 computer from 1995, over dial up. I'm thinking of lighting it on fire but I don't think that's environmentally responsible to I will probably sell it on ebay for like $1 plus shipping. The only thing this could possibly be good for is maybe book reading from Amazaon. Oh did I mention you can't use the google app down loader? Only the the Amazon one will work and it takes a little effort to get that installed even. If there was a 1/2 star I would pick that this thing is so bad. $109 down the drain and lesson learned I guess. Save up and buy the cheapest iPad don't make the same mistake I made.
tablet_coby|It's pretty much what I expected BUT the touch screen is not very sensative. Sometimes I have to sit there and tap on it about 5 to 10 times in the same spot before it recognizes that Im even trying to do something.
tablet_coby|I am very happy with my Coby. Never had a tablet before...they are a little user unfriendly but I am getting the hang of it. I did buy a case/stand and keyboard but I am unable to connect keyboard to my tablet as the USB connector does not fit. I thought they were all standard but I guess not. I am not sure what to do now except do they make converters from the large USB connector on the keyboard down to a smaller connection on the tablet???? Otherwise I am happy.
tablet_coby|I bought 2 of them, they aren't full feature tablets but for basic it's good, their G-sensor is not so good, screen is tricky (it took me a while to adapt to it 'cause it's no 100% accurate and I didn't find how to calibrate), don't have bluetooth but WI-FI is good. Works for Skype. I bought two keyboard USB cases and I had to buy a couple of OTG cables (tablets have micro-USB port and even doing that, one didn't make them work. It doesn't include Play Market by default but it can be solved by googling a bit or installing other. One last thing, if used for too much time for watching videos, gaming or something that demands high performance, it'll get really hot so I'd not recommend to leave it on your bed to avoid overheating
tablet_coby|I bought this tablet for my mother as a Christmas gift. She used it for a total of 2-3 days, and then the device completely shut off. I kept the receipt and returned it to Coby warranty. It took several weeks for Coby to get back to me. They told me that I would have to send a $15 money order so the company could replace the device with a new tablet.I would never recommend this company to anyone. The tablet is also very unimpressive - the screen and icons are dull and it isn't easy to use.
tablet_coby|I bought this for my husband and he loves it. And for the price it's great. It does all the necessary.
tablet_coby|Even though the tablet ( Coby Kyros 7-inch Mid7048-4 ) is not the fastest or has the brightest screen, I have found that so far it is performing beyond expectations considering the price. I had purchased the same model just a week before but when it arrived it was defective so I returned it and ordered this one although the price was significantly more. But when it arrived and I began setting it up for my wife to use I found it was more responsive than either her Nook Color or the Kindle Fire for the apps that she will be using. The android 4.0 makes it easy to customize the display and although it doesn't come with the Google Apps store it is possible with a bit of know how to get a version that will work on this little machine. It's advantages as far as my wife is concerned are the Small form factor, the light weight, and the thinness of the unit making it easy to slip into her purse, a coat pocket or a bookbag. I would suggest looking for a 7-inch form factor enclosure like a Gator, Duraclose, or any number of other suppliers just to had a bit more durability to the e-reader.
tablet_coby|I was looking for a tablet that I could use for reading books and occasionally watching Netflix. I did my homework and was a bit leary of this product and it's reviews but figured I'd give it a try. I was pleased with what I recieved. It handles nicely and I would compare it to a bigger version of an itouch. You do have to be tech savvy enough to either download Amazon appstore (very easy) or Android appstore (takes a bit more work) but after that it's an awesome tablet for the price.
tablet_coby|So far I think I like it. I am very green on this so I have more questions than answers. I have downloaded several (aps) games but I don't see them when I go to the aps page. Under favorites it is blank. How do I connect with facebook? I put in my e-mail address and password but it doesn't come up. I did get e-mail to work and the internet. If anyone can help me I would appreciate it.
tablet_coby|My son, who is 28 years old, loves this think. He broke his, he is saying it is MUCH better than his last one.
tablet_coby|Loved it and it was good for the price.Could not ask for more.I would buy another when the time comes.
tablet_coby|My Coby Kyros 10" is 1.5 yrs old. I have struggled with it from the get go as I could never figure out how to get Adobe flash on it. It was very frustrating.Last week I read Amazon's reviews and learned how great the Amazon Store aps work with Androids since the arrival of the Kindle Fire. So I cleared my Coby (look in the privacy tab) and started over.WOW what a difference! I can now get everything I want: Netflix, Pandora, Skype, etc.Thanks to so many who talked about it here!
tablet_coby|If you don't need something with a lot of frills and speed then this is more than enough! I wanted something we could take with us on vacations and trips and not worry about lugging around a laptop that could easily break. This Coby Kryos does not feel cheap or flimsy, I was more than happy when it arrived. It is a bit slow on the internet, but no different than a 4G cell phone. The picture quality is also very nice!Also, it does have a USB port, I don't know why people say it doesn't. I just ordered one of the keyboard cases that you can prop up and turn the tablet into a laptop of sorts. The keyboard plugs in via the USB port.
tablet_coby|I got this as a Christmas present. I wanted an inexpensive tablet to see if it would compare or replace my smartphone or laptop. I found the instructions somewhat confusing and it was hard to set up things like on my other devices. Within a few days it had slowed to a crawl and even simple things like ebay or Amazon took forever. I was ready to either throw this against the wall or put it on ebay.But then.......I went into the setup menu and cleared the cache and cookies in the privacy&security settings.I also deleted my saved apps. Then I pushed in the reset button and rebooted it. Voila !!! like magic I had a tablet. Apps ran at good speeds and I was pretty happy. My brother brought over his Ipad mini and I compared the two. The ipad was way faster and felt better, but it also costs more than twice as much. So before you pitch yours , try resetting it.
tablet_coby|I've had this tablet for about a week now, and I have no idea what all the bad reviews are about. It's perfect for getting on the internet, facebook, playing games, reading, and probably more things that I haven't figured out yet. I got this tablet to get on the internet at school between classes. It isn't as good as a laptop, but for about $115 I wouldn't expect it to be. The only problems I've had so far are (ironically) with the amazon appstore and the tablet has frozen up twice. The amazon appstore gets stuck, and you have to clear the data out and log back into your amazon account. The tablet has only frozen up when I was charging the device while using it. Lesson learned; don't do that. It charges nicely while off or in sleep mode; in fact, it seems to charge faster while in sleep mode. The battery does run down quickly with constant use but I can use it for about 3 hours a day and only have to charge it up at night. Don't freak because GetJar sucks and it doesn't have GooglePlay; get the amazon appstore and 1mobilemarket and you're set. You might want to download Avast for mobile devices; it scans downloading apps to make sure they're not malware and it's free! The 8 inch size is perfect for students; the tablet fits neatly into a backpack and is small enough to use even on those tiny desks some classrooms have.
tablet_coby|Its ok for a starter tablet....but not worth the money! I expected more for the amount...will do more research next time.
tablet_coby|Honestly, because of the price, I was expecting less, but I was pleasantly surprised. I am an IT pro, and was able get it on exchange, my VPN, surf the internet, etc etc. I am pleased with the response/speed, hasnt crashed on me yet. Two things, however: you can not get on google play, and getjar is very limited. The alternative: 1mobile. that has lots of good apps. I found a good amount of free ebooks, as well. Can watch full movies on crackle, and even live TV with certain apps. Overall I am very happy with the product, but like anything else, someone can hand you a ferrari and if you cant drive youll wreck it then say the car sucks.
tablet_coby|I give it 3 stars because it seems to work great for the price. I replaced my Kindle Fire for this just to get Flash and other Android Apps. It loses a star because it doesn't access the Google Play store, but I found most of the free apps I was looking for on the Good E-Reader App store and some good paid apps on the Amazon Apps store.It loses another star because the tech support is lousy. After a week of using the tablet, it shut itself down (despite having a full charge) and wouldn't power up or reset when I followed the manual trouble shooting instructions. I replaced it with Amazon's return policy, and had the same symptoms a week after getting a replacement. Ready to give up, I called the customer support from the manufacturer, and they didn't have a clue. What neither the phone customer support rep nor the manual mentioned is that there's a tiny paperclip reset button on the side next to the HDMI port. It fixed my power problem. It was mentioned on their website, but it should have been in the manual and the phone support rep should have known about it. I shouldn't have had to keep digging for that answer.The Amazon App store is buggy on it. The Apps purchased from the store seem to periodically uninstall themselves randomly, causing you to have to re-download them. Every time I exited it or shut down the tablet, the App interphase disappears. I had to clear the data and re-register just to get it working again. And then I had to manually delete the old registrations from my Amazon account online. One good thing about the bug, the purchased apps work despite the disappearing app store interphase problem, which was fine with me because there is no way to sign out of the app store or restrict my kids from purchasing apps once I've registered. I found that an older version of the Amazon app store worked on the tablet, but still didn't have a feature allowing users to sign out, so I re-installed the version with the disappearing app store interphase bug, just to keep my kids from purchasing apps. Amazon needs to fix both the disappearing interphase problem and include a feature to either sign out or restrict the purchasing of apps. The way the store works now, it only restricts existing in-app purchasing, but not the purchasing of new apps.
tablet_coby|After owning a Acer A500 for nearly two years, and then losing it to a horrible death by sudden impact, i found myself on the market again for a tablet. I thought I would give the lower price range tablets a try due to financial concerns. I have to say initially I was very much hoping that I would just go straight over to this coby and not have a issue. Wrong..... For the first week it kept turning on and off intermittently (and at the worst times), then it would freeze and need to be restarted. I hated the thing and was ready to return it. However, after the initial 30 or so reboots i think that it finally had the libraries where it wanted them to be. I really feel like i got a good deal for the money. I dont use face book so i cant say how that works, but I do stream netflix, I do play a ton of apps ( forget using the amazon appstore its not worth it and i used it religously before the change over), and i listen to tons of music. It does all of these things great. I have found new appstores GOOD E Reader appstore is a good one to start with. It does all of these things just fine. It has a really good sound from the one external speaker it has. I havent even used the camera so cant speak for that.One other thing i love about this tablet over the acer is the case it is all plastic and one piece the acer was a two part shell that snapped together, this caused many unnecesary problems with moisture and dust and what not.
tablet_coby|I purchased this item as a gift. We haven't had a chance to utilize it yet but from what I've seen as I opened the product to charge it was well worth the spending.
tablet_coby|I was pleasantly surprised with the functions of this tablet. It meets all of the requirements that I needed for my mother. When ordering the tablet I purchased it in a bundle with a memory card and a keyboard case. I would have thought that if they were bundled together that they would work together. The memory card worked but the keyboard/case connection was a standard USB and the tablet only has a micro USB connection. Before I could give it as a gift I also had to find the adapter to make the connection. I would have thought that this would have been part of the bundle instead of misleading people into believing that the items in the bundle would all match. When notifying Amazon was instructed that I needed to contact the manufacturer that they have a missing part. This is also misleading because the product manufacturer did not bundle the items and was not responsible for having parts to match with other manufacturer items.
tablet_coby|I got this for my 10 year old son for christmas! I opened it and have been playing with it for over a hour . I think he's really going to enjoy it. I was very worried after reading all the bad reviews that I was going to very unhappy , I'm really happy that's not the case . Nice gift for under 120.00 :-)
tablet_coby|i bought a nezus google and it worked maybe five times and it would not turn on or off. I took it back and got another one, only to have the same thing happen after using it two times. I sent that one back also and told them to credit my account and I ordered the coby. After ordering it I decided to check out some reviews on it. I read the screen was not good and it was very slow. Well I got it yesterday and I got to say, they were wrong. I love it!!! The screen is clear, it turns on fast and I am very pleased with it. Thank you thank you. Sam Davis
tablet_coby|I enjoy this tablet. It's user friendly and compact. It serves every purpose a tablet should. There is not a rear facing camera so recording could pose an issue. My pics are otherwise nice. I love it!
tablet_coby|I purchased this tablet as a gift and it works great! I love the screen resolution, weight and pre-loaded apps. Even for a novice, this tablet is easy to navigate and use PLUS it has lots of storage! I'm very impressed and I'm a self-proclaimed &#34;techie&#34;!! No regrets with this purchase so far!
tablet_coby|When I first ordered this tablet I was concerned about how well it would work how fast the Internet was how I could download apps ect. When I got it I was amazed fast Internet big screen easy touch and as long as u download the amazon AppStore u can get any app u want. Although the camera is bad, its so much fun! I think it's just as good as a $500 ipad maybe better there r certain things (mostly apps) this tablet has that an iPad doesn't.I mean come on this thing costs less than an itouch! It's definitely worth it dont u think? If u r looking for the best deal, look no more!!! Hope u found this helpful :)
tablet_coby|When i received this tablet, I was like YES! Then I looked for apps on GetJar which is pre-loaded onto it. GetJar is terrible. Download Amazon APP it has all the apps you should ever need. After trying to "jailbreak" it to add Google Play (with no avail) I was about to toss it. Then I figured out to use Amazon APP. Works wonderful and for the price you cant beat it. I previously bought a "refurbished" Google pad with Google Play store on it and within a month it crashed and just completely stopped working. It made me leery about buying another non IPAD tablet but in the end it all worked out. I am very pleased with my $150 purchase. Please read the reviews and know what you are getting. DOES NOT HAVE GOOGLE PLAY STORE! USES GetJAR(LAME) IF YOU BUY IT DOWNLOAD AMAZON APP. Nice tablet for the price.
tablet_coby|I love this tablet, nice clear brite screen and has so many features, and I have yet to explore it fully. It surfs the web smoothly and swiftly with its snappy prossesor. Quality feels very good. So far all I can say I am really happy with my purchase, and recommend this tablet to anyone who is looking to save a little money, compared to kindle , and still have an awsome tablet, with many of the same great features.
tablet_coby|I have been looking for a tablet for about 6 months before I purchased this one. I must have read every review on Amazon about it. Some reviews were good and some were just bad. I was all set to purchase the Google Nexus 10, but the production problems, and even with the Nexus 7, kept me from buying one of those now. I will buy one or the other in the next version. I bought the COBY 7048 for about $92. As cheap as they were listed on Amazon or Ebay. It is what it is, an inexpensive tablet. I have found that I can use the basic apps for email, documents to go, facebook, browse the internet without probles. The WIFI isn't an issue for me in my house. The size is what you would one handed. It isn't heavy as I read in bed or watch a video on HBO.go or Netflix. My only complaint is the battery life. I get about 2.5 hours on a long overnight charge with heavy web browsing usage. I would honestly rate this an OK tablet. If what you want is a basic tablet with a more than just a reader, then get this one for the right price. I also bought the COBY tablet case. It is very well made and was cheaply priced on Amazon.
tablet_coby|Totally disappointed. Camera sucks, apps hard to load, mini usb quit working on third day after slight knock. Most of flash memory used up by os, will not write to my sd card. Internet connection spotty. I would not recommend this to my worst enemy.
tablet_coby|Got this to replace a Kyros 1125 whose touchscreen was ruined by absentmindedly leaving it for a month in an airtight sleeve right by an open window during summer. The 1125 had been my workhorse tablet and this looks to be a good replacement. I appreciate the full-sized usb slot added, and having the latest version of the Android OS is great.The frame of the 1125 seemed a bit more durable as the 1042 has a more plastic-like finish in its construction, but that appears to makes it lighter and that is useful for a 10-inch tablet. The loss of the 1125's various fixed button controls on the face-frame is no big deal as I often pressed them by accident when changing grips while reading.Resolution is not the greatest, but it works very well as a comic reader. Perfect Viewer was quite fast in both display and taking in a large collection of comics, so the machine does not feel underpowered at all.Aldiko and other useful apps come pre-installed. No significant bloat.As warning to prospective buyers, while Coby tablets lack the official Google apps and marketplace, the 1125 Kyros could easily have these added by just installing a few files, without need for rooting or any tinkering with the OS. The 1042 however cannot install Google Play, the Gmail app, etc with similar ease. I tested instead the GetJar app marketplace offered and found it quite lacking. Several favorite apps that I had read GetJar carried could however not be found. Sure, you can get Angry Birds, but no Perfect Viewer, no Cool Reader. But the Amazon marketplace installed without problem, and so did the SlideMe and GoodeReader markets, so I could get all the free apps I sought.Navigation of the file system is a bit clumsy. Unlike in my Coby Kyros 7 incher, the file manager did not show me in easy to access fashion the contents of my slotted 16GB SD card. I had to go and look for it in the &#34;mnt&#34; folder. Once the apps had the path saved it proved no problem anymore, but I wonder if my having just moved over the card from my older 1125 without cleaning its contents cause that. Anyway, you have to go up the folders path but you can access the card, just know that it will shown as &#34;extsd&#34; in &#34;mnt&#34;.More comments to follow as I work more with it.
tablet_coby|The Coby Kyros 10inch tablets were purchased for gifts to grandchildren. they found them easy to set up and was playing within an hour.good so far.
tablet_coby|linked up to wifi fast, fun little thing to play with for the $$ but don't expect to hook it to a keyboard, your phone, ipod or anything because there's no bluetooth. My fault for not reading the specs better. But return was easy.
tablet_coby|is missing the rear camera and 3G slot, for others lol is a good option, emusic store for coby, only available in USA
tablet_coby|I bought this tablet for my mom for Christmas on Cyber Monday. I got a really great deal for what I thought I was getting. When my mom opened the tablet on Christmas, my brother (a major techie) started playing with it and showing my mom how to use it. He soon realized that the &#34;Android&#34; Coby was using for this tablet wasn't the Android that most people are used to. Android is open source and anyone can take it and make changes to it. That's what Coby did. They don't use the Play Store (like the majority of Android powered devices) and we still haven't found a way to download it. My brother told my mom and I that he can root the tablet and change it to the Android that we know and love, but that takes time and skill. Other than the Android problem, we like the tablet. It has clear graphics and an ok camera, although it doesn't have a back-facing camera, only a front facing. I would recommend this tablet for anyone that doesn't care whether or not they are getting a legitimate Android operating system or can take the time to root it.
tablet_coby|I got the Coby Kyros tablet as a present for a family member. When they first opened it up everything appeared to be working. The screen looked fine and the screen response was perfect, but then when we tried to connect it to WiFi the problems started. We would connect it to the appropriate signal but then immediately after that the the tablet would say &#34;not in range&#34;. So, we tried again only this time she sat right next to the wireless router and it said the exact same thing. The only good thing was that Amazon has an easy and painless return policy for gifts.
tablet_coby|Bought it for my husband who is 85yrs. of age. He mainly uses it for reading books, music any games. Great itm for the money.
tablet_coby|Not amazing, but you get a good deal for the price. The only thing is the OS is not native android.
tablet_coby|The screen was very slow in responding and some parts of the screen didn't respond at all. It was very badly calibrated, I think. The lack of app support doesn't help either.
tablet_coby|Thankfully Amazon allowed me to replace it..... twice.... when it is working it's not a bad tablet for games and simple things. Not very fast internet loses connection often and freezes often as well. Once games are downloaded the work 95% of the time but also freeze up time to time. My first tablet worked ok for about a month then just stopped charging and holding a charge amazon replaced it. The second one they sent me lasted about a week before little white lines began to run across the screen at random amazon replaced it again thankfully. I am now on #3 have had it about 2 weeks now finding the same problems I had in the beginning before the charging problems and same problems as on the second as far as being slow and freezing often. Not very impressed.
tablet_coby|This was a late Mother's Day present for me. I have wanted a tablet for a while but to me a table is a "want", in other words not needed if you have an Android phone and a PC. I couldn't ever justify buying one for myself so my wonderful Hubby did it for me!I got the tablet 2 days ago. I am not sure why other people can't download the apps that I have but here is what I did. I opened it up and charged it for a few mins. Then I connected it to my home WiFi with no problem. I d/l Dolphin browser, Amazon App Store, Netflix, and several other apps from amazon.I restarted the Tablet and checked Netflix to see if it worked and it did no problem. Kindle worked and all of the other apps worked. I noticed several reviews stating that Netflix and Kindle wouldn't work and I am not sure why they had problems.The only downfall I see is that the internet is slow and freezes a lot when browsing. I'm not sure if it is the tablet or my internet. I am thinking my router is going bad so that may be the problem. I am searching for a solution online and will update when I figure out which is which.No you can't have Google Play Store but Amazon App Store, 1Mobile, and GetJar are sufficient for me. I have Google Play on my EVO 4G but rarely use it as I prefer Amazon. Amazon also has the Free app of the day and I have gotten many high $$ apps for free from them. IMHO Google Play is overrated.My Man paid one hundred ninety-five dollars for this tablet and I think it was definitely worth it! I would recommend this to anyone wanting a reasonably priced tablet - totally not worth $400+ for others when you can get this one.I have read you can root and add a Titanium Rom to these tablets to make them run smoother and process faster. I feel sure I will do this someday when I read enough about it to understand how to.
tablet_coby|I purchased this tablet for my 12 year old son. I was a little worried about the available apps after reading some of these reviews. I have a Samsung GSIII and he uses it for games and watching Netflix. I read reviews that stated that some apps weren't available through the Get Jar app, which I found to be true, but I was able to download the Amazon app store. Once I did this I was able to download a couple apps including Netflix that I wasn'table to through Get Jar. I watched about 20 minutes of a movie on Netflix with the only issue being it took a little longer than my phone to start the movie. Once going it was fine, though every once in a while the video would get a little fuzzy but then correcedt itself. You Tube was a little slow to get going, but it seems to want to load the full video before playing, once it started playing the video quality was good.Internet browsing was ok, but again I downloaded the Opera browser from Amazon and it seemed smoother. Sometimes the tablet seemed to lose connectivity, but quickly picked it right back up.I don't think people wanting something to run regular apps without messing around with the tablet will be happy with this unit, but if you are the type that likes to modify your Android devices and know the tricks its a good tablet for the price.
tablet_coby|Coby kyros 7" MID7048 tablet is awesome, cheap and good looking. I liked it.Just few days back I received from Amazon, good thing is within two days I got this. Coby tablets had GetJar app from which you can download lots lots of apps.Its worth taking this tablet, it does all you want like ( Games, social networking, browsing, watching movies , video chat( skype ).....Try it...it's cheap and worth I felt.( but dont expect more and compare with other high end tablets)Thanks
tablet_coby|I had a Coby Kyros from my job's reward center,and I'm glad I didn't have to pay and was able to send it back. First of all it has an Android operating system, but it has it's own set of apps that are not your normal apps! I had to go online to find out how to get the Android market to work, and still the unit didn't accept apps well, or at least it wouldn't work properly after loading up. I never could get Netflix to run unless I wait 10min after uploading, and other games or streaming movies would run in slow motion and then shut down entire tablet. I'd have to turn back on. Camera is only for skype, cause you can't see what you are recording. Most of my apps would work for a while and then go back to the home screen without me shutting it down. No I will never buy this one. You get what you pay for, It's Cheap for a reason. I even added a SD card for extra memory, still didn't help.
tablet_coby|Nobody tells you can't install google play store. The apps I need are sold only by google play and for some reason &iquest;? the app store from google can not be installed in a Coby tablet. The app store that comes with the tablet (getjar) is useless. It was a waste of money because now I need to buy another brand tablet that comes with the play store. About 4 weeks ago I sended an email to coby tech support and I'm still waiting for an answer...... I do not recommend anybody to buy a Coby tablet.
tablet_coby|I bought this to have for the whole family for Christmas, but mostly for my 2 year old. I didn't want to spend a lot of money on a tablet that I was going to give a 2 year old free reigns with so when I saw that this one was rated well, I decided to go with it. I absolutely hated it for the first few days. The Zoodles Kid Mode app that I really wanted for him installed, but then I couldn't open any of the games. It's not a google supported tablet so it doesn't have google play on it, it comes with Getjar (which has almost none of your standard apps).I finally decided to install the Amazon app store and things are much better! Zoodles works and now I have facebook, pinterest and pandora apps. Getjar is horrible so be sure to install amazon right away and this tablet will be great! It is a little slow, but works well for what we need it for. I do recommend this tablet!
tablet_coby|I bought this Coby Kyros Mid-7048-4 model last week. I was impressed the battery was fully charged when I took it out of the box. That was a thoughtful gesture from Amazon. No problems so far. Very fast connecting with Wi-fi and I already put it 18 movies (via 32gb micro sd) and worked well. It has some apps already installed (basics), but lots of possibilities to advance for more apps out there. I bought this mainly for email checking and watching movies. The battery lasted at least 6 hours of movie watching (surprisingly). The only cons is the resolution, 800 x 480. This could have been a perfect tablet if the resolution is higher; but for a tablet priced less than $100 bucks, you can never go wrong. I compared this tablet for my Blackberry Playbook which I already own (purchased 2 months ago), this Coby Kyros Mid-7048-4 is faster and more RELIABLE than the Playbook. I only have my Playbook for 2 months and now having issues from it. I must say, not all expensive tablets out there, is really worth as they should. I am glad I bought this Coby Kryos Mid-7048. Highly recommended!!! Thanks Amazon for the excellent service! j,sandiego
tablet_coby|its working exactly the way I thought it would work. My brother recommended it and I would recommend it to anyone.
tablet_coby|It is all it said it was and I am very pleased worked right out of the box easy to use
tablet_coby|Just info about points that made me hesitate about this order:Wifi: works well (no problem) with old dlink dir 615Charging: first time ok ;-)Exchange email: everything is OKgoogle play: think it would be convinient, but what i needed: dictionaries, text editor, games for children, readers for different formats (djvu,pdf,fb2), google maps, finance app have found in 1 minute just on first page of google. So, don't see real problem in google play absence.Plays video OK.Update: HD also OKFast enough for meDisappointment: still didn't find the way to use my nokia N8 as modem, the best would be as a USB modem. Bluetooth also would be good, but not perfect. Other 3g modem also is a option, but not perfect. Now I'm researching for possibilities make it online without wifi.
tablet_coby|I bought this tablet as an early father's day gift. I was impressed by the specs for $199 which definitely outweighs that of the Amazon Kindle. First of all, Amazon's description of the product is incorrect. The tablet does not have a 1MP camera; it only has a 0.3MP camera without a flash. The camera is located in a rather inconvenient location (top right corner) which makes it difficult to video chat unless you flip the tablet completely upside down. Even then, the images produced are very blurry. While using Skype, the video was so jittery that it was better to just make voice calls as opposed to video calls. Strangely enough, this tablet does not have a rear facing camera while the older MID9742-8 model does. Why Coby would take the extra camera feature away is beyond me. The specs also claim that the processor in the tablet is an A110 1 GHz; however, it is actually an A8 1 GHz processor. The big silver button on the tablet is a back button as opposed to a home button. Therefore, this button is redundant because there are "touch" buttons built into Android's Ice Cream Sandwich OS. The tablet does not have Google Play but after installing the 1mobile market by searching for it on Google, you will find all of the same apps available from Google Play. While browsing the web, I noticed that the WIFI would lose connection from time to time, especially if the tablet was being used after it was put on standby. The 16:9 screen ratio is not as nice as a 16:10 or even a 4:3 because you do not see the screen in its natural resolution. The tablet also began to freeze if you had more than two tabs / web pages open at a time. The battery life seemed to give about an average of 3-4 hours at best which is very low compared to other android tablets. For the money, I think this tablet is suitable for web browsing, reading e-books, watching YouTube, and playing simple games. For anything else, spend more money and get yourself something of better quality like the Asus Transformer or the Samsung Galaxy Tab 2.
tablet_coby|Not a top of the line tablet, but a good starter tablet for my kids. Display screen is crisp and clear. Easy enough to use that my little one figured it all out fairly quickly even after only a little instruction. Would like to give it 5-stars, but it does not work with Google Play and that is a pain. Their version of Google Play is available, but it just is lacking in the available apps so often the kids are upset. A way around it is Amazon so you can try that, only need an Amazon account.
tablet_coby|I like it because:It is surprisingly fast,it is VERY lightweight (being an 8" tablet it is MUCH lighter in weight than a 7"-SamsungTab2),it is THINNER THAN 7"SamsungTab2,it has a good wifi connection,it has a good battery life,it has a good vivid screen,it is a multi touch device (five fingers :)and, oh yeah, it is not expensive :)The only downsides are:1) no bluetooth (but it's ok for the price)2) camera is not 5 MP (but once again it's ok for the price)3) no access to the Google market (but it is not a problem for an experienced Android user, even without any rooting)
tablet_coby|This is my first tablet so I can claim no real expertise. The Coby Kryos MID7048-4 did however meet all my expectations. My main reason for purchasing this tablet was in order to read E-Books. I installed Kindle for Android and all works great. I wasn&#8217;t sure that I would like reading on a tablet but soon found that I actually prefer it to paper books, not to mention the convenience of not having books stacked all over the place. Amazon has tons of books available and if you have an Amazon Prime account many are free and many more are very inexpensive. Browsing the net is expectedly not as convenient as on a full sized computer, but it is certainly a reasonable option when needed. The screen resolution is quite good though I know more expensive tablets have higher resolutions. There are tons of applications available from Amazon and the many other Android App. Stores. I have a 32gb Micro SD card installed which works great. I also purchased a OTG (On The Go - Male Micro USB to Female Standard USB) cable and have accessed both 16 and 32gb USB flash drives. I have had a little trouble reading the flash drives a couple of times but suspect that it is more the cable than the tablet that is at fault. I have ordered another, hopefully better, cable. The touch screen works well with the exception of some difference in where you touch the screen and where it registers on the screen. This seems to be mostly around the edges of the screen. Once I turned on the option (in the system settings) that shows a blue dot where your touch is registering I soon learned how to compensate. There have been some minor glitches here and there, but nothing that was more than a minor issue and certainly nothing more than one might expect from ANY computer.I had intended to purchase a keyboard case for the tablet but decided that the screen keyboard worked well enough so as not to need one. I did purchase a basic case made by Poetic. The first one did not fit properly even though it was said to be for the MID7048-4 as it covered up part of the RH side of the screen. I returned it and ordered another case also made by Poetic which did fit well and which I am quite happy with. That case is an ASIN: B00ANGOIR2 (product number). If you are interested in a case do an Amazon search for B00ANGOIR2 and it should bring it up. It did at the date of this review.One more thing, do not step on the tablet. Mine slipped off of the bed and I did not realize it until the crunch. LOL Ok, so I didn&#8217;t laugh at the time, but I did order another Coby MID7048-4.to replace the unfortunate one.
tablet_coby|I ordered this for my husband for christmas. It was an ok size and we chose it because of the camera. He didn't use it often and lately the battery started dying really quickly and now it won't even turn on. Not even on the charger....
tablet_coby|This is my 1st time ever writing a review for anything I purchased but you all need to know my experience w/ this tablet. I purchased it as a 2012 Christmas gift for my 7yr old daughter. The price was reasonable and the size was great, seemed like a WIN/WIN situation. However, we have had continuous issues with it from the time it came out of the package. I read reviews b4 my purchase, of course some good and bad. I thought i would be the person with no problems, I WAS WRONG. The tablet responds slow even after the settings are changed but the BIGGER issue was it continuously disconnected itself from our router multiply times, EVERYDAY. When i did find a fix to that issue it stopped connecting to the internet, SMH confused. I have other wireless equipment connected to my service so that ruled out a service issue. THIS IS AN ISSUE WITH THE TABLET. Needless to say, I guess it is true, &#34;U DO GET WHAT U PAY FOR&#34;. I'll be returning this ASAP and purchasing another tablet and will definitely take the reviews more serious!!!
tablet_coby|I bought this tablet as a Christmas present for my tech-savvy six-year old nephew. He has dominated his Mom's IPad so I though it was time for him to get his own and the price was right. I opened it before giving it to him to set it up with games and educational software. Although the reviews for this tablet are mixed, it really depends on what you want to do with the tablet and how much you want to spend. The display is just okay with a resolution of 800x600 and it's a little dim for me. It has a front-facing 0.3 mega-pixel camera - okay for a child. The tablet runs Android 4.0, has 1Gb RAM and a 1GHz processor. It weights 24 ounces, has an HDMI port, a micro SD card slot for up to 32GB of storage and a built-in microphone and speaker. The speaker was just okay and I didn't test the microphone. You don't have access to Google Play but can download apps from Amazon (after you install the Amazon app package) and also some free apps are included in the GetJar app that is installed. The battery charges pretty quickly and WiFi works fine (we didn't see the problems that others noted.) At a price of less of $120, this is good first table for children and even some adults. I own both an IPad and a Samsung Galaxy tablet primarily for software development purposes but I found this tablet okay for my nephew as a start.
tablet_coby|I dont recommend this tablet, I just could not get it link to my hotspot, so can't browse the internet, install applications, read emails, nothing at all... I just tried some apk games and they did not execute... can'nt get market app working... Im just complete frustated...
tablet_coby|I got the tablet, case with keyboard and sd card for a really great package deal on Amazon on Black Friday. The version of this tablet I got (7048) does not have a USB slot so the keyboard w/case that it came with does not work with it (I'm either returning or buying an adapter, haven't decided yet).I purchased the tablet for my husband for Christmas but have been getting it totally ready for him, so I've been messing around with it. It does not have all the bells and whistles the more expensive tablets have, but for the price it is a really nice little tablet and I'm very pleased with it as I think he will be!It is a shame it does not work with the Android App Store..but it has it own and I've been able to download apps for him that he will use with no issues. The internet works very fast and it pretty much is what I expected it to be!
tablet_coby|I am just not going to invest 500 dollars in a tablet that I could drop tomorrow and I have had a few Coby items in the past that have done pretty good so I thought I would upgrade from my little Pandigital to this. I mostly use to check email and Internet and play a few simple games. I will likely put some pictures on it and some music, but that is about it.Pros-Price was good. I have checked back since I bought it and it has gone up from the 139 I paid.-Picture is excellent! Large screen and 16:10 is a great resolution for viewing. MUCH easier to read than a 7 inch-I downloaded Amazon Appstore and there are lots of choices. Getjar and Slide me just get you the basics but they are not as bad as some people complain. Then again, I am not a huge app person-decent surfing the net but I thought it might be faster with 1GB RAM-battery seems good so far 4-5 hours-ereader is very nice-Book mark screen for Internet is very nice-Speakers are decent for volume-Onscreen keyboard is goodCons-No flash so you cannot watch any episodes of History Channel for example.-Screen can be a bit twitchy but capacitative touch is generally prety good. I am going to get a slimline stylus for easier use. It is responsive. I had a resistive before so i may still be getting used to it.-Have to reset internet occasionally. I have to say it is not any faster than my Pandigital Star with just 256 RAMMy kids think it is pretty good and they are more critical than I am about any new technology so I guess that says something about it.
tablet_coby|I have had this tablet for about 2 months now and love it. I originaly bought the 7 inch version and decided to buy the 10 inch. I have had no problems. I have played some games including Angry Birds in Space without a hitch. I can read books, view videos, check my email, facebook etc. I like to read comics and found perfect viewer the best comic reader available, as it supports both cbz and cbr files. The 1 thing it does not support is google android market place, but I use both Amazon apps and 1 mobile.com for anything I need. The camera is also a bit crappy, but I am not using ot for skype or taking pictures so that is no problem for me. For a little over $160, you can not do better than this.
tablet_coby|There is a lot I like about this tablet. Also a few things I do not like. Overall it does what I want. Likes, size,tv app, easy email set up. Dislikes, manual very poor. I wish it came with Play Store app. Get Jar app is not usefull to me. I downloaded Amazon app store to get some of my apps.
tablet_coby|The first coby worked for 7 days and would not boot so i sent it back to Amazon and got a replacement.Got the new coby and it has ben working fine
tablet_coby|I've had the Mid 1042 about a week now and I'm thoroughly impressed with it.I've had no problems whatsoever.Easy download and install of apps.LOVE the HDMI connection, so I can play a movie on the flatscreen tv.Well worth the amazing low price.I have no qualms about recommending this tablet.And, as always, super fast service from Amazon!
tablet_coby|Wonderful tablet...nice 10" capacitive screen, great instruction booklet; it does everything I want a tablet to do. The construction is sturdy and everything works great! I'm so happy with it and the price is great! I just returned another one I had gotten that had awful responsiveness and was built so cheaply. I love this one. I see some of the reviews mentioning things like rooting and other things I don't seem to need right now so my verdict is if you want a great tablet for a great price you won't be disappointed with this one.
tablet_coby|I'll give this tablet 3 stars it is nice but it's a little slow. Only 3 why I bought it cuz it was running 4. ice cream sandwich. So I could download the time warner cable app From google play And then watch tv and all the other rooms without have to get an extra cable box 4 hd. But I can't because it is not recognized by google play It's running on android operating system but you can't download android app. The get jar android market crap that's installed on it is junk. Most of the apps won't download any can't get him to install. It just takes you to the android market in which it's not recognized so you can't download anything. It comes with headphones big deal everybody has headphones this thing needs to Come with the hdmi cable. Nice crisp video But like I said to be getting a little slow. And when you going to colby website and click on email tech support it go to website page and it says it's not available just like it does when it sends it to the android market it's like it's not recognize.
tablet_coby|Very good tablet for the price.5 points multitouch capacitive screen.Exelent for video playing, Web surfing or email check.Good processor and enough memory.USB host read USB memories and portable hard drives.Good screen resolution.Bad front camera, and lack of Android market.But there are alternatives markets for download apps.
tablet_coby|We bought this mainly for the spouse to use in her classroom. She has certain educational sites she has the kids use on a computer. Since it is time to replace the computer we decided to try a tablet.First off. She goes to the educational sites and guess what? They won't work. Have to download Adobe Flash. But wouldn't you know Adobe flash won't download for this tablet. So I got involved. And I searched the internet, did everything suggested and flash would not install. No browser supporting flash would install. I could find no solution at all for this. There is simply no way to view any website that uses Adobe Flash. We are subscribed to Netflix and Xfinity. So nether worked.Now I know that some of the reviews gave solutions for this issue. And I tried them all. It doesn't work. So if you can live without anything that uses Adobe Flash, then you shouldn't have a problem with this tablet.The other big, big issue is that it kept disconnecting from the wireless internet and we had to keep restarting. We have had a this wireless setup for a long time with a number of devices hooked up to it over that time and nothing else ever had this issue.And for all of you thinking that rooting the table is the answer; that evidently only works sometimes and it voids the warranty. So no thanks.If you want this for an ereader, listen to music, check email. Then maybe it will work fine for you.We returned the tablet.
tablet_coby|I ordered it twice and neither one worked properly, so I returned them.. there is some glitch in the screen that once it warms up it flashes on and off... I called the manufacturer and they say its a bad unit, that it shouldn't do that and to send it back.. after two of them I'm starting to wonder if it's the way all of them are or it's how it is handled at Amazon.....
tablet_coby|I received this tablet as a gift, and was starting to get extremely frustrated with it telling me that my WiFi was out of range. As another reviewer posted...you need to go into your router settings, and change your wireless channel to 11. Works like a charm.And quit complaining about not having the google play store. Just go to your browser and download the amazon app store...yet another problem solved.
tablet_coby|As an inexpensive tablet the Coby Kyros 10'1 and 7"is adequate but not as functional as I expected. The Android Ice Cream platform will not allow you to access Google apps play store and does not recognize the device. It's almost deceiving that it's [resented as Android when you can't run Android apps because of the different platform. It's not an isolated case as I also purchased the 7" version and I can not download the face book apps that run through google play store which are touted as Android Apps. As far as speed and surfing, it's efficient however again, since the tablet platform is unrecognized you will be limited on what mobile apps you can download for instance Iheart radio app, Zynga etc., even websites that stream audio. I accessed a local radio station that broadcasts live. It didn't work with these tablets and pops up as device not recognized or supported.If you want a basic surfing and email device with games that will function on this platform buy it. If you want more choices in apps through Google Playstore don't but you'll spend a little bit more more the convenience. As far as features, the camera is limiting as you cant see what you are shooting as it it faces towards the user and there is no viewer. I use the gallery photos for virtual tours of properties and it is grainy. A better camera that was designed for pictures would be advisable otherwise it's a Skye type camera. The Getjar app does have a nice selection of apps however Skype on both tablets is not very good and sends a signal processed to the receiving user as pink and not clear. The person sending Skype was clear as a bell so I would assume it's the Kyros that is sending a bad picture due to the platform or the processor.It was disappointing.
tablet_coby|Like most people, I didn't want to spend $250 for a tablet, so I thought "Ok, let me go with something that has decent reviews, but is cheaper." I wanted a tablet, because I want to check and respond to emails quickly, so I can use two hands, like I'm on a desktop/laptop, instead of a smartphone. Voil&agrave; - I buy the Coby Kyros 10.1! I was really excited to get this as it's my first tablet! However, my excitement turned to pure frustration the FIRST DAY of using it!I type quite fast and at some point the keyboard could not keep up with me! I had to WAIT for the tablet! I thought, "let me not get too critical", so I gave it another chance.I only wanted a tablet to check email - that's it! I didn't want to get any apps, download anything...simply check email! And it couldn't even do that! I went to Starbucks to get online and even though I was INSIDE Starbucks, the signal did not reach full strength! But I was calm, because it still worked. However, I wasn't able to check my email through the 'email app' (included when getting the tablet), so I had to go through the proper channels (ie; getting to yahoo, signing in, etc). This just wasted more time! Of course, the "typing lapse" continued. In the end, I ended up spending more time dealing with this tablet issue than even CHECKING email!I let my sister borrow it to see if maybe I was doing something wrong. No, it wasn't me; it was definitely the tablet! Within 2 weeks, I was done!!The BEST PART to this story is that Amazon took care of my refund AMAZINGLY! I was able to obtain a free shipping label and was refunded my full amount! Thank you, Amazon, for turning this sour situation into a happy ending.So while I'm still on the hunt for a tablet, I'm just glad I didn't lose my money with this mistake.
tablet_coby|I was looking for a tablet to keep my gaming pdfs on and get to the internet on. This tablet does just that. I was skeptical about the lack of google play, but the amazon app store worked just fine for what I needed.Don't use the built in e-reader, the screen starts winking and blinking something awful, just get the adobe pdf reader. You'll be golden.The dictionary doesn't really seem to work, almost everything gets redlined, but it doesn't make the tablet any less effective for me,
tablet_coby|More capable people than I have already written reviews on how well this tablet performs. This is absolutely a luxury item, I bought it because I wanted a 10 inch tablet pretty much solely to read comics on and since no one has really touched on that I wanted to say it does that very well. It is faster and more responsive than my phone (an lg optimus elite, and the only android device I have to compare to) The touch screen works well and quickly. The text is clear (I've read about 40 different comics so far and only had to zoom in on text once)I suppose anyone else who has read e-comics on a smaller device hates double page spreads as much as I do, but no more! Loading and scrolling around them is super fast and easy. On the downside, there's no market. I haven't found that terribly inconvenient, aside from having some trouble finding a way to put comicrack on it. I also only see 4 GB, not 8, of storage but I didn't look that hard. Not a real big deal, just order a memory card to go with it. That's that really, if you want a more technical review scroll down, I just wanted to let fellow comic readers know that there is a decent alternative to spending a boatload of money on a fancy tablet just to read comics.PS...I forgot the camera. I don't even know why they bothered. The only real use I've gotten from it is showing people what the predator sees when he looks at them. It's real easy to get the predator-vision effect too, all you have to do is turn the camera on and point it at yourself
tablet_coby|I almost gave this tablet a 4, but I'll get to the points that left it short. I was considering an Ipad, but I just can't justify 500 bucks for something my wife will surf the web with. Sure the Ipad has great points, but I think all their products are a bit over-priced. So my main need for a tablet is Kindle/Ebooks, surfing, Facebook, and Youtube. Got this tablet; right out of the box it looks pretty good. The resolution is average, not terrible. The device booted right up and not being familiar with Android I was able to make my way around. It did take me a while to figure out how to load Kindle. First you have to load Amazon app store; then Kindle. I found a defect after the first time using Amazon app store; it does not return any app searches and just appears as a black screen. Tried re-installing a few times; same problem. Not overly concerned because I can buy my books using my laptop or Iphone and store on Amazon cloud.The good: Kindle performs well. The web browser is good. Youtube app is good too. The response time loading pages is actually really fast. Took a great deal of research(will cover in bad)but I found a Facebook app that works well. So the basic points that I bought this tablet for are accomplished. Capacitive touch is really cool too.The bad:Heard a LOT of other folks mention; you CANNOT use Google play. Not being an Android person I did not know this is the Droid equivalent to Apple Store. Major letdown, I looked and this tablet is not on the supported device list. WHAT does this mean? Did Coby not pay a license fee to participate in Google play?? The device runs the most current Droid O/S. Really poor. Sent email to tech support - still waiting for response. I'm hoping they come up with a solution. Battery life has only been 3 hours; acceptable but not great. They leave you with an app store called Get Jar which is an open source app store that has the same feel as using something like Ubuntu Linux. If you want an app and can't find it; you're best bet is to find what is called an apk file for the app you want. That is how I finally got Facebook installed. I could not find it on Get Jar. I cannot say enough bad things about Get Jar so I will stop; oh one good point I did find Angry Birds on Get Jar. The camera as mentioned is pretty useless. Device does seems to heat up; but nothing extreme.So all in all I'm happy so far. The hardware is pretty darn good for 90 bucks. The major drawback is the app support, as I mentioned. I would have given this 4 stars had it come with Google play support. Please Coby, fix this problem and make this compatible with Google play!!
tablet_coby|I'm happy to have bought this product thanks to the many reviews listed on Amazon. This tablet is very light weight and easy to handle making book reading a pleasure. Downloads so far are almost effortless a must for a non computer buff like me. The only problem so far is the calendar app on tablet won't sync. I can only hope Coby comes up with a fix or update.
tablet_coby|I really enjoy this tablet from Coby. I listen to music downloads, netflix movies, game applications, facebook, web browsing, and many more functions. Nice size for traveling and take it to work for break time enjoyment. Not as expensive as other tablets out there either. Wifi gets the job done too.
tablet_coby|I wanted to wait a little while to write a review on this tablet. I received this tablet as a gift when it first came out in June. The android environment is very familiar and friendly. This is actually my third Coby Kyros sent to me.I played with the tablet and installed various apps testing how various stuff effects it. It had a nice long battery life, I was able to play with it for 5 to 7 hours on a single charge. During the first two weeks was great playing, but during a charge the adapter plug on the tablet broke and I had to call Coby Kyros for a replacement. Coby was very friendly and helpful, however you do still have to send $15 for s/h for the next one, plus you have to pay for s/h to ship the broken one back (which is about $7 -$15 depending how you ship it. It took about 4 weeks and they sent . . . well they just sent me a brand new tablet, which is still really nice of them. BUT..... when I received the replacement the wifi had a short in it, and would not stay connected or would not connect at all. I called Coby back and they actually did waive the shipping cost to ship it back. It took about three weeks and they did ship another tablet. I am happy to report so far so good, everything appears to work.It does not integrate with Google Apps that well. I have tried side-loading Google Apps such as Play, Drive, Books, Music, and even the YouTube app with little success. Out of all those only the YouTube app runs, but does not log into Google. I have found that Amazon's App Store does run and a nice alternative to Google Play. One thing Coby need to realize is that since it is an Android is has to be Google App friendly since no one uses GetJar. I did not have hardly any current and popular app (such as Facebook) on GetJar; actually no Facebook app on Amazon's App Store either. That I was able to side-load from my phone. I was able to side-load The Sims Freeplay which was great, because it makes the play much easier. Game-play is nice and doesn't lag to much. Most of the Google Play Apps were able to side-load just fine onto the tablet just fine.However since this is now September and Google/Galaxy Nexus 7 is here I would probably go with that one. But for a nice 10" tablet alternative this will do nicely too.
tablet_coby|Hi, the Coby Kyros MID7048 is a great tablet, but as you know it is a lack about the possibility of install google play store, well I will tell you how to root (it's something like jailbreaking) your tablet (it is a very easy process) and install automatically google play store on your device : )First of all download this file:[...]Connect your coby MID7048 to your PC in USB mode, then copy the file downloaded file "update" to the root directory of the tablet. Disconnect from your PC.Then in your tablet go to:Settings > About tablet > System updates > Install system update > From internal storage > Install nowThen your tablet will shutting down and installs automatically the update.The final step when it finish is select (with the power button of the tablet) the option "Reboot system now" and that is all, your tablet is rooted and the google play is installed in your apps when the tablet restart.Enjoy it!This process applies too to Coby Kyros MID7034, MID7036, MID8048, models.
tablet_coby|This tablet is one of the best purchases I've made in a long time. For the price, I really don't think it can be beat. One nice thing about it is that Coby, while a cheaper brand, is at least a BRAND. They have a website with contact information, help topics, and support available. They have products available everywhere etc.The reason I point this out is because in this price range, you will mostly get no name tablets from who knows who. If you have trouble, I would not know who to contact or even who to be mad at, since so many of the cheap tablets are not branded at all. Coby is a value brand, but seem to be putting everything they have into building better and better products.The main thing I would stress to anyone interested is that in addition to Getjar app store, you can also access the Amazon Android app store (as well as several others you can find online). You can easily find the information online on how to download it. It's also on Amazons app site, just do a search for it. You can even get the free app each day that they charge for every other day. I check every day and there are some good ones that it's fun to get for free. Even Getjar is pretty good. Unless you have a very specific predetermined list of apps you must have, the sources available on this tablet will suit you well. And for many things, you can simply bookmark the mobile website if there is no app for something that is primarily a link to the website anyway.Now, I use my tablet as a book reader, to play some games, check email etc. Just normal stuff. No business apps. No need for the games that only a few powerful computers can run. I'm just a casual user. I have looked at some of those lists like "the 100 best android tablet apps" etc and have not found any that I wanted that I couldn't get from Getjar or Amazon. But that' just me.The screen is better than I expected. I have used the Kindle Fire and it's screen is definiately better. However, this screen is crisp, clear, bright, and accurate. The touch mechanism is perfect. Just an easy tap and things work. Side by side, they may look differently, but I don't anyone would look at the Coby by itself and think anything is bad about it. I have read ebooks on it for hours at a time and have no complaints. Page turns are very smooth. All of the normal adjustments are there. Font, font size, black on white/white on black lettering etc.Speaker isn't a strong point. Wifi reception could be a little better. Doesn't drop the signal, but has less bars than my laptop sitting right next to it. Seems like it's a little slower on the downloads when it's getting minimal bars. When I'm close to the router, it's faster. Haven't used Skype yet, and may not ever use it. But the camera on this tablet is pretty low quality. But I did want one with a camera, just in case I want to video chat once in a while.. Some of the really cheap ones have no camera at all.Battery life is not as long as the Nexus 7 or Kindle Fire, but I have been getting about 6 hours if I am downloading apps or watching video the entire time. I get longer if I am reading books. I do adjust the screen brightness down a bit for reading. It is better for my eyes and does keep the battery fuller longer. I am satisfied with the battery, just don't expect 12 hours like some of the tablets are advertising now. I don't think they actually get quite that long for most people, but it is how they are advertised.Note for anyone looking at this tablet--Coby is coming out with a newer, updated 7 inch model called the MID7065 in spring of 2013. I didn't want to wait and pay $50 more for it, but it dual core and has Google Play installed. Otherwise, it appears to be exactly the same, appearance wise. But I look at it this way--if I really wanted a dual core tablet with Google Play for more money, those were already available when I chose this one. I am quite happy with the tablet and would recommend it to everyone except "power" users who know they need more. For the rest of us, for under $100, it's really hard to beat. I don't think I could have gotten anything better for this price and I didn't really want to spend much more. Nothing about the tablet has been a disappointment.It also comes with a regular wall charger in addition the usb cable. Amazon charges for it with the kindle fire. This also has no ads like the kindle fire. This Coby case also included a sleeve style case to protect it when carrying it around. Cases are extra on most tablets. This tablet also comes with a nice manual to help you get started. Some others don't really include a guide at all.
tablet_coby|I purchased this tablet for my son for Christmas, at first I was upset that it did not have google play,I do not like GETjar, and Amazon marketplace did not have what I was looking for. I did some research on the net and found you can install 1MOBILEMARKET. The 1Mobile Market for Android offers various android apps all of which are free. After installing this I was able to download the facebook app, angry birds, youtube and netflix and many other apps I was looking for.... On tablet google 1Mobilemarket, install then presto you will find many of the apps you are looking for!I find this tablet is great, cheap and works well. I am very happy I didnt pay arm and leg for a tablet and am very impressed on its abilities....hope this is of help!
tablet_coby|This item is the best of the best! The screen is most sensitive in "HD" and the applications in Android run better in this tablet! I'm very happy with my purchase!
tablet_coby|This is for the 8&#34; coby kryos. After reading a lot of reviews on it i was hesitant to buy it, but i decided to buy it anyways because of it's price. I got this for my girlfriend as a xmas present she loves it. The package itself was very professional it was organized and it came fully charged, boot it and it worked flawlessly. The tablet itself runs smoothly it works great. I see a lot of people complaining about it not having google play and that getjar sucks, but that's the amateur users. I use 4shared or just google .apk files i found all the apps i needed there. A+ in my book on the price, clean look, user friendliness and it runs.
tablet_coby|At first it was a little bit hard to get use to, but I guess that is why they send an owner's manual to go with it... now I just go to town on it.
tablet_coby|This tablet was perfect for my goal to simply have something with multiple functions without all the frlls. Wanted email,books, and lite games. It does much more. I have wireless and set up was simple. Kindle reading was a bit more complicated but I would recommend loading the free nook reader which is simple and reads better than kindle. The only complaint is I need a stylus as the screen is senstive and my touch may hit more. For the price it is great and shipped fast with constant tracking updates.
tablet_coby|The Coby Kyros is a okay tablet for the price I wouldn't recommend getting another tablet for the same price cheap tablets out there are more slower than this oneI would Highly recomend the Coby Kyros MID-7042 Because this new Model is More slim but has a Poor Touch response in the sides of the tablet or when opening a new tab.FOR THOSE WHO HAVE A PROBLEM CAUSE OF GOOGLE PLAY. I HAVE THE SOLUTION =) 1Mobile Market most Apps in google market are in this market it. I'll put the Link so you can download the .APk file put in device need a SD Card install and enjoy!! =D[...]
tablet_coby|My favorite phrase is "you get what you pay for" and this is just an ok tablet. The antenna was poor, the system slow, but the screen was clear! Sent it back.
tablet_coby|I personally love this tablet, it started off bad for my first one had bad WiFi, but I did a return through amazon and my second one was fine, with actually really good connection. I found it to be fast, capable, and very great. (Also, a good battery saver for it is "easy battery saver"). The solution that everyone has been wanting to hear for the android market is to use this app store called 1 mobile market. It doesn't have any payed apps, but it has every and all free apps that are on the android market, for the paid apps I need, I us amazon marketplace. Hope this helps!
tablet_coby|Coby Kyros 10.1-Inch Android 4.0 8 GB 16:9 Capacitive Multi-Touchscreen Widescreen Internet Tablet with Built-In Camera, Black MID1042-8I was searching for a tablet as a SUPPLEMENT for my Ipod touch. I mainly wanted a better experience playing games, viewing apps like Google Earth and streaming Collage Football games via the Watchespn app. As good as the i-pod is, it was just too small for some situations. I wanted to upgrade to an I-pad, but theI-Pad was just out of my price range.So after much research, I decided on the 10" Coby despite the fact there was no access to the Google Play Store. I verified that I could download Google Earth and Watchespn from The Amazon App store so that wasn't an issue. I ordered my Tablet with the keyboard/case and the 16GB micro memory card. Both I would highly recommended getting. All 3 came in a very timely manner.This is my first Android device but I quickly found my way around and downloaded a few apps from Getjar. The best advice for apps is going to Getjar and download the "Good E reader Android App Store" they have a better choice of apps and from there you can also download other Appstores such as Amazon,1 Mobile and Appbrain.Pros:Great price. At present time $149.00Great picture quality for both photos and videos.Lots of storage available for apps (8GB internal)+ up to 32GB on a Micro memory card.HDMI inputStreams and plays UTube videos wellGood choice of accessories available from Amazon.com such as cases,keyboards,screen protectors, Mini HDMI to HDMI cords and mini sd cards. All reasonably priced and wont break the bank.Good battery life. Lasts about 6 hours.No problems with the WiFi.Good for gameplayIdeal for E-BooksTouchscreen has good response.Cons:Poor camera quality. UselessPreloaded Browser crashes constantly. I use Google Chrome, it works much better.The 1042 Wont win any races while surfing the net.A bit slow loading pages. Some patience required!!No Google Play.Its a deal breaker for some but it shouldn't be.Speaker sound is fair at best. You can use headphones or amplified speakers to improve sound.I am very happy with my purchase so far. I think people who gave this Coby Tablet a bad review just didn't give it a fair chance. Granted you get what you pay for and this Tablet can't compete with the high end Tablets for performance but for the price it holds its own. Hope this review helps.
tablet_coby|This is my very first tablet and I researched a lot of different products before settling on this one. I have not put it down since it arrived! Despite what other reviewers have said, I have had no problems getting Netflix app installed (via the Amazon android app - Google appstore refused to install it); the touch screen is very fluid. Movies are awesome on this tablet! I would even go so far as to say the resolution/screen was better than my HP DV7! I found that the device was very intuitive and easy to figure out how to do what I wanted to do - like putting the apps on the home page LOL! I was able to connect to my wifi immediately and without issue. I also installed the Kindle app and was quickly reading my first eBook. The onscreen keyboard is easy to use, the browser works well and I was able to go to and use several different forums that I frequent. I just ordered a 16gb microSD Class 10 card (which I hope will help with Netflix and buffering) and a case with a keyboard. There are so many apps that can be installed on this thing! I just LOVE IT! Excellent product and excellent price!
tablet_coby|This is my first tablet, and I love it! I bought it largely to stream movies with Netflix (subscription required). Thanks to this tablet, I've also discovered free ebooks and magazines from my local library. I love reading my local newspaper in the free Overdrive app (newspaper subscription required). Checking email, weather reports, and my Hotmail calendar is quick and easy. I'm glad I got a 10" tablet because magazines, movies, and games can really take advantage of the extra large screen.Over all, I think this tablet is a great value. I would buy it again, and I highly recommend it. Keep in mind that installing a bunch of apps and customizing the tablet may require some extra know-how plus hours (and hours) of your time. I also recommend that you purchase an inexpensive tablet stand (there are several types available on Amazon).I'm probably going to also buy a Kindle e-reader. The e-ink screens are easier on the eyes; and dedicated e-readers are much easier to hold when you're reading a book for several hours.What I like:> Large, beautiful screen> Excellent touch response> Easy to use settings> Convenient buttons for power, volume, and "back"> Expandable storage via MicroSD slot> USB connection> Wifi was easy to set up and connect to my home network> Great built-in email client> Great battery life with most apps (several hours)What I dislike:> Cannot access Google Play (a.k.a. Android app store)> Front-facing camera is almost worthless. No flash, can't easily scan QR codes, doesn't work well with Skype app> Built-in speakers are not very loud. You may need to use headphones or an external speaker> Heavy and difficult to hold for long periods of time (like reading a book)> Web pages take a while to load. It's often faster to just turn on my laptop when looking something up> Cannot mount a network drive (or at least I can't figure out how to), although you CAN browse network drives using the included ES File Explorer app> Battery life is too short for reading lots of books (typical problem with color LCD tablets)> No back-facing camera> It takes a while to charge (I feel like it takes several hours, but I haven't timed it)What I use it for:*Note: Some of these apps were hard to find and/or install because this tablet cannot access the Google Play app store.> Watch movies with Netflix app - Netflix subscription required> Listen to music with Pandora app> Read local newspaper with PressReader app - newspaper subscription required> Read ebooks and magazines - borrowed from local library via website (free) - using Overdrive app and Kindle app for ebooks - Zinio app for magazines> Check my Hotmail calendar> Check the weather with Weather.com app (free)> Check email> Check my budget with YNAB app (requires YNAB desktop software + paid app)> Surf the web with Firefox app (free)Where I get my apps:> Amazon app store (lots of great free and paid apps)> Aptoide app store (some apps, hit or miss)> papktop.com (some apps, hit or miss)> Getjar (a few apps)> Bing search for the app's "apk" file, then transfer the apk file to tablet and install it> Other random app websites (often difficult to use, some may not be entirely legal)
tablet_coby|If you are looking for the cheaper version of the apple, keep looking. If you want something that can play HD movies (both stand alone or sending the signal to your TV), reading books, checking email, playing games, and general browsing, then look no more.The Pros:1. Up to 40GB storage space. Not having space will never be an issue.2. Large screen and light weight for its size.3. Crystal clear HD movies and videos.4. Ease of use5. Read books even in bright sun light.6. Sending and receiving email.7. General web browsingThe Cons:1. Single core cpu (can not access netflix and the like)2. Screen is all but impossible to view in sunlight (other then books).3. Horrible sound (unless using the included headphones).5. Browsing is rather slow if doing more then a basic search6. The camera is a jokeIn a nutshell it is like a smartphone with a bigger screen and worth the price.
tablet_coby|I know it is a budget tablet. I bought it and found it has no android google market. FINE. I went to amazon app and surfed for a while. Downloaded netflix. Tried to download facebook, don't find. My opinion is let there be some most used free apps. Bottom line is lot of people when buying budget tablets seek these free apps and recommend between friends. You don't need to have professional apps. At least let there be some free apps which half of the world are using. Not finding it in amazon or getjar apps is frustating. Now i have to root the tablet.
tablet_coby|The graphics are beautiful, processing is faster than my lap top, very user-friendly, touch screen is really responsive.So why the 1 star rating?Because the company stinks.Within two days of use, the wi-fi on my tablet crapped out. At first it would just randomly disconnect, which was annoying, but I just reconnected and moved on. By the next day, however, it wouldn't connect at all. It kept telling me the wi-fi was out of range, even when I was sitting right next to it. I took it to a few other places - on the off-chance it was my wi-fi - still didn't work.Bum deal. But that's what warranties are for, right? Aside from the wi-fi issue, it's still a nice little tablet.EXCEPT...I called Coby and after being on hold forever and bounced between 3 different reps, the not-so-nice lady told me I had to pay to send the tablet to them (insured) AND pay a $15 processing fee AND wait 6-8 weeks for them to fix it or send me a REFURBISHED tablet.Seriously? I get to pay an extra $30ish dollars for a REFURBISHED tablet?I will never again buy a product from Coby. EVER.Baaaaaaaaaaaaad Coby.
tablet_coby|Got this out of the box this morning...touch screen works great, easy set up, got online in less than a minute,and then started downloading apps. GetJar is useless...I spent 30 minutes trying to find something to download. They have nothing that me or my kids would want to use...After searching and searching for an app store {NO GOOGLE PLAY for this android tablet}, I was so upset. I read a review on here about downloading Amazon Apps. It took 2 minutes to download and now we have FB, Twitter, You tube, NETFLIX, Where's my water, Angry Birds, etc. My kids are so excited to have this and feel like they have their own Ipad....at a fourth of the price!!! Great item...just make sure to go to Amazon and download their app store {GET THIR APP FOR YOUR HOMESCREEN} first thing. Save yourself your sanity! We give this 5 stars!
tablet_coby|For the money, you cannot beat this tablet. I ordered this for my store. I didn't need all the bells and whistles that other tablets may have. I wanted a tablet that my staff can use when waiting on customers so we can quickly check prices as well as show them our website photos without having to go to our laptop. I did not want to spend hundreds of dollars and decided to give this one a shot. I had originally ordered an ipad but returned it because I felt the price was too much. On the Coby, THe internet loads quickly and that serves the purpose for me. I just ordered a second one for my home.
tablet_coby|Ordered the Coby MID1042 Tablet from Amazon w/ free shipping. Cost $146.00. I have to admit that after the reviews that I like the price but was leary about installing the apps. This item arrived way before it was expected to. Packaging was good. Plugged it in, charged it and it was ready to go.I was able to get ALL the apps I wanted onto this tablet. Not all from the same sight though. Getjar is ok and has plenty of free apps. Not the ones I needed tho. But if you log onto the browser you can bookmark your favorite pages right on your home screen. Amazon, Netflix, Yahoo mail, Pinterest, facebook booked marked really easy and open up to the last page you had. Again these are right on your main home screen.Then I downloaded an app from Getjar called "Good E-reader android app store". this app is actually a store, so I was able to download a few apps off of this app for free. This also had Netflix Aodbe and lots of popular games.Then my struggle was trying to kindle onto my tablet. It took me a while and a lot of research but I was able to download the "Amazon AppStore". right from amazon.com Not easy, not hard.Here were the steps I had to follow.On my tablet I went to settings - then to applications - make sure the "unknrown sources" is checked.Then I went to Amazon Appstore and in the upper right corner it asks for you email.Then it sends you a email with a link to download.Once its downloaded, you can see on the home page the downloaded icon, the one with the down arrow.I clicked on that and it installed the app. Pretty easy actually.After that I was able to download Kindle and Audible.I am very happy with this tablet, yes it did take me hours to figure out how to get some of the apps but I didnt have to download anything to my computer or put anything on an SD card.The screen doen not act like an Ipad. It is not a tap screen, but more of a touch and hold for 1 second screen. One you realize this it just becomes natural to hold the icon. Not bad, just different.I would recommend this to my family and friends. All I can say is be patient when trying to set up your favorite apps. They are there and I am glad I spent the time finding them.Just remember, If you want an Ipad, buy and Ipad. This Tablet is great for the price and does everything I needed it to do.
tablet_coby|I got a Coby Kyros because my first tablet was a 7 inch Kyros a few years ago. I had a lot of fun with it but missed having Adobe Flash. It still works well but I gave it away. I know Coby has been in the business longer than a lot of tablets they have out now so I stuck with the brand. I am tired of dragging my Toshiba laptop with me everywhere because it is heavy so I ordered the ten inch tablet. While playing with it, I looked at the apps section and wow, to my surprise it had only Adobe Flash there. I couldnt believe it due to all the negative comments here about that. Well, I fired up the tablet and low and behold, it does now have Adobe Flash downloaded by the Coby people! So for a 149.00 tablet, the Coby Kyros is now a pretty good one. Now I wont feel shortchanged when I have to purchase another next year with the latest OS. Wow, I am glad I madepurchase.I now recommend this tablet to anyone without reservation because it is worth it for the money you pay for the tablet. Surprise everyone.
tablet_coby|Okay, I've had this little gem for about 5 days now. I was looking for a ten inch tab, but didn't have a lot of cash. I already have the Acer Iconia A-100, which is a great tablet. But i wanted a 10 incher. When i first got it, it ran fine but there was no Google App Store, bummer, So I got the Amazon App Store. everything was working fine but when I loaded Netflix it didn't work, the app loaded fine but the screen would just go blank. I called Coby Customer Service and they said it was a problems with Adobe flash not running right? Anyways, with Coby you actually get a live person however, you may not get one that knows anything. So i looked around on the internet and found that this is a problem with the tablet. I also found a solution. A tech advised to reboot the system and erase factory files. Here is the message ---- "Power the unit off (holding power buttom) and selecting Power off, then hold simultaneusly back button and on buttom 8 seconds,when the android icon appears press the back button, in the menu select wipe data/factory reset pressing home buttom and then press back buttom, in the next screen select "yes delete all user data" pressing back buttom, and in the next screen select "reboot system now" with the back buttom and wait. IT WORK FOR MY TABLET." ------After doing this download the Good e-Reader app store through Getjar. The Good e-Read app store has everything. Netflix now works great on my tablet. I was also able to down load pretty much every app the Google Play Store has. They even have the Google Play Store app. Anyways, after doing this my tablet runs smoother, seems to be faster and everything works. Took this tablet from a 3 to a 5 star. I now love this tablet. Oh, when doing this it will erase things (music, pics, videos) on the tablet but not on the SD Card.
tablet_coby|This is for the 10" coby. I got it to replace the functions of an e-ink kindle. I wanted to be able to read books, surf some simple web pages, maybe check my e-mail and calendar, play some simple games. I liked the idea of a bigger screen that I could see page-size pdf (and maybe a comic book) on. It turns out that this tablet is fine for those needs.It actually seems made pretty well. The touch screen seems to work well - by way of comparison, I've had a couple of older tablet pc's, and older windows ce pda's, my wife has an older resistive touch 7" android, I have an android phone. So on the one hand I've used a lot of touch screens, on the other, I can remember when you had to have a proprietary batter-powered stylus to use one. So to me, the touch screen seems pretty good, but I don't know how that will translate to others. It is a finger print magnet and picks up smudges like mad. It is perfectly adequate for e-book reading and playing simple android games.I am an average sized male and the size is fine for me for a big book reader. The trade off of the bigger screen is that you have a bigger device to hold. I can just "palm" it with one hand - it is 16 X 9 so it seems longer than it does wide. I don't think it is too large to be a comfortable reader.The wi-fi connected in a snap, couldn't be easier. One thing that is sort of annoying is that everytime I resume from a suspend I have to disconnect and reconnect the wi-fi for it to connect. I haven't figured a way around that yet, but I think it may be an ice cream sandwich "feature." It connects easily to our linux computers with the cable.I found that I was more bugged by the lack of google play marketplace than I thought I'd be. As best I can tell, everyone who has tried rooting the 10" has bricked it. So I didn't root it. You can get the apk for google play easy enough and side load it, but the device isn't on google's list of approved devices so the apk won't run and connect to the market. Because you can't root it, you can't edit the boot file to spoof it as a device on google's list. So unless you root it or google adds it you won't be connecting to google play.Which isn't really that big of a deal. It has a get jar market on it, but I had already put on amazon market before I bothered looking at it, and there's really not much use in it. The amazon market is easy enough for anyone to add - just point the web browser to amazon and follow the directions. Of all things, the only thing I wanted to put on it so far but wasn't able to yet is tux math for the kids - it is on google play but not amazon market and I can't find the apk on the web. It was easy enough to side load other apks. It runs the angry birds apps fine, and the cut the ropes, fruit ninjas, temple runs. I had a devil of a time getting where's my water/Perry to install. It just wouldn't install. I tried different versions and nothing, then one time I tried it for a lark and both just installed and now they play fine. I must have installed something with a needed library or something along the way. Who knows. I downloaded free solitaire and freecell from amazon and they work fine. That's enough games for me, so I haven't bothered putting any emulators on it, without hardware buttons I don't care to.It has both a regular size usb and a micro usb, which is nice because you can use something like a usb key board. The power plug is an additional little port. The batteries last longer than I thought they would - good enough for me to read and play some games. I put some videos on there just to see them and they worked fine. The kids watched some youtube on it and that was fine. I couldn't get netflix to install on it though.It has an micro sd card slot, that is important to me. The file structure is a little wonkey, but you'll find the sd card if you look around. After the first time it didn't really matter to me because it remembered the location in the history and I can just click the short cut there.It comes with a book reader built in. I side loaded an epub file and it seemed to present it just fine. I went ahead and put the cool reader app on it because I like the flexibility of that app. I used it to read A Dance with Dragons an it was a good book reading experience - I turned off the background and just use white text on black or yellow on blue. Honestly I didn't miss e-ink and I was a fan of it.It isn't an ipad and it isn't a tegra 3. It is $150 bucks. So if you want the ipad or a tegra 3 don't get this. If you have some basic android experience then this will seem familiar and easy, and if you want a basic tablet then this is a fine one. I got lucky here, it fits my needs very well - so if you are looking for something like that, book reader, web, simple games, with a bigger screen I'd recommend this to you.
tablet_coby|Arrived quickly, and I was very happy with how it looked!Things to note:- This takes a very small, 5V DC power supply, which is unusual to me.- It is an unsupported Google device = no Play app store, and still can't figure out how to get HBO GO to work on it, and can't get Facebook created app (unless someone tells me where else you can download it from!)- Has a very sensitive power button - last 3 times I've put it in my backpack for use at work, the power button has been hit in transit and I arrive with it drained and unusable. Could probably be remedied by buying a better case than by using the slipcover it comes with.- Back button often exits you out of something, rather than taking you to your last page/position.- Browser, while effective, does not have near the same functionality as the browser on my PC.- Browser feels slow to me, and it's annoying.Other things to note:- Sound quality was surprisingly good for what it is.- Keyboard is awesome and works really well, which surprised me.- Absolutely zero lag in streaming of either music or video - win!!!- You can still do lots of great stuff, like use other social media apps that allow you to view Facebook, or use the browser for it (can't get browser version of HBO GO however, *sad clown face*).- Use Amazon app store for lots of good stuff even if you can't use Google Play app store - the Get Jar app store was surprisingly limited. Might just be the brand new O/S.- Picks up home wi-fi & mobile hotspot (wi-fi from my phone) just great, never had a problem with that!- Renders books really well and is fun to use for reading.Overall, because it is less than half price of any other 10" tablet out there, I will give it a "like" rating and deal with what it doesn't do. But the HBO GO thing was a major blow and the big reason behind losing a whole star. I've heard that they are supposed to be coming out with a new version of the app that I can get to and will work on this O/S, but my fingers are still crossed on that . . .Also, in case anyone from Google is reading this - you majorly effed up by allowing others to license your O/S by NOT also allowing anyone with said O/S's devices to be able to access YOUR CONTENT. Lose move IMHO. Retarded.
tablet_coby|Watching you tube videos on it are great, decent processor speed, and the fraction of the cost of an Ipad. Quality seems pretty good, great for internet surfing and emails. Apps through Getjar are limited but there are plenty of games. I got this tablet because I wanted something to surf the web, watch youtube videos, and let the kids play games. If you expect an ipad with cameras, apple store and all that I would save up and buy one of those. If you are like me, and don't need lots of extra bells and whistles, I'd get it.
tablet_coby|Update I called Coby today about my Coby MID7042-4 tablet thay've had for 67 days to repair. Coby response I should recevie it Thursday. Almost the same response I've gotton everytime I've called. Below is my orignal review:I usually don't review products I've bought. However I thought I'd share my experience with Coby tablet repairs. The speakers quit working on my Coby tablet after 32 days Amazon couldn't help because more than 30 days had passed. I called Coby and was told repairs would be less than 30 days. I returned the tablet to Coby they recevied it on 10-9-2012 today is 12-12 2012. I started calling Coby once a week after 30 days their reply has always been the same; tablet was shipped 2 days ago. I called today 62 days after I returned the tablet for a less than 30 day repair and got their usual reply the tablet shipped 2 days ago. If you buy a Coby product and need factory service I hope your experence is better than mine.
tablet_coby|This is the review of the Coby Kyros 10.1-Inch Android 4.0 8 GB 16:9 Multi-Touchscreen Tablet MID1042-8. I bought a new one - not a used one ...I read the reviews before my purchase and now I'm mad at the lower ratings that mislead buyers into thinking they would NOT be able to log in to Facebook or YouTube. You have full access to the internet; Anything you can log in to on a PC you can log in to with this tablet.As a matter of fact the only thing the poorer ratings said that was true was you can not get Google Apps ... but who cares ... You can get all the popular applications for free using their GetJar ... Push one button and it takes you to Angry Birds, Star Wars Angry Birds, hundreds of games, the free Avast Anti-Virus, Video Phone, Personalization ... I could go on forever.This tablet is great. The only critique I have would be the battery life. The battery displays a standard 3 hours lifespan. I can get 4 to 5 hours depending on whether or not I'm watching a movie, videos, or playing games. It uses none of the battery while it's off.The number of hours you spend on the tablet will account for the number of hours you'll need to recharge. I don't like that.I would like to just plug it in to an outlet and continue using it beyond the battery life, but the User Guide warns you not to do that. As long as the tablet is plugged in - it is recharging - and it could overheat or even catch fire. It's a warning that comes with any portable PC I know ... I just find it unacceptable. Can't they just set it so you can run AC power without using the recharge?I would recommend this tablet for anyone that doesn't care about name brands or wants a tablet for less the price. I would recommend this tablet to anyone that doesn't care whether or not they that can download user made applications from Google. I would recommend this tablet to anyone that isn't an Apple Cultist. Like I said - all the POPULAR Apps are available to you, by pushing the GetJar button on this tablet's desktop page.I love this thing. It does everything I wanted it for.
tablet_coby|Coby Kyros MID1042 UPLOADING APPS I began a little discouraged. The Getjar did not have all the apps that I wanted. Google play would not work for me. However I found a way to get all the apps I wanted on here by the following method.1. Open the GetJar Application.2. Type in Good e-Reader Android App Store.3. Download the Good e-Reader Android App Store Application.4. Open the Good e-Reader Android App Store Application.5. Go to the selection that says Android App Stores.6. Select the Amazon Appstore for Android.7. Install the Amazon Appstore for Android Application.8. Open the Amazon Appstore for Android Application.9. Select the android applications you want to install and do so. The Kindle reader app is at the Amazon Appstore. As well as the netflix app and many others. This tablet is exactly what I wanted. Big screen. Easy to use just like my android smart phone. The date I put this info in is August 24, 2012, so if something changes with these apps and the steps don't work anymore don't blame me. Wonderful Product. I love the 10 inch screen.
tablet_coby|Amazon-- for whatever reason -- lumps all these Coby Kyros reviews together by product generation. The 7 and 9 inch screen Kyros are easily rooted by now, and I'm sure the 10.1 inch version will eventually be rooted, but even without rooting the little device is FANTASTIC.Don't get me wrong, the tablet has flaws and if I cared about using the internet browser, I'd most likely not be as satisfied as I am.I knew what I wanted when I bought the tablet. I wasn't 100% sure that the Kyros would accomplish everything I wanted, but I took a gamble and came out very satisfied.The first thing you're going to want to do if you're not rooting the tablet is get Amazon Market app from amazon.com on the device's browser. After that...1. I wanted something to read comics while at work without bringing my physical copies with me. I downloaded ComicCat from the Amazon Market app. The app let me import and read every CBR file I'd all ready had in my PC's library. It works great on this device.2. I wanted to be able to draw and sketch with the tablet. Once again, I hit up the Amazon Market app and downloaded SketchBook Pro. The app works great, with only a very small delay between my strokes on the screen and the brush's stroke through the app. If you want to use SketchBook, you'll definitely want to get a stylus for your device. Works great though.3.I wanted to read Ebooks, and the Kindle for Android app works great on this as well.4.I wanted to play some simple games. The Kyros has handled everything I've downloaded for it.The SD card expansion is great. You can even use an external USB HDD for removable storage but it's not as convenient as the SD Card. If you're wanting to watch videos you could buy multiple cards and fill them with video and just pop them in and out of the device for unlimited storage.So the stuff that would have disappointed me if I'd been into other activities.The screen position sensor is a little wonky and sluggish at the same time. If you want to turn the tablet and change the view mode from portrait to landscape, the device will take a little over a second to make the transition... but on occasion the sensor will tell it that the little wiggles and body shifts natural to holding the device without resting against a desk or something means that you want to shift it to another view mode. This means you have to wait for it to shift, then wait for it to shift back. In apps where this becomes annoying, I just turn off the app's use of that function.The keyboard is sluggish at times. If you're wanting to write a book or something, I'd definitely recommend getting something else.You'll want to periodically fully power down the device and make sure that you aren't running extraneous apps in the background to prevent over taxing the processor. As long as you're somewhat attentive and patient, the tablet is fantastic. If you can't take a few seconds to set up your apps to counteract the tablet's flaws... then maybe you'd be better served spending several extra hundred dollars on a Xoom, Touchpad, or Ipad.
tablet_coby|I must say this is my first Tablet. And never had Android before. Have Iphones that are great. So I had to learn a lot and so far I am very very Happy with this Tablet. It has a great screen. Internet appears to be quick. I am writing this with it. I am about 70 feet from my router and I still connect ok. My little girl is trying to take it away from me lol. The one thing I don't know is why Amazon sells this and will not put Amazon apps on it ???. Amazon this would be and even better buy with your apps. But don't get me wrong Amazon is great place to buy from. You tube works good. I put a movie on memory chip and it played good. Getjar apps all seem to work ok. I like angry birds the best it looks a lot better on this big screen then my iphone. My Dad loves how the Bible will speak to him this is very nice. Email seems to work ok this is nice can set outside and read it. I like the Hdmi output it works great for movies. I have the keyboard but I like the one on screen. If you buy this I think you will like it. Ollie Update thank you Amazon for giving me access to your app store. it seems to have all the apps that I need. Also to the people who have Netflix it works very good. Also installed kindle app and its working great. It appears to do everything I need it to do for 300 dollars less then a Ipad. Ollie
tablet_coby|This tablet does all your basic functions: search the web, read books, facebook, play games.If you are looking for a budget minded tablet, check this one out!!I have found it easy to use, and it is very easy to switch between different applications.
tablet_coby|i bought the first one got it quickly,it lasted for about a day then stopped working,sent it back recieved another one that stopped working after a few hours,sent that one back recieved a third one tookit out of box switched it on and guess what it did not work.sent it back and got a refund,coby need to get there act togther,what good is cheap when it does not work,will not buy another coby product again
tablet_coby|This tablet was sold & ship by Amazon. It's very nice and in a good condition. It also has a very nice bag for the tablet.But, the WIFI connection is not fast enough for watching video on youtube. Sometimes, it's freeze.Be sure buy your product from Amazon seller, warranty for a good product.When you write a review, make sure write down who is your seller. So, readers can have a ideal which seller has a good product.
tablet_coby|I bought this tablet to replace one that I bought for my wife from a TV shopping channel. The one I bought, not a Coby, had a problem with seeing the perfectly good SD card as defective. I returned that tablet and they replaced it with another one but that one had the same problem. My sister also bought the same tablet and also experienced the SD card problem. I returned the second one and ordered the Coby from Amazon and my wife is totally pleased with it. I would buy another one if I needed another tablet.
tablet_coby|I was happy that the replacement of my order cobykyros 8" Android 4.0.4 GB internet tablet is working now. However, I have one problem for downloading "google store" how to download or install for google store. Because this is Android right? So I can install the Google store?
tablet_coby|I cheaped out and got this tablet....what a mistake...SUPER slow. The kind of slow that makes you want to throw it against a wall. Screen and graphics are good but freezes up all the time. Believe me, spend the extra money and get something faster like a Galaxy/IPad/Kindle Fire. Also, for some reason its an android by I can't purchase apps from Google Play (doesnt support it?).
tablet_coby|This tablet is exactly what I expected. Compact, lightweight, easy to use, the screen displays the colors perfectly, with 1GB RAM tablet is fast, apps open quickly. Along the edges the screen is a bit less responsive than in the center, but it does not create a problem. Excellent purchase for little money.
tablet_coby|i love my tablet, received on time, will let my freinds know, too easy it was to order, will keep buying!
tablet_coby|I bought a kindle and a playbook from amazon and had no troubles whatsoever so i felt confident purchasing two coby kyros for my kids xmas presents. They worked fine, everything was okay until last week( 4 months later)i realise i couldnt charge the tablets anymore. Apparently the piece for the charging port on the tablet fell back inside into the tablet. So now its got an empty hole where the charger entry is supposed to be. 4 months?? I dont live in the USA so basically my money is dead.I'll be thinking long and very hard before using amazon again.
tablet_coby|Its what you pay for...was mislead by another review, but FYI the android market is a NO go on this...also its slow, and has become a paper weight at this point for me. Would be much better with a better market. No point in buying a product that's &#34;like&#34; other products if it doesn't measure up... the market doesn't even come close. smh. Being generous with 3 stars. More like a 2 star, but the seller was great at getting me the product on time.
tablet_coby|I had to return mine due to technical problems. I really liked this pad too. It was big , light and very thin.Booted up fine and looked great on the desktop. Then I tried to run an app and that's where the trouble started. The machine would lock up, make loud popping noises and finish with a white line racing across the screen before going completely off. That can't be right, I thought. :) So I sent it back.If I were sure it was just a random bad unit, I would have gotten another one because I really did like it. Amazon's return procedure was fantastic and I couldn't be happier with that fact.As an owner of a 7&#34; pad I can tell you, if you're going to get one, get a 9-10&#34; and you'll be very happy. After using this Coby I had a hard time going back to the smaller one.
tablet_coby|aun no estan en mi poder no han llegado a venezuela espero lleguen pronto mis hijos lo estan esperando emocionados
tablet_coby|I love it! It works for my daughter and fiance. I mean the processing speed is slow to load everything but all around it's great!!!
tablet_coby|Excelente producto lo recomiendo el vendedor dio cumplimiento a tiempo y el producto lleno mis espectativas realmente es bueno lo recomiendo
tablet_coby|I don't like the tablet the slide me dose not have any game that I like to play and the andriod app will not download on my tablet. It downloads to every other divce I owned in the past. I dislike it that I am very up set .
tablet_coby|I chose this rating because I have discovered that the Kyros 9740 performs very sluggishly on the internet. When I compare the 9740 with a Kyros 7048 that I bought in December I find that the 7048 operates a lot faster on the net. I will reserve my recommendation of this tablet for the moment as I have only had it for 11 days and I am still getting familiar with its operation. I would be happy if someone could advise me as to how to get the 9740 to operate faster online. Apart from that everything else seems to be working well for the moment and performing to expectations. It is quite handy to move around with and great as an E-Reader.
tablet_coby|Looking for an inexpensive tablet for my grand kids, good price and so far works great, netflix works great, they like to play minecraft, works great for that. Grand kids love it. The charging jack on the unit worries me a bit, very small post, I am afraid it is not very sturdy, so far so good.The only problem I had was when I installed the Amazon app store, i have never been able to get it to work 2 times in a row. I have to uninstall the app and then re-download it and install it to get it to work. Dont think it is an issue with the tablet, but with the App.Overall very happy with my purchase. I have 3 grand kids, may have to get 2 more in the near future.
tablet_coby|I rarely write reviews, but this item really took the cake. I purchase many items online, read a lot of reviews beforehand and try to make an informed judgement. I wasn't looking for anything fancy, just something to stream some music on and maybe browse the internet when bored. The wifi on this thing is horrible. At first I thought maybe it was where I was using it. I then brought out my laptop and got fine reception everywhere. You can't stream netflix, pandora, or even get the apps to load in any kind of fluid motion. It will work great for 20 minutes sometimes and then not at all for the next hour. I probably spent more time troubleshooting it than I did using it. It was a gift from my wife for xmas, and I told her to get me one with the biggest screen, but for the price it should at least be able to perform basic functions that a tablet should.
tablet_coby|No one get this tablet. Horrible battery life. That's one of the main reasons i returned it. And camera has fuzzy picture. Getjar isn't as good as google play.
tablet_coby|great i love it . thing is though the screen is broken and i dont know how to get it replaced.it is a great product works excellent.
tablet_coby|Cheap, flimsy no Google market. I got these for my daughters for Christmas. They both use my tablet regularly with no problems, but these are weird, they have a different android interface, no swipe. The first time I tried to use the usb port it unattached from the mother board now it won't work and we need to factory reset and are unable to because , no usb capabilities. all it does it flashes through every aps she's ever opened. Crap should have went with my gut an bought the Google nexus ones for twice as much money I bet they would still be working. The one that is still working just bugs my daughters for a few idiosyncrasies it has, her biggest complaint is the camera isn't centered it is in the corner. It has a small ac adapter plug
tablet_coby|It works just like an ipad by apple!!!! In my opinion it works better. I would recommend it to my friends and family.
tablet_coby|I bought one for me and later another for my wife. Easy to use. Can be a little slow loading pages, but overall a very nice tablet for the price I paid for it.
tablet_coby|Disappointed that it has a android operating system, but doesn't have the android market. You can't download apps like facebook on the slideMe market, which comes with the tablet. Also, you can't email pics you take. I mainly bought the tablet to Skype, which it does but the quality is questionable. I would not recommend this product.
tablet_coby|This product is a waste of money and will have you ready to throw it out a window. GetJar App has VERY limited amount of apps available for product and alsmost nothing is free. Also get used to seeing &#34; Such and Such Program is not responding. Would you like to close this program&#34; I see that response more than i actually see a program work. Usually takes me a good 4-5min and about 6 tries to actually get any program to work. Seriously regret wasting my money on this item.
tablet_coby|love it-beautiful,beautiful,beautiful !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! only complaints- freezes up alot-runs slow at times( especially if more than 1 device using same internet router)
tablet_coby|The first 3 days with receiving the 2 Coby 7" tablets the screen on both stuck. I reset them and they started working again and now they have stick again about 10 times and one won't respond to touch. I could not return them because I had already threw away the orginal packaging. Would not advise this product,I order from amazon all the time and this is the first time I was dissapointed.
tablet_coby|I am happy with this item, a speed acceptable and cheap compari ng others tablets,. The price is the best.
tablet_coby|bought this for my 9-year old grandaughter for Christmas .. the first one came that did not work at all. Called Amazon and was able to return (without any hassles); new one works great! She loves it and I think it works alot better than I expected. For the price, it is a great gift for a kid and has alot of nice features.
tablet_coby|The camera is not good at all, but the tablet was worth every penny. I do have to say though my husband is great getting around electronics witch I think he play on this one before it got to be a fun tablet. like he told me &#34; that's what you pay for&#34; you know like user friendly.
tablet_coby|Friend wanted a tablet under $175. Husband looked at specs & what she would use it for & this was a good choice. Friend have used daughers' more expensive tablet & had some knowledge of using tablets, but not a tech person. She was happy with the functions once shown & becoming familiar with it. Haven't had too many questions from her, so....all good!
tablet_coby|I chose this rating because I ordered one and it kept restarting on me in the middle of a game, so they sent me another one for a replacement and it did the same thing and also the second one was hooked to the wireless, but then the wifi on the tablet went out and stopped connecting.
tablet_coby|I bought this product understanding it was not going to function like an iPad or a Windows tablet. But so far, the application store, book reader and overall experience is a disappointment. I am definately sorry i wasted money purchasing this device.
tablet_coby|Hi costumers, Coby MID1042-8 is very powerful tablet, battery is very hardly, it's alive time is about 8-10 hr. touch screen is very sensitive, CPU looks like normal and Video card is cool.I want to say some problems that this tablet has, The first is problem about relationship between USB Flash Drive and Coby, Second problem is on-screen home button do not perfectly work (when I install adobe flash and some apps, after that home button do nothing )If I found some other problems or some other remarkable things, I'll write hare.Best wishes,Avtandil Kavrelishvili
tablet_coby|I like my tablet coby, is as expected, the only thing I do not like is that you can not install wireless internet
tablet_coby|this item is not capatible to any of the apts. I can use it to down load NOOK. Which I did. I use it mostly to read books I buy from Barnes and Noble books.
tablet_coby|I can do what ever I want to on it. It's a open computer that you can take with you. Not big just the right size.
tablet_coby|I really like my new tablet but I'm still learning how to use all the things it will do. I find it so much easier to read books than on my Kindle. The light is better the screen is larger and I love just tapping to turn the page. Thank you
tablet_coby|This tablet is very good, fast and friendly, has a good webcam, the WIFI system is fast, the touch widescreen is perfect, I like this tablet, light and small, and at the same time excellent picture and performance, has micro sd and mini USB input, doesn't have google play or android market, but you can root the tablet and install it.
tablet_coby|Before i purchased the product i did lots of research. The tablet has excellent hardware, with horrible software. But there are several ways that the software problem can be solve if you know your way around linux and not afraid to load custom roms.The tablet doesn't have Google Play, but can be installed by the user if competent with linuxYou can't find a 10&#34; HD screen anywhere at this price point.
tablet_coby|I have just emailed Coby consumer care:I purchased two of the Coby Kyros 7-inch Android 4.0 4 GB Internet Tablets, with the 16:9 Capacitive Multi touch Widescreen with built in camera MID7048-4. This is been a nightmare. I know there are different sellers that are selling your products, but this has to be something consistent through the selling process with all vendors, which leads me to believe that Coby is the source of the problem. The chargers that were sent with the devices do not charge the device, had to go one of the local stores and buy a replacement charger for 40.00 each, so did my sister for her tablet, same tablet order from different seller on amazon.com. These were supposed to be new devices, I could better understand if they were used or refurbished. The USB cords sent with the devices are the incorrect USB, and will not even fit into the USB port, incorrect end. This is totally frustrating. I thought this would be the perfect gift for my for Christmas, but turns out to be the worst nightmare. I can go on and on with issues, but let me add one more thing. The Amazon App store you can download to the tablet, but once you- close it, then you have uninstall and re-install the app. If you purchase any apps online at the app store, you cannot download them to the tablet. I have paid for several but no way to get them to the tablet.
tablet_coby|Got this for my granddaughter for Christmas and it was a huge hit.. works great and easy to use !
tablet_coby|Love this product. I take it wherever I go, if I'm going to have to wait at an appointment, etc, to play games and skype and all kinds of other apps. Excellent product. Rivals the iPad even if I can't get the special apps that you can get with the iPad. Very enjoyable and works great.
tablet_coby|When you are trying to watch a video on you tube it takes for EVER to load! Very slow. Not what I expected. Looks good and is very nice looking for the price but your games take for ever and sometimes never load. Keep saying page not responding. Dissapointed!
tablet_coby|This has got everything I could want. I purchased this to replace a brpken tablet we had that we spent over $300 dolars for. This is way better and it is actually bigger than my old one.
tablet_coby|this is my first review on this tablet in fact this is first tablet ever hence i must in all fairness choose my words carefullyi recently returned this product to amazon because the wifi suddenly stop working i tried what little i could to get it working but to no avail. i did a factory reset and got nothing, i actually made an inquiry on this site and got two responses that kinda aided mw along in my decision to return the tablet. bearing in mind the principle: you get what you pay for i was quite contented with this tablet what should you be expecting for a tab costing under 200. interestingly enough my wife has one also and currently it works like a dream nevertheless amazon dealt with me in a very timely manner i returned the tablet just as i got it in the original packaging and got a full refund after 33 days which i in turn diverted toward another tablet something called a zto 9&#34; i'll let you how that goes the reviews i read are very decent
tablet_coby|This tablet is only really good for Internet use only. Does not have a good selection of apps. If your looking for hassle free and easy this is not the tablet for you.
tablet_coby|I like the tablet itself. I expected to be able to get more apps though. I wanted to get apps such as snap chat and simple games. It's a great tablet but not something I expected.
tablet_coby|Tablet does what I want it to do, but battery life is short. Does work well with usb case and key board
tablet_coby|Solida, con velocidad decente mas de lo que se espera recibir por el precio, la recomiendo ampliamente yo volveria a comprar una
tablet_coby|I bought two of the coby 7'' tablets for my girls for Christmas and they love them. I have never had a bit of trouble with them!! I just purchased a 10'' tablet for myself, and I couldn't be more pleased.( ordered another one today for my husband) It works very well and the screen is crystal clear!! Some people are distressed at the lack of google play on these tablets. There is a way around that!! If you go to 1 mobile dotcom you will find every app that Google play has. I have found netflix, accuweather, antivirus, Kindle, adblock, games, etc for these tablets. For the price these tablets are a gem!
tablet_coby|The program is easily installed and links automatically with my service plans.Great product and works with my electronic world completely.
tablet_coby|Todo excelente, la entrega del producto en el tiempo indicado, las condiciones del articulo fueron de acuerdo a la ofertadas.
tablet_coby|I love the 10 inch screen. lots of memory. I use it a lot to play all the music I have. i am really enjoying it. :)
tablet_coby|Im sorry I send the first email wrong, and I need to return this Coby, not the other because it came without camera, I ned with camera.I need some information how I can return.Thanks!! Cecilia M. Pereria
tablet_coby|It is a piece of junk. I work in the IT field and I can't even get this hunk of junk to work. And I KNOW what I'm doing. Save yourself the headache. Buy a REAL tablet. Don't waste your money. Take your family bowling instead. Save for 6 months so you can buy a tablet that works.So what doesn't work? Pretty much everything: it won't maintain an internet connection (if you're lucky to get one at all), it freezes up CONSTANTLY, it shuts itself down for NO REASON, etc. etc. etc. And don't think a factory reset is going to solve your problems. I've reset this thing about 5 times and it still sucks.Coby should be EMBARRASSED to be selling this. Lame-O.
tablet_coby|I deal for my son to continue school work while on the go. His work is sent to him via email and he can read and start straight away rather than waiting till he gets home.
tablet_coby|I've just bought it for my little sister. Doesn't has Google Play, instead of that brings a so called &#34;Get Jar&#34; application store with many free apps, not Google Play, but for my little sister is fairly ok. The touch screen is very smooth and the camera is OK for video with Skype (VGA). A great value for the price and a great entry level tablet.
tablet_coby|I am really enjoying the versatility of the tablet. The size is great for me and the weight carries well.
tablet_coby|Bought for my 9 year old for Christmas, seemed to be a great tablet for the price but we have had it 2 months now and it has quit working completely! :( we were always having Internet connection issues(ruled out my Internet provider), it had to be reset because of the screen freezing multiple times and now it doesn't work at all.
tablet_coby|What makes this device cool , is its good performance compared to its price.Good for people who doesn't care about cutting-edge technologies
tablet_coby|I cannot imagine why consumer rating companies haven't rated this tablet. It does everything the manufacturer says it will and has a super-great price tag. I reccommend this tablet to anyone who wants a quality product for a reasonable price.
tablet_coby|lo compre y me gusto lo unico que necesita es el sistema de android para descargar los programas y juegos
tablet_coby|this product stinks had it 3 days and charging jack broke avoid at all costs not a good value stinks
tablet_coby|You need patience to use this tablet to check email and use social network sites. It is also fragile and is currently having problems with the touch screen a short 1 1/2 months after purchase. I'm glad I bought a warrenty, I think I'll be using it frequently. It is a good size and handy to use on the go, fits easily into my purse WITH a protective hard cover, not the sleeve that came with it. I'm not sure if I would buy this again, it was very reasonable in price but I'm not sure if it is even worth what I paid. On the other hand, tablets are fragile...
tablet_coby|Se recibio el producto sin ningun inconveniente, articulo en excelentes condiciones. Producto de buena calidad y especificaciones de la caja.
tablet_coby|could never get it to load, never got to use it, I got one at the local Best by, and took it back, then ordered one from Amazon and it did the same thing. I talked to the customer service rep at Coby and was no help, so I sent it back, I still want a tablet but not one made by cobyThank you Ed Wallace
tablet_coby|Overall this tablet was good for the money spent. It's got plenty of apps and games to search through. I've had it for over two months and still haven't gotten through all of them. Easy to use app store and navigation through the menus. My only problem is sometimes the apps will say they have stopped working, but they will start right back up. Inconvenient, but not a reason to turn away from this tablet. I would definitely recommend this product.
tablet_coby|the product works good for my 9 years old , every now and then it freezes and have to reset it.
tablet_coby|I love this tablet, of course there is other models much better that this one but for the price is unbeatable :)
tablet_coby|I bought this for my 11 year old Granddaughter, she loves it. If excedded what I thought it would do. I would recommend it highly.
tablet_coby|I can say this product if it was the Christmas present for a nephew, a tablet suitable for children, and also to use it to study and surf the internet, I will buy another.
tablet_coby|My husband purchase this Coby. He likes using it and likes the size. It isn't as fast as my Samsung which does frustrate himfrom time to time.
tablet_coby|It has its limits, wish I would have spent more for something better. Maybe something a little bigger would be nice also.
tablet_coby|No snob appeal brand. Let others pay for big name. Good quality with fabulous English manual. Good price (not bargain) compared to big names.
tablet_coby|I would have to say.. .for the price and the basic function I need at my fingertips. For example: email,music, internet search, and most of all downloading videos and netflix. It was well worth the price. :-)
tablet_coby|the coby kyros is a good TABLET but is Poorly Built.The Back Is Plastic and the fist time i dropped it the whole screen came of and jammed my button.Also It Is Very Hard to Put Music And If You Buy I reccomend rooting So You Get The Play Store Getjar Has a Small Selection.
tablet_coby|The tablet was purchased as a Christmas gift and the WiFi didn't work out of the box. The tablet has a cheap feel to it and is poorly constructed as well. To get the WiFi problem fixed and because 30 days had elapsed since purchase (waiting for Christmas), I had to ship the unit back to Coby rather than return it, This included shipping at my cost, and a $15 money order to cover shipping & handling back to me.Poor quality and poor service. Don't buy this product.
tablet_coby|We purchased this for our 5 year old son because his father was getting an iPad and we wanted him to be able to have his own tablet, so he wouldn't constantly be harassing my husband. For about a week, we tried using the GetJar store that comes preloaded on the tablet. There simply aren't enough apps to make this very functional for a younger audience. We researched this problem and saw Android tablets almost always need jailbroken to be more useful. My husband is tech savy and had no problems completing the process. Now that the google play store is available, it is much better. The processor speed is great for what we need it. We made sure to be a microSD card for extra storage so we can load his movies onto it. It has been nice for our long car trips! Well worth the $90 price point.
tablet_coby|Can't get google play wife wants scrabble can't get facebook app. Wish I would have known wouldn't have bougth it.
tablet_coby|muy bueno el d&iacute;a de entrega fue el dicho sin ning&uacute;n inconveniente total mente r e c o m e n d a d o
tablet_coby|I use this mainly for reading, but my husband has been able to find lots of free apps for this, plus can sync our excel program to load spreadsheets onto it and use that on the go. Good for watching movies, playing games, and the touch screen is great. My only complaint is the user manual is not very deep, and you have to, if you have no experience with tablets like me, just fiddle with certain things, like figuring how to get icons off the homescreen.
tablet_coby|I bought this tablet for my husband and he is so happy with it. I showed him how to use it and he is able to use it without my help. Great produce and the price was so reasonable.
tablet_coby|We bought an 8 inch tablet. This was our first tablet. Quality was good. Speed was good. It never froze up on us. The only problem I had was that it came with Get Jar app store and not Amazon app store or Google Play. We couldnt get those to work on it. If you are buying this for cool apps, I would not recommend this tablet. If your buying for other reasons, it is a good tablet.
tablet_coby|In my 29 years old daughters words.... this Tablet ROCKS!!she says she couldn't live with out it now...she can do her work on it instead of being at work all night.
tablet_coby|My daughter has not put this tablet down since we recieved it. It is a very nice tablet .The clarity is very vivid. She loves how it goes right onto the next selection smoothly with the touch screen. The camera is Awesome as well. I would definetly be buying more products with this name associated with it in the future.Sincerely,A Happy Mother! Sue Gooden
tablet_coby|The coby tablets does all I need for it to do. I'm so glad I got this as a first tablet . I was able to learn on this one
tablet_coby|I am getting my third one if this one don't work right I am sending it back and won't buy one like it again
tablet_coby|Bought this to replace a MID 7034-4. For a few extra bucks, the quality is much superior. Don't waste your time with resistive screens.
tablet_coby|i have found that when you purchase from some sites, i am unable to download the books. thus a purchase that cannot be used. i have found that it is best to use Amazon only.
tablet_coby|I found this product very poor and did not meet the minimum for a tablet. You can not access the most popular app stores which limits it use and I had to reboot often when accessing the internet. I did not keep this product based on misrepresentation.
tablet_coby|Nice tablet, but I couldn't download the Google store app, so I returned it. I suggest that Google store app be accessible.
tablet_coby|Very less internal storage left for users. Minimum 8 GB should be there. GPRS service can also be provided. Thanx.
tablet_coby|I thoroughly enjoy this tablet. It does everything that I expected. The only set back was the Office Suite Software. It did not operate correctly, and had hidden charges that you don't see until the product has been checked out.
tablet_coby|A great starter for our chidren. Easy to set up and operate. Great price. Looks cool too. I will buy another soon for our family.
tablet_coby|The Coby Kryos is nice for the price but the battery power does not last very long. There are a couple of sites you can download apps from but you cannot access google play apps.
tablet_coby|For the price it's an Okay product. Upside - decent screen resolution, relatively easy system navigation and great for reading. Downside - disappointing the operating system does not allow access to Google market. Fix is download of apk file but a pain for a new product based on Android. Speaker sound quality okay but with ear buds no problem.
tablet_coby|Este tablet, es muy pr&aacute;ctico para un uso basico, juegos,web,reader...el unico punto en contra q le veo es la camara q es de muy baja resoluci&oacute;n y solo trae enfrente...no atr&aacute;s
tablet_coby|I did not need a lot of apps or connectivity and product delivered waht advertised, But I was disappointment with was avaialble and still hving issues with downloading. customer service below awful
tablet_coby|my tablet does not work is damaged, my problem is that I'm in Venezuela and I would like a new one or my money back, I'm not happy with my purchase is the second I buy but I came damaged
tablet_coby|I am pleased with this Tablet! It does what I bought it for. It is not limited to only one kind of reading files. You can download Kindle, Nook and other files! The only thing that I wish it had was Google Play. I still need to root mine so I can get into Google Play. I would recommend this. exspecially if you want to just read or play games! The size is not too big and not too small. I believe it is sized right for all ages!
tablet_coby|my wife love her new tablet,thats the best peace a man can buy.lol So thanks to the maker over there at coby kyros i love u guys.
tablet_coby|The children were so happy with gift at Christmas time. The product was as good as I'd hoped it would be. Thanks
tablet_coby|I just bought the 10 inch version of this product about a week ago. I hated it at first and I even filed for a return. On a second thought, I decided to research some helpful hints and forums. DON'T BOTHER TRYING TO FORCE GOOGLE PLAY ONTO THIS DEVICE. IT IS NOT NECESSARY. Simply use the tablet browser to go to the getjar app website and download the getjar app. When you get the getjar app, download the "good e-book reader" app. Another great appstore is called mobile 1 app store. Between the three of these appstores, you have access to almost all of the nicer apps that google play has. Mobile 1 appstore has probably the best selection for a google play alternative. Also, get rid of the default browser and get yourself dolphin browser. The default browser is so and crashes frequently, but the problem is solved simply by installing a different browser. Also, the amazon appstore will work on this tablet. Now that I have access to many googleplay apps, I love it.
tablet_coby|Excellent Product. Make a good investment.coby tablet 8. &#34;It's a good product, very useful for managing information, comfortable, easy to use and versatile.
tablet_coby|I bought 2 of these , one for myself and another for a friend. They both died within 30 days!!! Just would not power on after being on the charger all night. same thing happened to both about 1 week apart.I plan on getting another Android Tablet but definitely not a Kyros
tablet_coby|This tablet I bought for my son home from college. He has a laptop as well but likes the compact size of this tablet and the fact that you can take along with you. Only one minor problem:We couldn't figure out at first how to download aps, which I read on other buyers' comments. That problem was quickly solved. Very happy, well-priced, fast shipper.
tablet_coby|This was a gift, wish I would have ordered same for me, it's performance and amenities better than what I purchased for me
tablet_coby|I was given one on trade so I have no money invested in this.On that note here is my impression.If you have ever held an Ipad, kindle fire, or Nexus 7 then don't get your hopes up on this thing.This is more like holding an Etch-a-Sketch. It is very cheap plastic and the buttons feel like the buttons on the old Tiger handheld games.Their is no Google Play store just this junky getjar app store which has 1/4 of the apps the google play store has.The capacitive touch is terrible. I spent a great deal double or triple tapping icons so they would launch.Also this is running Ice cream sandwich 4.0.3 which is not too bad, but its not good either considering right now you can buy a Nexus 7 for $200 and it is a much more powerful machine with better resolution even though it is only a 7" screen.Save your money and purchase something else.
tablet_coby|I bought one for my son and I.. Its often very slow and mine isn't working at all..Hardly used it and it's only been a little over a month.. The touch screen if off. I have to constantly go back because it doesn't direct me correctly the first time I touch the screen.. A complete waste of my money..
tablet_coby|The tablet is alright. But as far as pictures, its not. Didn't like the camera or how the wallpaper sets the picture up. It was too blurry and big.
tablet_coby|broke first week poor construction and quality and i had purchased 2 of them bla bla bla bla bla bla
tablet_coby|:-( El dispositivo no llen&oacute; mis expectativas, no hay forma ni manera posible de instalar el &#34;Google Play&#34;.:(ll__ll /____
tablet_coby|Bought this tablet in place of my 2 year old using my phone or tablet. Figured I'd take it out of the box, power her up and he could play like a pro without me worrying about him breaking something important on mine. So, thats not how it worked. I'm not a techie, can't really get much onto the tablet, it has to charge in an outlet vs usb, no Google play apps, the screen is rough/seems covered with a film, swyping isn't smooth, still trying to figure out how to get s*** up n running. .. i kinda wish my 2 yr old WOULD break something on it- good excuse to throw it away. Next time, I'll pay the extra dollars and buy a real tablet. So glad I got this on super sale for $45... it's simply a pain to work with on every level.
tablet_coby|A product with excellent support for browsing and more.desire in later acquire other items of this brand since acquired fascinated me.
tablet_coby|Hello,I bought a Coby Tablet with you. The device is not working properly. I followed the instructions to recharge the battery and after the 8 hours as stated in the manual, the device start to getting hot and smell like burned plastic. I would like to get a refund o at least to change the device. Please let me know What I have to do.THanks,
tablet_coby|I receive the article but doesn't work, the article crashes all time and I need restarted continuosly. I tried to get support from coby but doesn't have in Colombia apart of this they offered a patch for solve the issue but doesn't work to
tablet_coby|Excelente producto. Muy versatil, facil de manejar y sobre todo rapida en la conexion a internet. la recomiendo ampliamente. Comprenla con seguridad
tablet_coby|Coby Kyros 8-Inch Android 4.0 4 GB Internet Tablet 4:3 Capacitive Multi-Touchscreen with Built-In Camera, Black MID8048-4 Great price and Great functioning, HOWEVER, it totally died after 8 weeks for no reason and with minimal usage.(not dropped or scratched)It won't charge or even turn on. UGH!Sending this one back and because I really liked using it I'm going to take a chance on a replacement.Will definitely get back here to update.
tablet_coby|bought this as a christmas gift. its 2 months old and now it dosent charge. cant use it. installed apps are not that good. need to have more. dont know what to do with it.
tablet_coby|I bought this for my son for Christmas, and it is incompatible with Google Play Store (which I knew from reading other ratings), but it's also only semi-compatible with the Amazon App store - I have to uninstall and reinstall the Amazon App store every few days. Also, even though you can get the apps from there, many of them don't run on this tablet. Still, it was relatively cheap, and it still has a lot of apps that do work. If you're looking for something that does everything you want, this isn't the tablet, but if you want to be able to play some games, surf the internet, etc, it works well enough.
tablet_coby|have to be at church this morning! but we thank you all.......and have a blessed day! the kids are enjoying the gift.
tablet_coby|I figured that instead of always carrying my laptop around, i can now carry my tablet and still have the same features with less baggage. It works good, however, sometimes the browser locks up but that might just be because of signal problems in the area where I live. Good choice guys.
tablet_coby|Everything about this product is greatWish the battery lasted longer but otherwise it is perfect for my needsWould highly recommend
tablet_coby|Very Good for the price, if you have kids, this is the best option under $100, of course. Android 4, 1 gb ram, 7" screen. WiFi connection good very good!
tablet_coby|This thing is a piece of junk, The app market that comes with it is very small and only has worthless apps. They say to use the Amazon app store but it is very unstable on this tablet and crashes after every 2 or 3 downloads and must be reinstalled. You will be much happier with a more reliable brand such as the google or samsung tablets.. This is deffinatly a mistake to buy even for the price. It only works sometimes and the touch sensitivity is really bad.
tablet_coby|It is not responsive to the touch like a touch screen smart phone, or apple product. I have had to touch several times before it responds a lot. Would not recommend if you have already used apple products or good smart phones. You will get frustrated. Might recommend for kids who have never used other devices. I bought this for my 3rd grader who has used a touch screen iPod, but he wanted a bigger screen. Both of us get frustrated trying to use it because we are used to good quality products. Now he doesn't use it, and has gone back to his iPod. If I could go back would spend a little more for one of the other brands like amazon or google.
tablet_coby|The upper part of the screen has less sensitivity and I have a hard time for it to respond to the touch. It came with no headphones and the battery life needs improvement. I don't like that it doesn't have the google marketplace to download apps, but I already knew that before the purchase, however I decided to give it a try and very often the service is not available.
tablet_coby|I bought this for my husband and set it up for him. finding some of the apps I wanted was tricky like to get the kindle reading app I had to download an app that gave access to the different reading apps but I got it and the kindle app store on it. I have a kindle fire HD which I love, but this was a great alternative at a much cheaper price. I'm glad I bought it.------- updated Jan 21---------- We are now having the same charging problem as I've seen written repeatedly in these reviews. Amazon is willing to replace, but I'm not hopeful it won't just happen with a new one. As an electrician, my husband can fix it but that is not the point. if this defect can be resolved I would still recommend it highly for the price. oh well.
tablet_coby|This tablet has worked perfectly since I got it. It's easy to use and I'm still enjoying exploring it. Long lasting battery. I highly recommend reading the suggestions offered by some of the very helpful & knowledgable users who comment on this product. Yes I got googleplay, bookbub, and love 1mobile.com
tablet_coby|Se observa de muy buena calidad. Me siento completamente satisfecho con la compra realizada. Solo que observo que me llego con mucho mucho retraso y fue el punto negativo que le doy a mi compra
tablet_coby|For my first tablet and for the price I paid, I got exactly what I expected. This was a gift for a total techno-newbie, she can now work this totally on her own.
tablet_coby|This is an ok tablet. Not the best I have found. It's good for doing simple tasks on, but that's about it. There is another one that has way more to offer and is a much better choice.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B009WIW5VS/ref=as_li_ss_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=390957&creativeASIN=B009WIW5VS&linkCode=as2&tag=amazon070f-20
tablet_coby|over all good tablet got it for my grand kids and they were able to easily move around the screens and one is 3 yrs old the other 8
tablet_coby|another product that was a gift, the person who has gained much from him, very good product excellent resolution and high quality.
tablet_coby|For a 100$ tablet, I would have to say that this one is pretty good. It seems to run quick and has the newest android OS on it. I was a little disappointed at first when I got it for there was no Google play store. All it had was a GetJar store which doesn't even have kindle on it. I rooted this device and installed the Google play store and since I have really enjoyed it. I noticed some apps do not work with this device such as my favorite game We Rule. Overall though I am happy with this tablet.
tablet_coby|It is limited in application. It cannot sync with google apps and therefore a callender account cannot be set and google apps cannot be downloaded. As a result you cannot set appointments and events. It has only a front loading camera. This makes video recording akward. The pluses are the ereader, the games from getjar which the kids love and the skype app. Apart from these I would not recommend buying it.
tablet_coby|I am very pleased with the Coby Kyros Tablet. A little worried the same thing will happen as the first one I purchased( huge black mark appeared on the screen and got bigger everytime I touched the screen, then the hole picture got very blurry and fuzzy then the screan would black out every 30 secs for about 5 secs kind of like a blink and touch senses wouldn't wrk). There are a few flaws but there not too bad.( the lock screen when u turn it on it always comes on sideways and u only have one sec to unlock of it will lock back up, I dnt like the format of the websites, I dnt like the cropping options for wallpaper and not too many good apps to be downloaded) The customer service was excellent when I called about the first ones issues, I got it less then 48 hrs after I made the call. Overall I am very pleased!
tablet_coby|producto de gran calidad y muy economico, lo que buscaba me gusto mucho llego e perfecto estado, seguire comprando excelente
tablet_coby|My got this for Xmas and absolutely loves it, easy to use and for him to download the information that he needs. All functions have worked better then the last tablet he had.
tablet_coby|works great, shipment came on time as the seller promised. I would recommend this to all my friends, if you buy this you would not be disappointed. I can even use my external hard drive with this
tablet_coby|I liked it and I thilnk my granddaughter will eventually learn it. She is 7 and I am no genius so it will take time. I wish I would have got more memmory
tablet_coby|It is not what I expected.My son likes it. Ok for the price.Takes too long to charge. Maximum volume is poor.
tablet_coby|Muy buen equipo muy rapido responde muy bien al multi- touch en las apicaciones muy rapido la calidad de los videos es muy nitida muy buena
tablet_coby|This product doesn't work with Android Apps. It cracks all the way across the screen, without dropping it or doing anything to it and the owner won't answer your emails when you ask for a refund. So, unless you want the arduous task of filing a fraud claim with your bank, like I am, don't buy it!!
tablet_coby|Google play does not work in this tablet. Therefore you can not download apps. There is not help with this problem. What can we do.?Is there a refund?
tablet_coby|if you just want to surf the internet it is an ok tablet. If you are looking to do other office related things it is not the tablet for you. I returned this tablet. Everything I needed to do on the tablet required that you purchase an app. In addition you needed google play to open the door to apps that may have been beneficial to what I needed to the tablet for. Surprise.... you cannot access google play on this tablet it does not run on this platform.
tablet_coby|I bought this item for my niece and nephew as a Christmas present. And even for young kids, the tablet was affordable an easy to use.
tablet_coby|Avoid ant tablet with GetJar as their primary App Store. There are ways around it, but too much for a review. There are better options out there.
tablet_coby|The tablet is okay but it does not get Google Play so there are a lot of games that cannot be down loaded. It is slow to down load items at times and you also have to hit down load like 3 times when you download some items
tablet_coby|It is my first tablet, and I love it! It is just the right size. weight and capacity. Perfect for everybody at home.
tablet_coby|for the price this item is worth it... my only problem is that it didnt come with an APP store setup on it so i cant download a virus protection so i am limited with my downloads....but i love the book stores and reader d camera takes clean photos SO I HOPE SOMEONE CAN HELP ME WITH A VIRUS PROTECTION LINK!!!!!!!!
tablet_coby|I Like it, great choose... This product is faster, my expectative about it was make... thanks for all service .
tablet_coby|buenas tardes a todos y la familia amazon contento por las tabletas adquiridas en amazon felicidades y 1000 por ciento al vendedor gracias muy buenas
tablet_coby|Con los dedos es f&aacute;cil. Con capacitiva, tecnolog&iacute;a multi-touch, esta tableta responde r&aacute;pida y natural al tacto. Interactuar directamente con lo que hay en la pantalla, pellizcar, tocar, arrastrar o deslizar. encontrar&aacute; algunos grandes juegos en la tienda libre de Coby Android App. Busque y descargue miles de las aplicaciones m&aacute;s populares. Con rompecabezas, estrategia, acci&oacute;n juegos de carreras, y mucho m&aacute;s, hay algo para todos.
tablet_coby|Rooted it, and installed all the apps I need. It's practically as useful as my laptop since the reduced size means I don't need a backpack to carry it around safely. Get a case w/ a keyboard, they make all the difference!
tablet_coby|good product and the price is what made me buy it . I needed something not to heavy to pack around at school. I bought the keyboard case with it and this is a perfect set up. It does take some knowledge on how to get around to downloading apps you want ,the get jar app didnt have everything I needed. You do need to install a few different app programs to get arround this issue. If you just stuck with what is on the tablet its pretty boring but learn how to minipulate it and its almost like a mini netbook. I do recomend the key board case to make it more useful, without it i dont think i would like it as much. the tablet its self is fast, volume could be better, and the picture is nice.
tablet_coby|It is easy to use,you do not have to tap the screen hard to move from one place to another.
tablet_coby|The shipment was a success, the best and very good product. me vino con todos sus accesorios, no me quejo
tablet_coby|Total waste of money! i bought 3 for Christmas...2 of them don't work any more. One won't charge and the other arrived with damage! I'm sorry i didn't go to job lot and got it there!
tablet_coby|This device was slow to browse and amazon app store is glitchy if you are used to play store. I returned the item within 1 week because I couldn't stand it any longer. I would hit the back soft key to go back a page while web browsing and the Kyros takes so long to go back it makes you think you haven't really hit the back key... so you hit it again. But you really did hit the key so now you go back two pages. This scenario happens alot. Waiting on the Kyros to load.
tablet_coby|So far my wife has read some books and played a few of the common game apps. Nothing major, but she is telling me that the tablet itself is sluggish or slow. I'm going to look into a return for another one or a return for a different one. UPDATE. Returned for a full refund!
tablet_coby|I BOUGHT THIS TABLET FOR MY WIFE! I HAVE TO SAY IT IS EVEN BETTER THEN I EVER EXPECTED. WHAT A DEAL!!!
tablet_coby|Es un buen producto, con una interfaz grafica amigable. Si es multitouch. En ocasiones puede ser dificil interactuar con elementos que esten al margen de la pantalla. En lineas generales es un producto adecuado si se quiere manejar elementos basicos de las tablet y a un precio m&aacute;s accesible.
tablet_coby|This is my new friend...I love it...my wife loves hers...we cannot get enough of them! I highly recommend this to everyone. Who needs an Ipad....
tablet_coby|I recently bought this crap for my daughter she literally played with it for 3 hours and it became completely unresponsive . The thing wouldn't even turn off. The get it store is a complete joke . This purchase was a complete waste of time and money. RETURN!!!!!
tablet_coby|I did some research on this tablet before I bought it. I was looking for something inexpensive but worked well. I just needed it for some light web surfing and to keep my 8 year old occupied when we go out. Its hard to download apps because it has GetJar which hardly has anything worth downloading. You can download Amazon App Store and another app store but they kept force closing its extremely irritating. I ended up returning it after 2 weeks and getting a Kindle Fire for roughly the same price which I love. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone for any reason.
tablet_coby|This a sweet machine, great price, love it, very handy. We love it. Easy to use, Great for surfing. Nice
tablet_coby|This was competitive in price with others but this just didn't deliver. It also came to me with an unlock problem. Goobye!
tablet_coby|Heavy compare to other tablets. get heat up pretty quick. It actually shot down since my son over used it. Now, it impossible to turn off.
tablet_coby|No back camera, Having trouble getting in Net Flex, Trouble getting a address book, Still working on these.. The info book dosen't tell you how to get things on the tablet..
tablet_coby|I bought 2 different Coby Kyros Androids on Black Friday 2012. Here it is 18 Jan 2013 and both products are defective. I called Coby customer service and they were no help. The Wi-Fi capabilities for whatever reason goes out. Read reviews on Google. Splurge and get a better product. You will save in the long run. I am in the market for a new tablet for school. Suggestions?
tablet_coby|easy to used my little daughter love it. I recommended purchase this item only thing don't give 5 star is why I can't install google play.
tablet_coby|I ordered this product for a Christmas gift for my elementary school aged daughter, thinking that it would be good enough for the games, videos and books she reads, and we could save a little bit of money. After the initial hassle trying to get apps to work, it was ok (I followed the Q&A on amazon to set up the app store). But after two weeks it stopped charging and it was a huge hassle trying to get anyone from the manufacturer to respond to my service request. Now I am supposed to send it in to the manufacturer for repair or replacement, but I also have to include a money order for $15 to cover the return shipping. Apparently they don't support their product enough to be able to cover the shipping costs for their customers - and no personal checks or credit cards are accepted for the return shipping payment.Incidentally, I also purchased the extended warranty, but they won't cover this because they say it is still covered under manufacturers warranty. At this point, I just want my money back and to never look at this piece of junk again.Now that the prices for Kindle Fire have gone down, I just ordered one of those. The cost difference is not that much anymore and I have had a great experience with my Kindle.It was definitely not worth the $50 price difference to order the COBY product. It is unusable after less than one month.
tablet_coby|I purchased this tablet for my 11 year old daughter for Christmas....so far it hasn't been what I expected. We are still learning how to download things and at times there are apps that show up in the &#34;get jar&#34; that just won't download. I believed that this was going to have the google play store and it doesn't. Still deciding on what exactly to do with it...
tablet_coby|We as a family have enjoyed the tablet......We love the size of the screen and are thinking about buying a few more for the house.
tablet_coby|I wanted a tablet that could meet the needs of my 12 year old son without having to spend close to a mortgage payment to get it. I had went through all the tablets on Amazon and other websites and this tablet had the best reviews.. Although it does not have Google play to download apps, The amazon Marketplace is spectacular, My son was so excited and has not put it down since he got it for Christmas. He is happy and that lets me know that I made the right choice for him..The pages load pretty quickly the apps are up to date and download with no problem and most of the popular ones are free. So I have no complaints at all .. He can listen to Pandora all day and the battery life does not die very quickly as I have seen in most reviews about the android tablet..
tablet_coby|This is a wonderful tablet. It was exactly what I was expecting. Great value. It made a wonderful Christmas present
tablet_coby|LOVE IT (Except I can't leave it at that because more words are required) LOVE IT, LOVE IT, LOVE IT
tablet_coby|I bought it for my grandsons. They love them both.cant beat the price.theyre still working away and they're are pretty tough,also. Cuz them boys don't go easy on things.highly recommend
tablet_coby|i purchased this tab and i love it. it is everythign it says it is. no problems w netflix/amazon video, no problems at all.it has a front and rear cameras.. the sound could be better, but hey, i am not complaining, ok? downloads videos/music, i mean for my needs it's the best, and it did not cost me a bundle....i would buy another one, anytime.........Coby Kyros 9.7-Inch Android 4.0 8 GB Internet Tablet 4:3 Capacitive Multi-Touchscreen with Built-In Camera, Black MID9740-8
tablet_coby|Coby kyros. Arrepentida de haber hecho la compra, tengo ya casi un mes de tener la tableta y no puedo bajar nada ( don't have the white shopping bag),he llamado a servicio al cliente y nadie atiende , ustedes me pueden ayudar??
tablet_coby|I ended up giving this to my son for Christmas it was totally not my thing very hard to use.
tablet_coby|Pros:Low cost, good presentationCons:Applications are frozen, you have to be constantly resetting the system under performance. It is certified with Google play this is a serious disadvantage, each parameter to be configured to emulate the operation over other brands is simply impossible. Applications start working for a while and a few days stop working.
tablet_coby|This product ran great for about a week. It was never slow, connected to the wifi every time, never had a problem. After about three or four uses, the screen went blank and it would not even turn on. I returned this product. Such a shame because, like I said, it ran great when it was being used.
tablet_coby|i got this item in four days after when i order this wright to my door no problems happy whith
tablet_coby|Great purchase. Excelent product and incredible price. Highly recommended.Bought it for my sister as a Christmas present and she loved it.
tablet_coby|the 8&#34; is a bit bigger easier to read and has a larger screen. Draw back is that there are not many covers for it.I seem to have to charge it a lot. It is not a full computer and at times that is frustrating. It would not let me put on 'gmail plus and that is frustrating. I can get on the internet easily when I am out and most places it is easy to get online.
tablet_coby|I got this for my wife to read books on because the Kindle white is quite small and only shows one page at a time. She loved this. It shows both pages just like a book and is just what she wanted. The battery life is the only problem. It's about 3 hours. So, just about every time she gets done reading she has to recharge the battery.
tablet_coby|Well I went and bought this thinking it was a good deal till I got it and very disappointed I am im returning it as soon as possible it always say not responding when my laptop never does frustrating me alot so save ur money I wish I did
tablet_coby|So far so good. I bought this for my 8-year old. He found all the games. Sometimes it drops a regular wifi connection. But does really good on the road w/a hotspot (strange). He enjoys it.
tablet_coby|Came in the time they told me it would and its everything they said. cahrged it right up and havent had any issues with it. i have to just get use to it because i am an Iphone so switching from apple to android is probably the hardest part of it all
tablet_coby|This is a solid but lightweight machine. Great for browsing the internet, Youtube, Netflix. Getjar app sight is pathetic. Poor apps full of adware. Cant use Google Play due to licensing, couldnt get Amazon work as well. Don't expect too much and you wont be disappointed. Built in wifi seems to lose its connectivity when powered off. Maybe I should change this review to 3 stars.
tablet_coby|Well I guess it would be OK really. The only thing is about once a week the thing resets itself and the it's in Chinese. Then I have to go into settings and change it back to English. But then all the Music and Apps were deleted when it reset itself and then you have to go back in reinstall. So I dont think I will be getting another one.
tablet_coby|I find this tablet to run slow. The market isnt so great. Doesnt really any internal storage and needs a micro sd card. I only paid $100 so i guess its great for someone on a restricted budget. If you can afftod a couple hundred more then dont buy this.
tablet_coby|I bought this for my wife for Christmas. .She is a novice with these type of things, but she loves to get on our PC and play with her e-mail, facebook etc. This product has a large screen for her and once she learned a little about it, she loves it. I would recommend this to anyone.
tablet_coby|This was a Christmas present for my son. It arrived 2 days before it was scheduled to arrive and the price was $10 cheaper than I could get it at the store.My son loves it.
tablet_coby|We bought each of our kids these as Christmas presents (ages 8 and 11). Love the tablet. I did download amazon App Store like some other reviews recommended and use that more than the Getjar one installed for apps. We were able to download all the popular games. Netflix works well and doesn't lag. Speed is decent. Overall it's totally worth the money. We have had no problems with either one. Camera isn't the greatest but takes decent pics.
tablet_coby|My first tablet, finally got myself a wireless gizmo. Hooked up wifi at my home, was happy with it. Today I turned it on and half my folders were gone. I had to re-install a bunch of stuff it &#34;lost&#34;. NOT FUN. One reason I got a device like this is that I'm an artist and I want to have my portfolio available when I want to show it to people. Yes, my stuff is online too but simply having the photos available on the tablet was what I wanted. Now I have to wonder every time I turn it on if everything is going to be there. Not happy.
tablet_coby|veiwing web pages is slow to load. Tablet wil freeze up when trying to load. Have to wait and start over
tablet_coby|This product is just not good quality.I purchased it for my grandson for Christmas and he used it for 1 week and it just stopped working.The return policy is clear.No warranty just return if it is not open.I would not recommend this product to anyone.
tablet_coby|Bought 2 of these.Worked great out of box.Unfortunately had to return both.Received one replacement so far so good.Waiting on second one.Amazon return policy was fantastic.Hopefully second one will be good also
tablet_coby|I ordered this because a co-worker purchased one and was very happy with his. The first one I ordered was DOA. The second one seemed fine, but after only a month the battery drains from 100% to shutdown after only 90 minutes on WiFi - sometimes not that long! It does not have the Google Play Store available unless you root it, which would be fine if that was known up front. The available browsers (native browser, Dolphin, Opera) are either terrible, or don't interact well with the product. One of the main reasons I got the tablet was ease of blogging, and the Blogger site doesn't run correctly on any of them. The display is... OK. There's this weird shadowing thing that goes on when the screen tilts even a little bit. I know this is a bargain tablet, but I expect it to at least do the things it is built for, and it doesn't even provide the basics reliably. The most disappointing electronics purchase I've ever made.
tablet_coby|Happy with product! However for somereason can not download google play which has many moore apps for my 5yr old to play then the app that is already installed.
tablet_coby|Excelente Calidad del Producto y Buen Precio para Comparar. Tiempo de Entrega en Orden. Esta es una de mis marcas preferidas.
tablet_coby|The only gripe with this is the fact that it seems to take forever to charge and not long to have its battery depleted, having to wait until its charged again, just a pain. returning it and will probably get an iPad mini.
tablet_coby|I both 2 tablets for my children for xmas. Within a week, not even I had to send BOTH of them back to the manufactors. A green line appeard down the middle of my sons tablet and would not go away. The jacket for the headphones didnt work. I would plug the headphones in and you could still hear the music playin thru the tablet speakers. The headphone jack on my daughters tablet didnt work at all. Besides all of that the apps that the have for games are sooo corney. No good games. I cant even download GooglePlay on this tablet. I wish I would have never purchased this table. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND ANYBODY TO BUY THIS PRODUCT.
tablet_coby|First purchase I do hereby seemed serious and responsible ... I recommend it! .. that is why I give it the highest rating ...
tablet_coby|I say that because being new to buying tablets and being on a low budget I am afraid I have bit off more than I wanted to. I need a tablet because I am out and about and sometimes to have access to the internet. I am a shoe distributor and would like to order on the spot sometimes rather than having to go home to email my orders.I also like to download certain apps for idle time, and this tablet does not have google play, and the Getjar is so limited. Also I thought the tablet that I ordered had the ice cream operating system on it. Did I misread the information?
tablet_coby|Their are a lot of apps I can't get for this tablet I think this tablet needs a different apss market place
tablet_coby|We got this for our kids. Its pretty awesome for kids. But I had a hell of a time downloading a new app store! GOOGLE PLAY IS NOT AN OPTION! Use Amazon app store! Get jar is good but Amazon has much more! Otherwise this product is great! We also downloaded a battery saver app, because the wifi is on all the time in my house! Lol Very happy with them!
tablet_coby|i had to get a wifi adapater and it still dosen't let me get what i want. i have to pay more for using it. if i go over my usage on my cell phone which i had to add to my bill it will cost more. other than that it looks like a nice tablet
tablet_coby|Not very easy to use, poor selection of apps. Doesn't stay connected to the Internet at all. This thing sucks
tablet_coby|Very nice tablet at a great price I would buy it again if I had someone to buy it for
tablet_coby|It was a gift for my granddaughter and she is enjoying it very much. It is easy to use and she has access to the books she wants.
tablet_coby|So far I really like this little tablet. True, it doesn't have the bells and whistles that some of them do, but that's why it's so affordable! It works great for sending e-mail, surfing online and reading books when near a mobile hot spot. Takes a decent picture too!
tablet_coby|I purchased this as a gift and I was surprised at the quality of the tablet. The picture was much clearer than I had expected. I don't use it, but the recipient has not complained at all, so I will guess that it was a good gift.
tablet_coby|Great size! Bought it as a gift but played around with it to mak sure it worked propery before giftng, appears to be a terriffic product and I love the screen size.
tablet_coby|It works great and my kid loves it! Google search and other apps are wonderfuly work. We got Netflix App from Amazon.com for free and our family likes to watch from it! It is great tool!
tablet_coby|For kids its a great device to use and play games. But for professional use this item is of bit low priority bc its not registered at Google Play.
tablet_coby|Big screen but poor screen quality. Not a good alternative to a nook, kindle, or ipad. Not a good app market either.
tablet_coby|This was purchased as a b/day gift for my fiance & he is in love with it! it is easy to navigate and he gets all of his apps & games from GetJar. This was really a good buy.
tablet_coby|El producto llego en buenas condiciones vali&ograve; la pena la espera, espectacular reloj muchas gracias a ustedes son cumplidores gracias
tablet_coby|Me gusto mucho esta tabla! hace el trabajo para la cual fue comprada, rapida, versatil y muy robusta! compre una memoria extraible para compensar el espacio de 16 gb!
tablet_coby|I Love it . The touchscreen is great, too. I ordered it specifically for the touchscreen. Its easy to use and its large enough to see whats on the screen.
tablet_coby|I was dissapointed to see this tablet only has a front camera. Only after 2 days of using the tablet it malfunctioned and stop working. I wasted my money on this product.
tablet_coby|It did not download anything. It got hot and shut off or froze. Dont know why or what caused this to happen. Could not download anything. This and two other different ones did not work, froze or what ever happened. Disapointed in product. Amazon was great though.
tablet_coby|I've had this tablet for a week now and just really started playing with it. I love it. I'm pretty basic and bought it just to surf the web and download a few apps. Coby has a solution to the GetJar app on their website with a different android app market to download for this tablet. I haven't seen netflix and I haven't figured our a way to get google play on it yet but I do think the new app market has a lot to offer. So far no complaints!! I will be buying another for my 10 year old son as well.
tablet_coby|I give it two stars for its performance straight from the box. You fumble your way thru the startup only to realize you have to download everything you want to use. Get jar does not work properly. We had to download an entirely different app store to get android to work. Dont get me started on downloading the facebook app. I was told by inept tech support they have never had a problem. I dont believe that for a second. I realize this is an inexpensive alternative in the tablet market and am grateful its out there, however with where we are today in technology this should be much better.
tablet_coby|I got this tablet as a gift for a temporary till I can get the windows surface tablet and it performs too our needs. The camera and picture quality isn't the best but it is an older model so thats understandable. Other than that its a good product. Came fast and efficiently and to her liking.
tablet_coby|Bought this for my 8 and 11 year old as Christmas gifts. I have to say it was a smart choice, they love them. I decided on this one because it had god rating and the price was great. It is easy to use, and no problems so far with it. I think I need to get me one now :)
tablet_coby|And it did not come with The specified 4GB internal memory that was advertized with this product. It has frozen up on me three times in 3 weeks
tablet_coby|i am afraid there is no in-between for me.history: i got two of those for family members overseas to do video chat with, check email, basic browsing of the internet, some photos and little music.the Good: surprisingly good performance for an 'under $100' tablet. i personally own an iPad and this just surpassed my expectations in regards to how well it works. the build quality is not bad either. feels sturdy and snug in your hands. it is responsive, loads pages correctly and quickly... email set up was easy. few apps were downloaded from their "G" app - no problem.the UGLY: the USB, they claim they have built-in, NOT. this is a one way, USB-out (male) connection that you can use to connect the tablet TO your computer. kind of like, the tablet is an accessory to your hosting computer. if you want to attach an actual accessory to the tablet - you have to get something, like a keyboard, that has a MICRO usb output, and make sure IT IS Android compatible. #2 - the suggested by amazon USB case/keyboard???? WTH??? another NOT. do not get it. it will have no port to plug it into. i ordered a male to male usb adaptor, does not work with it either. i then got a mini usb version of the same keyboard/case, does not work, as the actual port on the side of the tablet is MICRO USB. NOT mentioned in the description, it only lists USB. i had to spend countless hours online and read bunch of reviews suggesting the class of this port to figure out what it was - because the manufacturer does not say it. i even called them, and their agent would not classify the type of connection this has - she just said, it is one of their "proprietary" ports? WHAT????so, by far, tablet works surprisingly good for $100. deceptive USB connectivity in the description though. one of my tablets was already sent to the family member before i figured out the above, so the keyboard was a waste of money there... i still have #2 here and am determined to make sure the accessories i bought for it work - few more days before i get the replacement MICRO usb keyboard/case. i will post an update if keyboard works or not.UPDATE - 1/15/12Finally, i was able to find a keyboard that works with this thing. it is the "DIAOTEC (TM) Synthetic Leather Keyboard Case with micro-USB plug for 7 inch Tablet Computers" which i purchased from here for $13. NOTE: it's the one with MICRO-USB, not mini, not standard, but MICRO-USB.
tablet_coby|Nice unit my son likes it, great for the money, does the job perfectly, i recommend it, highly recommed it.
tablet_coby|Not happy at all. After first day it kept going dead fro no reason and had to keep pushing the reset. Also was not compatible with the keyboard case that was recommended with it. Returning both.
tablet_coby|The 10&#34; screen is great for my needs--reads print music in pdf format, along with books. Has a micro card slot to hold volumns of info. It is very easy to load files from pc with usb. The only complaint is it seems slow to load at times, but maybe I'm just impatient. I got all I wanted for a very good price.
tablet_coby|OK i love it..in the next month i Will buy an other. Son,i am leaving this message because i received the tablet like New
tablet_coby|theJetjar app store with this tablet was terrible didn't have any of the apps i was looking for The tablet was not compatiable with any other app stores.In the Q&A Thy recommanded contacting the manufacturer I couldn't do anything with the app to download books.Also when ever i turned it on the camera would come on. This is the last try i ordered the kindle fire HD and im hoping for something much better.....
tablet_coby|I got this tablet for my 9 year old son for Christmas and he loves it. Nice product, good sound and plays all of the games that he needs. It does not use the Google Play store, but it still has lots of games in the GetJar store for him to play.Nice tablet for the price.
tablet_coby|Got this for my father in law for Christmas he likes it very much a little hard to navigate at first but a good tablet would recommend it.
tablet_coby|A lot of people said me that is better buy a more expensive tablet, but for the money and the utilities that I need, this tablet is perfect for me
tablet_coby|These tablets are great and keep them busy. Games, books, and you tube. Their only issue was the GetJar application system needs more apps with a wider market.
tablet_coby|It works perfectly, the only thing is that it does not connect to the store google play, but there are alternative means meets my requirements (Twitter, facebook, ereader, games and web browsing)
tablet_coby|I love this tablet. Thus far I have not had any issues that I would say would have steered me into buying something else. The price is great for the tablet and it serves every purpose that I bought it for.
tablet_coby|Le falta la camara posterior para la toma de fotografias y videos pues para tomar hay que estar de frente a la pantalla
tablet_coby|I am a little dissapointed wit his tablet. It is a little heavy. You can't install Google play on it. But I think it's ok for the price.
tablet_coby|We have purchaced sefveral of these tablets over the past year. They make good gifts for frends and family. be aware that these are not made for taking photos, as the camera only faces toward the screen, and is ment more for video chatting.
tablet_coby|I purchased this for my mother in law to use as a way to get on facebook, take pictures, and play games. Overall it has been a positive experience. Even though she is not tech newbie she is still not overly adept at using technology and she has been able to use the tablet easily.Positive:- Camera- wish it had a front and rear facing camera, but works well for skype- Easy to connect- Expandlable memory- Videos look good for the money spentNegative:- No Google Play Store- Store it comes loaded with does not have a large number of apps and money are poor quality, however it is possible to load the amazon app store.
tablet_coby|Its agreat tablet , The only down side is the one side camera that faces you so you cant see when taking pictures not of your shelf.. otherwise great buy..
tablet_coby|Having trouble download applications but it is helpful in allowing one than one family member to access the internet at time.
tablet_coby|this item is alright if you do not want Google play dowload. You can still download games from Amazon which matches Google play but it is slow after loading games. I added 32 gig memory card but did not see a difference in speed.when I restore to factory default it's pretty fast but for some reason after loading games it slows down. however I did download netflix in the movies played fine but just took a minute to load after they loaded the excellent picture. On a 10 inch screen . the only negative thing about this device is you cannot do Google play.
tablet_coby|I after doing much research on Coby tablets decided in spite of the one star reviews on here to give it a shot. As other reviewers suggested after my package arrived next day,i immediately downloaded Amazon store app. I did this by selecting Amazon store app apk. http://www.amazon.com/gp/mas/get/android. That is the link that takes u right to the download. It downloaded fast with no issues and from the Amazon store i downloaded Dolphin hd browser,Netflix (which this tablet does play and well not laggy at all. loads lil slower then id like but movie streaming is seamless.) Yahoo mail app,Aim app, Weather channel app and Angry Birds Space and other assorted apps such as games and Amazon Kindle app for downloading books.All Downloaded with no issues and work fine. This is a pretty good E reader as well. There is a one Second Delay when u switch from Landscape to Portrait view but nothing to complain about. It is flash 11 enabled so u can watch you tube videos it does come with the app already loaded and on your home page and it can play videos from sites like solarmovie.so. As far as Facebook games it can play some but not all. So games like Farmville u will need to get Farmville express since the app was discontinued for some reason for which u can find easily by googling it. The Battery life is a little short as others reviewers did say i get about 3 hrs of battery life before it needs to be charged. Standby time is good however lasting easily 10hrs in standby mode. The camera is ok it is front facing and only 0.3 mp but it does have zoom and can take videos. I downloaded skype and skyped with it and built in mic and Camera are ok not great but people could see and hear me well. Just not recommended in bright areas it will wash out the camera. The built in web browser is decent but i added Dolphin had which i like better Opera Mini is also a good browser. You cannot get Google Play or app store out of box. You could root this tablet and other reviewers have suggested ways to get it to work i did not try them however. Amazon app store plus other various free ware sites Such as getjar freewarelovers.com etc provide a lot of free apps that work fine. Getjar site is working again not all apps will download but most do and are free. The screen is clear and bright resolution is very good. It is not laggy at all as of yet and when u type it doesn't have that annoying delay from what u type till it appears in your text block. it types very smoothly. All and all it is a good tablet for the 97 bucks u pay for it. I will update this status if any issues arise after i had it for a couple weeks. The Battery life is Shorter then i would like that is my only complaint as of yet.
tablet_coby|THE GOOD- great price- has microSD support up to 32gb- responsive screen- body and buttons have a solid sturdy feel- bright screen- can be 'rooted' to work with Google Play- works with Amazon Android App market- great voice recognition performance- good WiFi and MP3 player performanceTHE BAD- default 'get jar' app market is abysmal- battery drains within about 3 hours of use, maybe a little more if you turn down the screen brightness- screen resolution is low, the text is fuzzy, and can cause eye strain for us older folks- power button can be slow to respond.- cannot charge via USB portSUMMARYIf you are looking for a cheap tablet to get your feet wet, or for the kids, it fits the bill. However, if you are looking for a tablet for long term use, and aren't a technically inclined person that's willing to jump through some hoops to get it to work with Google Play, you might want to look elsewhere. The two biggest downsides from my perspective are the battery and screen resolution. But, hey, it is a cheap tablet and you get what you pay for.
tablet_coby|HOLA BUEN DIA LE ESCRIBO PARA DECIRLES Q LA TABLET LA TENGO RESETEAR VARIAS VECES AL DIAQUISIERA SABER SI TIENE ALGUNA GARANTIA GRACIAS
tablet_coby|I bought this for my wife mainly to put her scriptures on it. She can't handle the books with her scriptures anymore due to the weight and the thickness of the volumes. She has arthritis in her hands so we had to do something. Well this was the right thing to do! She LOVES it!!! It does the job that she expected it to do!
tablet_coby|We love our new tablet. I would have given it 5 stars if wouldve supported google play. But for the most part We love it!!!!!!!
tablet_coby|This was a Christmas gift for my grandaughter! she is able to surf the web, take pictures download music, her homework and special projects. It's very good for the price and beats out most more expensive name brands. The one negative thing is, it freezes on some things, but all you have to do is reset it and tha appears to do the trick. We haven't figured out why yet, could be some things she may be doing, haven't really viewed the tutorial yet. It has a parental block if you need to use it.
tablet_coby|for the price it is an amazing tablet. I get it for my child 6 year old and she love it. The bat thing is that the GetJar (similar to Google market) is not so big. :(
tablet_coby|I am very satisfied with this product. Having used it for almost 4months extensively. I love this and I mainly use this for reading books and watching movies and playing games with my 4year old son and he loves this. The ease of copying files and using them right away is the best option.Pros:CheapEasy to use - Drag and drop filesNo proprietary cable, you can use you portable hard disc or camera cable.32gb expandable microSDHD slotCons:No google playBattery charge(especially when watching videos)No usb portSpeaker volumeGetjar does not have apps like googleplayNo cover available, you have to use a 10 inch cover.
tablet_coby|It's a good tablet, just a little hard to use for kids. The screen display is grainy, but overall a good use.
tablet_coby|This product showed up on time but the product was crappy, it did not even last a month and went dead had to return. Very disappointing to my son because that was a christmas gift.
tablet_coby|We bought four of these - ok if you want only apps on GETJAR. You can not download as much stuff as you would think as everything is linked to google play and even though this is an android it wont let you download it. Me and my husband bought one each for us and our boys. I can not even add their school work apps they have to go through the internet every time. The screen and keys freeze up and alway says not responding and you click wait and then it works. It is not our internet bc everything eslse works fine even our kindle. I wish we had just got one to try out first! Disappointed that now we have 4. Cant watch our netflix, etc. GETJAR is down alot so when it is up u have to download all the games and stuff you want then.We learned a lesson stop going the cheaper way out bc it is cheaper for a reason
tablet_coby|Bought as a Christmas gift so I haven't used it myself, but she hasn't put it down yet! So I'm thinking great gift idea without the huge cost of other tablets.
tablet_coby|I was hoping to use this to play Words with Friends, but I can't get it to work for that. It tells me it is misconfigured..
tablet_coby|compre este articulo y me parece que es muy util y esta en muy buen estado y llego a tiempo
tablet_coby|Every time I try to load a webpage or access a link, I get &#34;Browser not responding, do you want to wait/close&#34; message.
tablet_coby|I sent this tablet to my grandson for Christmas, Evan though I order to late and it arrive after Christmas, my grandson was hert broken . The tablet would not come on.. My daughter called coby Coby customer care they talk her through, on what to do. That still did not help....
tablet_coby|This didn't work from day one. The browser kept freezing and quitting, most of the applications locked up, the camera was terrible, I returned it for a credit.
tablet_coby|Worked well for my 4 year old grand son. I would purchase again sometime and even recommend to other parents.
tablet_coby|I had a real issue with the keyboard and typing/correction program. Either I missed some instructions or they don't and should exist.Also I was very disappointed in the available applications. I primarily bought this so I could access the android apps. I already have a Playbook by Blackberry that is app deprived because of the operating system. I was hoping for much more from the Kryos, but, alas, the apps were as scarce and quality much poorer than the Playbook.
tablet_coby|Bought 2 for kids Xmas. Got them about 10 days early and almost kept them. Easy set up. Not a fan of GetJar...Amazon has better apps. Ordered cases at same time and still waiting. Tablets work great and kids are thrilled. Little money well spent.
tablet_coby|To get the charger to charge the thing is a pain ..I bought 2 of them and they both have this problem...would be better if it charged through the usb port. After a week of being used one of them froze up and dosent work at all anymore and the other one doesnt even take a chare so I cant use that one either ...not happy... Only 2 stars for me just because when they did work they were ok.... And wheres the camera???
tablet_coby|Also tried amazon app store but it keeps stopping and i cant use the apps ive downloaded. getjar is entirely useless. better off buying second hand of a better tablet. taking mine back for a kindle i think.
tablet_coby|This item seems to work well, but I am unable to use a stylus with it and I often hit the wrong button. The buttons are too small for my fingers and my fingernails do not register just like the stylus. I am also missing actions when I use my e-mail account, not sure why.
tablet_coby|The part that you're supposed to plug into the tablet to charge was too big. It fit the headphone jack perfectly, but not the actual charging portion. Very disappointed. Will be returning it.It was a Christmas present and I like the look of it. I just can't believe that they would package it with the wrong charger.
tablet_coby|Well given that I live in the Caribbean and the warranty is for the USA it was a gamble for me to purchase it. After 1 month there is a faulty display. When it powers on the display jumps. Emailed Coby for warranty concerns they said its a faulty unit and to return it. The cost to return is the same price if I was to purchase another unit... just to return to the USA makes no logical since to do such because of the cost attached.My experience with this purchase was not a pleasant one.
tablet_coby|I bought this tablet a few months ago. It never was able to connect to my home wireless router. Occasionally I could get it to connect to wifi at the library or restaurants, but what is the use if I can't use it at home? After about a month and a half it crashed. I called technical assistance and they told me to send it back for a replacement. After 3 weeks of waiting for my replacement I finally called customer service and they told me it would take &#34;at least&#34; another 6-8 weeks because they were doing inventory and could not access their computer system. Spend the extra money to get a decent tablet. This one does not work and the customer services is terrible.
tablet_coby|Bought for my son's graduation, he seems to like it, just isn't where he gets great Wifi right now thats his only complaint!
tablet_coby|I would not recommend this tablet to a friend to say the least. For me it does what I needed it to do. Read e-books. I get advanced e-books from writers in exchange for reviews and I was in need of a tablet so I wouldn't be forced to sit on my hard (now 10 yr old) computer chair and read. It reads all media files pertaining to e-books and I'm happy with that, but when I first got it I made the mistake of trying to turn it on without charging it as I was spoiled by my Samsung Galaxy player that was fully charged out the box. Needless to say I got the white screen of warning, not death, but it wasn't a pleasant thing to see. Upon charging it, it worked fine.But now the downsides. The WiFi sucks. Plain and simple. I was sitting no less than a foot from my router and it refused to connect. I had to go into my router settings and rescan channels for it to work. And let me say it only works on wireless channel 11. Anything else and it refuses to pick up the connection. GetJar also sucks. No apps what-so-ever. Again I'm use to having Google Play at my finger tips and the Amazon shop app does not like this tablet. Yes it works, but it's slow and clunky feeling as it chugs along. The main reason I got this tablet was because it was larger and had android 4.0, so let me also state that flash does not work on this tablet as Adobe is no longer offering it for anything above 4.0. You can't side load it either. Yes it will install, but it won't work.Now lately the screen flickers half of the background image from left to right before it settles itself. Despite the wifi problem I've ways of by-passing that and the screen flickering recently I'm going to keep it as I don't have the time to stand in line at walmart and return it and then wait 3 days to see my money back in my account only to have to go hunting again. In the end it does what I need it to to. Read e-books.
tablet_coby|I was very dissapointed that there is no play store, no facebook app, no yahoo... I might as well of took my $200 cause I bought 2 of them and gave it away.... But otherwise yeh its decent
tablet_coby|I now bought this product and it just cut off and wouldn't come back on. Any one know what to do?
tablet_coby|I'm satisfied with the product, the only thing the camera is low capacity but the rest is very well.android is fast very good...
tablet_coby|I bought this to store and read technical PDF files that I use at my business and in the field every day. It's VERY good for viewing text documents and reading books. The quality seems good and the display is bright and fairly easy to read in the sunlight. The Browser is nice..it's tabbed for multiple page viewing. And having the 10 inch screen has it's advantages. I seldom have to zoom in to read something. I do have trouble viewing flash video in the browser...it just won't do it or I haven't figured it out yet. It does come with a You Tube viewer though and it works nicely. Of course it's being an Android system there are many apps that are fun and useful...you just can't download them from the Google store. Doesn't make sense to me...it's (Google) Android for pitty sake. It just says that it isn't an approved device. Thank goodness for Amazon's Appstore for Androids. You will find most anything you need there. It is a little thick and heavy as tablets go. It isn't an iPad for sure but it works for me...and at a great price, too.
tablet_coby|When I first purchased the Coby Kyros, It was my first tablet and I thought it was great. I just thought the problems I was having were with my wifi connection (I keep getting the message "Browser is not responding". I have recently purchased another brand tablet and never get this message on it. I have come to realize the Coby Kyros manufacturer has a LOT of kinks to work out. My new Tablet is fast as lightning, so it is not my wifi connection. Now I hate I wasted my money on the Coby Kyros.PROS~ Received this in a timely manner. Great packaging. Easy to use. You get what you pay for.CONS~ Built in wifi does not stay consistently connected. Frustrating waiting for the table to keep reconnecting. My router works fine with other electronics in my home so don't think my router is the problem.
tablet_coby|Received my Coby tablet about a month ago. Love it. I have a power desktop and did not want the bulk of a laptop when I travel. Need my email, web surfing and photo viewing. Only one regret and that is I should have got the 10" tablet. The Colby's battery does not last as long as rated especially when you use the power saver mode. The screen is very good. This is the only negative for the unit. For the money it is a great tablet.
tablet_coby|Nice device overall(eg: design, display, sound). The main reason for the two stars was the Wi-Fi shutting off at random. Three other laptops, an IPAD, and a wireless printer have no issues with my home network. The longest time this device would stay connected was about 5-10 minutes. In order to reconnect I would have to toggle the wireless setting off and back on (sometimes multiple times for it to reconnect. It didn't matter if I was 6 feet away or 60 feet away from the wireless router. Needless to say, the unit was replaced.The second unit received had a problem even connecting to the network. After multiple attempts and a reset on the unit, it finally connected to the network. Unfortunately it also kept dropping the connection and it was a complete crap shoot getting it to reconnect. No other wireless device on the network was having issues. This unit was also replaced.The third unit was received today at 11am and returned by 2pm for similar performance.I give up.Coby, I'm extremely disappointed. You really need to address the Wi-Fi issue with these units. I believe if you did, you would have a real winner on your hands. Until you do, you should discontinue selling them. Your tech support acknowledged the connection issue and recommended decreasing my network security to WEP to accommodate the unit or send it in for repair if that didn't correct the issue. Unacceptable. If that's what it takes to operate correctly it should be listed in the sales material and system specs.Hats off to Amazon for all there efforts to try and make this work, they were great shipping out the new units quickly. Thanks.I've ordered a new tablet from a different manufacturer through Amazon.
tablet_coby|Bought this for a friend and he's happy with it. Good for a kid to play and toss around. Doesn't take the best pics but it does what you pay for it.
tablet_coby|For me, it was frustrating I can not access to google play, and most applications do not run Androi in this tablet. I'm thinking about buying another brand with less limitation of this type.
tablet_coby|I got this item. the charger worked for like a week then it stopped charging completely. Now I have to get another charger.
tablet_coby|Coby MID1042 To get flash to work properly make sure you install version (11.1.115.11) or later, google search it. I could not find this version on App Download sites.
tablet_coby|Was what I thought , Wish I could get Google play on it for downloads. For the price it's a good Starter.
tablet_coby|tiene problemas el wireles se apaga y no encuentra las redes inalambricas, cuando la encend&iacute; por primera vez no funciono y restaure como de fabrica ahi funciono bien, 8 dias despues se volvio a da&ntilde;ar
tablet_coby|this ia a nice tablet price is great and it was a awesome christmas gift my girl friend loves it thank you amazon for the fast delivery thank you
tablet_coby|acceptable considering the price.1. the screen is defective (as I live in another country I can not change)2. You can download applications from the google store, according not support3. to download an application should go to a page that is not as complete as that of google.4. here on Amazon to download an application must be given much around to get them.5. I hope you do not delete this opinion, as the above
tablet_coby|Have bought several items from Amazon and never had a problem. On this tablet, which is defective, shows a portion of the tablet screen is totally dark. This equipment was for the gift to my nephew. Disappointment. I do not recommend this brand.
tablet_coby|Bought the Coby 1042-8 tablet wanting to try a tablet and knowing that I wanted a 10 inch. And wanted to be able to install the kindle app and some games.I feel like I am being nice when I call it slow and aggravating. often a touch is not enough when a touch is all it is supposed to take. The screen does a frustrating magnify/demagnify when you are trying to get some button to function and you cannot turn the manure off. Getting the screen to slide is *&#&(#$; more often than sliding opens whatever is closest to where you touch the screen. Also, nothing in the sales documentation tells a buyer that the largest micro SDHC or thumb drive that it supports is 16G; I tried putting in a 32G microSD and it refused to recognize it and it did the same with a 32G thumb drive.I called google aand was told that the link Amazon uses to get the Kindle app ONLY works IF the manufacturer of your tablet bought and pre-installed the google store app manure.To get to the Kindle app, I first had to install the Amazon Store app. the POG called getjar that it comes with refused to consider that the Kindle app would work on a 10".I would like to thank the Amazon tech that worked with me and helped me through the frustration of getting the store app downloaded.With what I have learned, I will try to reset the device and start over; however, I have a zero confidence level that I will like it any better. I have had the POJ just a few days and I am seriously considering returning it becuase it often fails to function as expected or advertized.
tablet_coby|Bought one for my son. You get what you pay, dont expect a high quality on the outside plastic. Functionality all works, no major problems.
tablet_coby|Does almost all of what the more expensive brands do for a fraction of their price. Like most electronics today, it's instruction manual could be better.
tablet_coby|Bought this to use while away from home it works great for basic things email and surfing the web but for apps not so good have a lot of trouble getting apps to use with it.
tablet_coby|The first one died completely within 1 week when a Radio Shack store manager plugged in a car (cigarette lighter) charge cord. Amazon replaced it pretty quickly. Then the second unit worked okay for about a week until suddenly it could not connect to any public or private WiFi network no matter how strong the signal strength. It would actually say it detected excellent signal strength and then immediately say the same network was "out of range". Returned it to Amazon for a refund as I did not want to try for a third "lemon".
tablet_coby|I am satisfied with this item, it is more or less easy to understand and operate, it just takes some getting used to and the battery life is great.I just had to edit my first review of this device. Initially it work well for about the first month after then it just stop working and would not turn on, it will just stick on the Coby start up screen. I sent it back to Coby and it was replaced for the newer version (MID 1045) I used this on for about another month then the problems started again. Now my table will not keep charged at all. The battery discharges about 2% every 3 minutes and besides that it even discharges when its turned off. I contacted Coby and they asked me to return the item for another replacement. Unfortunately after all this stress I am not interested in another Coby Tablet. Currently I am trying to get a refund for the purchase but no one at Coby customer service is responding to my emails. I regretted purchasing this tablet. I now have a Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 and I'm loving it.
tablet_coby|Coby Kyros mid1042-8 worked well for a couple weeks and had no problems at first when connecting to USB connector .Unit would go into usb mode when radio button on screen was touched and showed as removable device in Computer directory of my computer .(both laptop & desktop ). But after I connected after doing it successfully several times ,Coby screen would flash between homescreen and turn on usb screen rapidly till settled on home screen .Lower task bar on home screen showed usb icon and it indicated it was in usb mode . My computer would not detect it as removable drive . No detection no matter what computer or usb cord I used. Have owned other Coby's and they worked well .Think this was probably just a fluke and did an exchange for another unit of same model.Hopefully there'll be no further problems . I would still highly recommend Coby but time will tell if that will apply to this particular unit.Coby Kyros 10.1-Inch Android 4.0 8 GB 16:9 Capacitive Multi-Touchscreen Widescreen Internet Tablet with Built-In Camera, Black MID1042-8 Well I received the replacement Coby of the same model ,and when transferring files by USB I have experience similar problems as with the first Coby . 2 units with similar problems seem a little unusual .The experience with these 2 tablets don't make me want to write off Coby completely . I've not had much problem with previous models of Coby I've purchased . But I'm not sure what the issue could be with these 2 tablets,I'm no expert so I don't know the problem didn't occur because I did something incorrectly or there may have been issues with the USB port of my computers or even the cord. So I thought requesting a refund and investing in a different tablet after some research into some reviews may help me make a better choice and hopfully there'll be no more issues.
tablet_coby|The only problem with this product is that it does not have the Google Play store, to download applications, and can not be installed due to their software. The tablet comes with a application called "Getjar" which replaces it, and is very poor with respect the applications to download.
tablet_coby|So this tablet isn't compatible with GooglePlay store apps. You can download most of the stuff you want illegally, but the tablet doesn't run it reliably. I'm using it as a reader, for quickly checking email, and typing notes in class. I bought the tablet as part of an effort to digitize all of my pdfs and notes and eventually make them all searchable. I wasn't expecting anything fancy, I just expected it not to crash with one app open.But with this tablet, I've had apps just not work and not open. I'm in class and my note-taking app stops working or the tablet takes 10 minutes to turn on. Either way, I end up using a piece of paper. I'll be able to open some word documents for viewing, and not others.It's very frustrating and there doesn't seem to any rhyme or reason.Really, just save up for something better or buy a used netbook. At this point, a $.50 notebook is more stable.
tablet_coby|Good product 100% RecommendedChoosing this rating because it is a great productI would recommend this product to everyone100% Recommended
tablet_coby|The price shows its quality. Customer service doesn't exist. Its not compatible with google play. In order for it to be so you have to root it and good luck doing that. Its near impossible because you cant access the boot sector like you normally should. Its a pain in the butt. The screen cracked within a month of purchase and all it took was a simple flick of the wrist. Cheap construction. A total bummer. Icecream sandwhich is a plus. But if you want quality look elsewhere.
tablet_coby|Not an Ipad of course, but it will do! Great for games, nice sized screen, and works very well! Glad we bought it
tablet_coby|...I choose this item for price and an entry into something new...the Android world. Although, I am fed up with Windows OS; I think Apple (Ipad)is 10X overpriced and just longed for something to play with....and download Kindle books. I love it for that alone. I find it impossible to download the google apps from google play store...Everything about google is stupid, except the search engine in my opinion. Once again, for a reading appliance and email machine this tablet is great.
tablet_coby|I have had this table for a good 4 month now and it is ok but not good it some what did wunt i wunted it to do but now as in right now i'm playing with it trying to play a game on it and it is double taping now win i me double tapping win i touch it in one area it thinks i'm also touching in the same area but on the other side of the screen i got this for gaming and doing notes for gunsmithing school that way i have something to do win i wait for class to start and can draw something if i have to and type instead of write i write like a 2 year old and well that some it up i can write nice so i got this long story short i wish i got a gun or a laptop this thing is not good for what i'm try to do with it that and the double tapping thing is really pissing me off!
tablet_coby|This product was purchased because the price was right but you get what you pay for. It is underpowered and times out when trying to download anything. You can't even download any apps. It has a getjar instead of an app store. I would not recommend it for anyone.
tablet_coby|I guess just because it says Android don't mean it's an android!!! Didn't like at all, was not compatable with ANYTHING I already use!!!
tablet_coby|The sound doesn't work, you can't download the common &#34;everyday&#34; apps like Facebook from their version of an app store, and it's heavy. Don't buy it.
tablet_coby|it works okay but after about a week it stopped taking apps for the extra money id get an ipad much better
tablet_coby|Bought the Coby with hight hopes only to have them dashed! First one I got the wireless would not work on it. Went to Coby website and found some different things to do. Did them and got connected to wifi then only to have it disconnect at 20 minute intervals. Upgraded my router same problem. Sent the old one back, got a new one. Same problem. Wifi disconnect 20min intervals. Sent it back and saw that Kindle will have a tablet. Pre ordered one see how it will work. Amazon was wonderful in this whole ordeal. Cannot say enough about them. Forgot to mention my wifes Kindle Fire and my laptop both stay connected to our router.
tablet_coby|didn;t work with google play or app stors ifn you are looking for a good tab dont get this one it will piss you off quick .the onley thing good that i found was the pitcher was good and it plaed youtube.mite be ok for a kids first tab
tablet_coby|it just works two hours, totally dissapointed of coby tablets, it was working great but after that it turn off definitly my nephew was sad bacause of this "tablet" bad products coby
tablet_coby|This one falls into the category of "you live and you learn". I was looking for an inexpensive android tablet for personal use. I saw this on Amazon and read through a few of the reviews, which were pretty good. What I didnt know is that Amazon lumped several different models of the Coby tablet together. Aparently some of the 7 inch tablets are pretty good, but the 10 inch is a disaster.It did all of the things that the other reviewers said: Locked up, hesitation, poor screen resolution, etc. Shame on Amazon for misleading its customers and shame on me for not reading more closely. Bottom line is this is a piece of junk and Amazon should stop selling it.
tablet_coby|This item is garbage, it only lasts about 2 weeks and then it doesn't work at all. I purchased two of them. Sometimes you just really get what you pay for; pay less, get waay less. It is very slow, I MEAN REALLY SLOW. And after a couple weeks of use it just shuts off, like clicking an application and expecting it to open is just way too much work for this thing. J U N K !!
tablet_coby|I am getting the word out about ALL Coby Kyros Tablet... they are a piece of crap and if it was not for me getting it as a anniversary gift for years at my company... i would NEVER buy a Coby Kyros Tables and NEVER recommend these tablets to a friend. They are a piece of crap and are not worth investing in getting one... so anyone who reads this pass it on to everyone you know not to buy a Coby Tablet because they stink like poop and I will pay the money for an iPad anyday before every thinking of getting this brand of tablet.... NO to COBY Tablets EVERYONE... DON'T BUY ONEI have the Coby Kyros MID1042
tablet_coby|Tablet was returned to seller, didn't use it.Credit was issued a few days later. It was not what I thought it would be like. It was too big for my likings, so I went with a 7" tablet..
tablet_coby|SOY DE VENEZUELA LA TABLET ES MUY BUENA ES COMPLETA Y LA CAMARA VALE LA PENA ESTA TABLE ESTA PARA JUGAR Y TENER MUCHA DIVERCION PARA LOS HIJOS Y PADRES LA RECOMIENDO
tablet_coby|I rated it 4.5 stars only because I am unable to download apps from Google Play. It seems that the powers at Google Play found something to dislike about this tablet and block downloads from their site. As far as I'm concerned, it does every thing that I need and expect of it. So Google Play can keep their apps and I will obtain what I want and need elsewhere.
tablet_coby|Didn't really care for it. I thought it was an android but its not. That was my fault for not reading the advertisement. I had the7 inch android version so I thought the 10 inch would be better. But as I said it was not android and it wasn't really what I wanted. Grainy pictures from the camera. It's ok if that's what you want but it's no Apple IPad.
tablet_coby|Since first time it was on, it turned up to be a incredible gadget. It was a gift for my son, and he really loves it. The only complaint would be lack of access to Android market, so a few apps I'd like to have installed need a little tweak. Will follow up when manage to get around this.
tablet_coby|This is by far the worse tablet I have seen. It take forever to get something on line. Most of the time it shut down before getting email
tablet_coby|I brought this for my 10yrs daughter had a very hard time downloading app. Really not a good tablet dont waste you money.
tablet_coby|There are not enough words to tell you how much this was a waste of time to purchase. It's junk! No battery life; less than an hour. The GETJAR app store doesn't have any of the popular games or aps. Video streaming is next to impossible. Even for the price, it's not worth it. Buy an IPAD!
tablet_coby|The tablet MID 1042 will not connect to my WiFi or download Netflix. Gave to my wife as gift she hates how hard too use
tablet_coby|I am not a fan of this tablet! This tablet is not supported by Google Play, so there are not many add on apps to support this tablet. However, if you are only interested in serving the web and checking email this works great for that and only that purpose!
tablet_coby|i bought this tablet because i cant buy a ipad, because a that i was disappointed, is good to play but i feel slower to browse on internet...
tablet_coby|Its a good product for internet browsing only. You cannot install any application because it is not supported by Google Play/market
tablet_coby|I bought 3 of these for my girls and a friend. Two of them have broken.. the screen just freezes.. Replaced these with the zeetab.. I have a coby 7127 tht i bought myself last year and it wont turn on. Im done with coby their tablets are trash. If you plan on buying one of these tablets do yourself a favor and just spend the extra and get a galaxy tab or kindle fire or zeetab (kids). you have been warned!!!
tablet_coby|This is a perfect gift or just a starter product for any kid. Very user friendly, powered by Android 4.0, light weight and affordable. I'd recommend this tablet for anyone who doesn't want to spend a large sum of money on the more well-known namebrand tablets. The camera could be a little better, however, it's still a great buy!!
tablet_coby|This tablet seemed to be meeting my needs: internet access, email, download/play videos. It was, however, a hassle to find download sites for apps without using Google play store. But the clincher was that after only one week, the screen suddenly went blank (the battery was charged!), and I ended up sending it back.
tablet_coby|The connection is so poor....really slow and I have a problems to load the apps.... is any body can help me?
tablet_coby|Didn't like it not a good tablet at all. Didn't have all the things I wanted in a tablet, like nexus 7 better..:(
tablet_coby|We have 2 other android tablets that we really like...a Nexus 7 and an HTC tablet from WalMart. Both are much better investments. The tablet was not compatible with several apps my daughter wanted. Fortunately we discovered this within the first 2 hours of opening the box. We are returning this. Save yourself the time and hassle that we've been going through. Wish we could afford a Kindle Fire though! :)
tablet_coby|i bought this table i was told you can go on net flicks and you cant save your money and buy a good one not happy
tablet_coby|You will have a GetJar a kind of second level Google Play (Generic). I'm from Brasil and having serious problems to get apps.
tablet_coby|It came with very little on it, and everything we tried to upload, was incompatible with the product. None of the popular programs is compatible.
tablet_coby|it was a christmas gift for my granddaugter and all the words were reversed. tried calling tech and you reach a recording
tablet_coby|Worst thing I've ever purchased. Save ur money. Simply awful. Choppy. Slow. I'll say this much. It did power on.
tablet_coby|The equipment have a good hardware and is running with andoid 4.0, that's the good.Coby don't have a software to manage and backup or restore, the tablet have only GetJar (have few applications), is imposible install Google Play Store and don't have OS update tool.
tablet_coby|I did not like the resolution--it was fuzzy. I think that tablets might be a place where 'you get what you pay for' applies. I went with a Lenovo Thinkpad tablet--but as we haven't received it yet, I don't know yet if that adage is true. We'll see...
tablet_coby|Unit cpu speed seems slower than others and dump the GetJar and download amazon app store directly and makes the tablet worth a million more dollars since GetJar sux. Nice that it has a memory card expansion and can be connected with cpu so pictures and music can be added directly.
tablet_coby|Bought one month ago for baby boy 6 years old. It gets too hot toward bottom very quickly especially when downloading apps. It is so hot that I fear the young boy's hands can burn. It's too hot even for me, a grown man! Coby Kyros 7-Inch Android 4.0 4 GB Internet Tablet 16:9 Capacitive Multi-Touch Widescreen Black MID7035-4. Very difficult to download apps using GetJar. Most of the time message says "failed to install". Basically bought the tablet to download education material like reading, math etc. Doesn't seem to work. Crashed within the first hour of use. Blank white screen won't shut down. Had to drain the battery overnight and recharge in the morning and reset the whole thing. Downloaded a simple math. Message came "X Application not installed". Need help from anyone!
tablet_coby|i love this tablet i just came in the mail today and i opened it right up and was pleased to see it properly pack edged, but there were scratches on the back of it and i liked that it had great speed. the plastic screen protector is very flimsy if you are not careful it will crack very easily like mine did.
tablet_coby|I purchased this tablet for my mom's upcoming birthday. What attracted me to it was the $99 price tag, the 1 GB of RAM, upgradeable storage, and since this is Coby's updated 7 inch tablet, the compatibility with the Amazon market. The tablet has several major flaws. First, the one little speaker. The sound was terrible, muffled, distorted, (insert adjective here). Second, although there is no Google Play, my previous experience with the 1mobilemarket and the Amazon market was positive, so I figured I would install them and have access to most of the desired apps. However, both markets had issues installing, downloading and updating apps, you name it. The next flaw is that even without the apps, the tablet would crash on occasion from casual web browsing and had to be reset several times. The battery life would last around 3 hours of moderate use at best, depending on the level of brightness that was selected. The clarity of the screen is ok, but when compared to a higher quality tablet, there is a huge difference. I had high hopes for this tablet, but for $99, you get what you pay for.
tablet_coby|i like this itam u can do every thing u wont and more its like an i pad but better love it and its good for ur kids
tablet_coby|The USB host/keyboard adapter was not included in the box. Thus I am unable to attach the keyboard purchased Would appreciate shipment to the same address. Let me know
tablet_coby|didnt like it at all. junk sold it as soon as i got it. DIDNT NOT LIKE . DO NOT BUY
tablet_coby|Horrible tablet will b returning it doesn't even run all of its own apps very disappointed guess u get what u pay for
tablet_coby|I ordered two of these for my boys for Christmas, I thought this would be a wonderful Christmas gift. I got these and immediately wanted to set them up for the boys. We got them both set up and now I can't get one of them back on. We have tried to charge it, but it still will not come on. For $100 I figured I would get a good product the boys could both enjoy. Now one of my boys has to wait for me to ship it and get a refund so i can go out to best buy and actually buy a tablet i know we can rely on. This is the worst tablet I have ever seen, I am not happy with this at all. I will let everyone know not to buy a Coby tablet. I have used amazon in the past and my boyfriend orders stuff off amazon religiously, but now we are both very unsatisfied. I do not plan on ordering from Amazon anymore. I would rather pay the extra money to have a good product I know will be good. This was a terrible experience I am not willing to take again. VERY UNHAPPY customer. :( I will get a refund for the tablet and never shop on here again. I thought we actually found an awesome website, but we can't trust it.
tablet_coby|This product is poor. I bought this for my 9year old son thinking, it's not to spendy, I'll give it a try! I think many parents think the same. DON'T get it! Unless your child did something horrible and you want to punish them by severe disappointment!It has a sub par app store called, get jar. It has junk apps. You can't get google play off of it to make it better. I had to go to amazon and download their app store, it's ok but it's not google play.Getjar also doesn't have Netflix.Oh and by the way it's super buggy, it says if it won't turn on(and at some point it won't, take a paper clip to the reset button. Did that and it still wouldn't turn back on.)A working tablet is a must,having an app store that isn't junk also a must. If you just want to surf the web, watch YouTube or check email you may be happy with it, if it doesn't stop working. Oh, the fb app is junky too...We are Returning it and spending the extra money on a better tablet. Nexus 7 or a kindle fire hd.This is not worth the frustration. If I had the choose to buy this or have nothing,I would choose nothing. This is junk.
tablet_coby|I bought two of these for my childrens Christmas.....they are a pieces of Trash.......I have worked all day trying to get an App to instal and nothing will work.....They ruined my childrens Christmas! They will be going back to the store as soon as we can get there!!! I would NOT recommend any to buy these....Especially for a child Christmas gift...They are left disappointed on Cristmas Day!!! Thanks COBY KYROS!!!!!!!!!!
tablet_coby|I did not listen to other reviews and bought this tablet.... DON'T! Nothing about it works. Very disappointed. It will not connect to WiFi. The apps are terrible.
tablet_coby|This was not a good product I am very unhappy with it I will be calling soon to see if it is to late to return.Terrible!!!!!
tablet_coby|it doesn't have a rear cameraam really disappointed other issueno Google playcannot view the catagure of external usb connected via OTG+ made in chinai would really know before i buy !other thing .. good appearing high quality nice eBook reader and support my language
tablet_coby|This is not a tablet you want to buy a waste of money you can't do much of anything on it I am thinking of returning mine to be honest
tablet_coby|The description clearly says 2 2.0 USB and 2 3.0 USB. There is one USB and 1 HDMI. Very disappointing.
tablet_coby|The wireless connection is something to be desired. Bought 2 tablets different addresses and cannot connect wireless. DSL and FIOS., Returning both....Sad...Everything else I have purchased...5 STARS
tablet_coby|I bought this tablet for one of the kids....it worked for 1 hour, i turned it off, then couldn't get it to come back on, after several attempts, i just returned it. Yes it was fully charged. I will not buy Coby products.....I would rather spend alittle more money for a better product...lesson learned....
tablet_coby|I have this product for a day and there were more then a few things wrong with it. I couldn't connect to the net, till 4 hours of trying. I got on the application list finally and tried to download skype, (since my fiancee is stationed over seas and so this is our best communication.)I couldn't get on google, I couldn't even download the updates. It had gotten old, I wasn't able to watch video's and the music quality was crap. I will NEVER buy this again.
tablet_coby|Very difficult to get connected to the wi-fi.....Have to reset tablet numerous times for it finally decides to latch on....appears to work reasonably after connects.....very disappointed with product.
tablet_coby|You have to root to install google apps.Screen size is ok, definition is also good enough.Coby inc. should provide more information.
tablet_coby|Nothing works on these. Purchased for my kids to put ebooks on. So I purchased books for ebooks.com and of they come int the standard epub. Well Android on this system does not recognize adobe editions. So all of the ebooks I purchased for my kids don't work. Over $150 for books and they are limited to read them on my mac book.Where is the standardization. JUNK!
tablet_coby|I purcahased this tablet to use while I sent my zenithink in for repairs. The coby doesn't feel natural in my hand, it's too flat , it doesn't mesh with my hand. Also I learned the hard way that since it doesn't meet googles android operating system requirements that it is not recognised by the app store and you can't download anything from it. Now this almost makes this tablet a paperweight right there. It does have its own vesion of an app store called the &#34;get jar&#34; but it has such a limited selection that its next to useless. If that wasn't enough the browser constantly freezes and I get the dreaded browser not responding prompt and have to push wait and then wait for it to respond. The dictionary is all but empty and the spell check /auto complete appears to have a mind of its own. Having used the zenithink and the samsung for extended periods of time, my opinion is that this tablet is way overpriced and needs a year maybe two in furthur development before its consumer ready.
tablet_coby|I am extremely disappointed with this tablet. It is slow and the screen keeps freezing. I wish I would have waited and got a laptop. Please do not buy this product.
tablet_coby|Can i conect it to my hotspot??cuz i have a hot spot on my phone and i want to order this tablet but i need to kno if it can do that? Any helpers?
tablet_coby|Its not what I expected. It doesn't do what I needed. It does not have Google Play so you can not down load a lot of stuff.
tablet_coby|I take this option por a gift but now I want it to me. It's a very good and nice.
tablet_coby|it does not allow me to get the things that im use to on a regular computer. i wish i had brought kindle fire. it allows all kinds of interesting downloads, ect. What the heck is up with GETJAR. Where did something like that come from? it's the worst, i need my internet exployer, not this junk!!! would not recommend this to my mother-in law....yuck
tablet_coby|Google Play does not support this device, thus, I cannot download any apps from the Google Play. I would not buy this item had I known of the limitation.
tablet_coby|Screen sucks, not responsive, very slow, no google play only getjar which has nothing ! Can't figure out how to root.
tablet_coby|It's an OK tablet. It doesn't allow for most android apps to be downloaded, only apps that can be downloaded are thru their app store. Most popular apps are thru Google Playstore which the tablet does not support. If given a choice would not purchase in future. I feel Coby should express such information before allowing people to purchase their items.
tablet_coby|Ordered a Coby Kyros: it came, powered up to a white screen. I returned it. Ordered another one. After half a day it went to a white screen. My grandson was crushed. I am not a happy Nana!!
tablet_coby|Very nonfunctional, slow, poor graphic, poor touch screen. Applications will not open right-of-way. Very poor product. Its not worth spending money on it!.
tablet_coby|This tablet, is cute.. easy to start off with learning how to use it. But would not recommend it as an adult gift. More for a child. In there teens
tablet_coby|I bought this for my 8 yr old son, but it doesn't even play simple game apps that he likes to play. The only apps it will operate are cheap looking knockoff apps. The graphics on this tablet remind me of the early 1990s and the casing is so cheap feeling I don't think it would have survived long. For the price I don't even think you are getting what you pay for.
tablet_coby|I don't recomend this tablet. It does not support Google Play. It is very dificult download games and App on this tablet. The Embebed download program of Coby sucks!
tablet_coby|Its not workingI hate itMy child was very very very dis pointedI reternt it backNot working
tablet_coby|Purchased this as a Christmas gift in December 2012 and now it is dead.....not even 5 months after purchase.Very disappointed!
tablet_coby|BUENO EL PRODUCTO ME SALIO DA&Ntilde;ADO CUANDO SE ENCIENDE AL RATO SE APAGA SOLA Y SE INICIA DE NUEVO PERECE QUE FUERA EL SISTEMA
tablet_coby|me gusta el producto muy bueno, es un excelente producto que acabo de comprar. y me llego a tiempo. lo esperaba
tablet_coby|My cousin bought it and couldn't get enough of it. Unfortunately, he went back to his home town in Mexico and they stole it. Is there a place for the thief to post a review! LOL!!
tablet_coby|Im came to me broken I hated th play store getjar the cam was dark I jus did not like it
tablet_coby|We purchased 2 of these for our 3 yr old twins. Obviously we did not want to spend a lot on a tablet because of their age so we decided to give these a chance. At first, I was disappointed that google play was not available on there but after some research I was able to "jailbreak" it.To add google play to Coby Kyro tablets or any device that does not have google play follow these instructions. Make sure to have Wi-Fi turned on. Enjoy. =)On your tablet:Under go under system settings>Security>Unknown Sources, make sure this is checked for "allow installation of non-Market apps and then go under Developer Options and make sure USB debugging box is checked. Now your tablet is ready to allow these installs.On your home computer download this attachment - [...]Connect your coby to your PC in USB mode, then copy the downloaded file &#8220;update&#8221; to the root directory of the tablet. Disconnect from your PC.Then in your tablet go to:Settings > About tablet > System updates > Install system update > From internal storage > Install nowThen your tablet will shutting down and installs automatically the update.Then press the power button to select option &#8220;Reboot system now&#8221;It will now be ready to download these files in this order. After you finish installing these find the market app in your apps section and click on it. You will either have to register or sign in to your google account. Once this is done you are finished =)1st download - [...]2nd download - [...]3rd download - [...]4th download - [...]5th download - [...]
tablet_coby|This tablet is a basic one, it leaves much to be desired...the operating system can be slow and the apss n games leave much to be desired.
tablet_coby|And waist of money don't buy it u would regret doing that. Save your money and buy something good don't buy
tablet_coby|I purchased this tablet on Jan. 18 for $173.09 and now you're selling it for $162.99. If you wish to keep your customers you should give them a rebate matching the lower price. This is wrong and you shouldn't treat customers this way. It's deceptive and shouldn't be allowed. It's only been 15 days since I bought it and I received it on the 25th. All you've done is make me think of going elsewhere to purchase any further tablets I may be in the market for.Coby Kyros 9.7-Inch Android 4.0 8 GB Internet Tablet 4:3 Capacitive Multi-Touchscreen with Built-In Camera, Black MID9740-8
tablet_coby|This tablet is a complete waste of time. Save yourself the headache I am going thru. Sending it back, restocking fees and going out locally to buy a REAL tablet that runs REAL apps!Example - cannot even access the android marketplace on this so-called android tablet.Don't waste your time - I already did that for you.
tablet_coby|very limited out of the box. restricted access to google play store. too many technical & copyright issues for the consumer to grapple with. i was quite disappointed with it
tablet_coby|Please people listen, when i got this i was not aware there is NO PLAY STORE/(ANDROID MARKET). This turns out to be much more dissapointing that i thought. Getjar is worthless, Amazon Appstore is your only hope. But eveven that doesnt come close to good. Alot of apps/games i want are not there. Even if your able to find aSuitible substitute app, it probly wont work good. Idk if its the processor or what, but you can't browse the net or use Apps because the system hangs REPEATEDLY, while its frozen you cant do anything. Eventually it says to wait or close. Seems like thats all i see anymore, yea it has ics on it but its really no good without a play storeAnd believe me with all the problems/lagging/hanging/slowness, there is a reason google wont put their stampOf approval on this. I got a galaxy tab 2 for christmas, its So much better. For a few more bucks get yourself a better device, with the play store and save yourself the HEADACHE...YOU WILL REGRET THIS PURCHASE.
tablet_coby|The tablet came as described, and works just fine. No dead pixels, everything worked great out of the box. As a matter of fact, it's a pretty decent piece of hardware for the price. That's where the positives stop though. First off, the construction of this tablet is relatively cheap. The screen is ok, touch sensitivity is really rough compared to higher end tablets, and the overall construction feels almost fragile. Battery life is somewhat dissapointing right out of the box, I hate to think of what it'll be in a few years. It was a nightmare finding a hard-case for this specific tablet. This was important, as the kids will be mainly using it. There is no otter-box or proper protection available for this product from what I have gathered. I ended up getting a leather flip cover for it, which will hopefully keep it somewhat safe. I was warned from other reviews that the "GetJar" app center was garbage, but I was truly surprised at the lack of ANY legitimate software for this tablet. And no other shopping centers work so far... no Amazon, no Google, obviously no Apple.... It doesn't even have the Android Marketplace. There is no NetFlix support, very limited gaming selection, and everything else in the store is 3rd rate knockoff garbage. I can not state firmly enough that the GetJar app center is a massive disappointment full of advertisement laden knockoff apps. This limits the tablet to the basics of music player, web browser, e-reader and personal assistant. If that's all you'll use the tablet for, then it is a good product for the price. Otherwise, I would highly recommend spending more for a proper name-brand tablet.
tablet_coby|Tablet does not allow use of Android Market so is severely limited in what apps it can download and use. There was no indication in the product description of this fact. GetJar is not as user friendly as advertised with restricted applications/use - I am returning the item.
tablet_coby|good looking tablet. but thats it. not compatible with the android market place or google play. which basically means that you don't have access to any major apps: netflix, hbo go, google maps etc.i received this tablet as a xmas gift, and I'm exchanging it for a samsung galaxy asap.
tablet_coby|This is only GetJar doesn't have the android market. You are Better off getting a nook. And I think they might be cheaper.
tablet_coby|it sucks will not let go get stuff from google play store it is slow the touch dont work right
tablet_coby|Worst tablet I have dealt with. It says built in camera but read carefully because it only has one on the front. Does not come with the Android playstore or marketplace...instead comes with a crappy "getjar" app where you can download apps. They are terrible!!! No real games, no facebook app ((but yet there is twitter...)) and it is NOT easy to use AT ALL. I would not recommend this product for anyone. I got this for my grandmother for Christmas and I am severely disappointed. She is not very tech savvy as it is and teaching her this in 2 days is impossible. Get a Kindle Fire or something else. It is worth the extra money to get something that is user friendly, and not a pain in the butt!
tablet_coby|I purchased this item for my daughter... I'm unable to download the apps suck as angry birds, which she love so much... I would not recommend this item... I'll get her a &#34;real tablet&#34;
tablet_coby|Bought this for my 13yr old son thinking it would be similar to a cheap laptop. i was wrong. it freezes up a lot when trying to download apps, or just gives a error and says try again later. also cannot access the full features of some sites like facebook. their is no google play to get apps which i knew ahead but i thought getjar wouldnt be much off but its pretty sad no popular apps are available through getjar this tablet seems more like a very outdated cell phone buy a new more expensive tablet or a cheap laptop for a better value
tablet_coby|Received on time just now loading it up. Appears to be ok for the price. Good screen view.easy to use.
tablet_coby|The performance and size of the Coby was good, but in my ignorance in purchasing I did not realize that you could not download Google apps. (I thought all Androids were able to use Google apps.) Had to hire a technician to "hack" the tablet to enable me to download apps. Yes, it has it's own app source "Get Jar" - which is woefully inadequate. Sort of like buying at a surplus outlet rather than a name brand store. Not a great selection. Overall, you get what you pay for.
tablet_coby|We would not recommend the Coby Kyros for business usage. It does not fast enough to make product presentations and it takes a very long time to open large files.
tablet_coby|One reason I bought this was to be able to stream video to my TV, and it says you just have to get an HDMI cord in order to do this. However, this device is not able to download a flashplayer that's needed to run some online TV shows and movies. It does fine with browsing the internet and with the games I have downloaded. The front facing camera works OK for skype, but can't use it to take pictures of stuff. Since I used Discover Cashback to cover about 66% of this purchase, it works out to be a great deal for me.
tablet_coby|The first week i bought this tablet and uploaded my pdf textbooks, it started freezing. So far, Aldiko, used for reading has close unexpectedly like 20 times. The wifi is so so weak, that i was beside another person with an ipad, he has internet through his wifi and I can't; that sucks. The camera is poor, but i dnt care. As long as it doesnt freeze frequently while i'm reading im good. Overall, this tablet is nt a good choice at all, save money and get and ipad or something better than this. Trust me, dnt go for it.Update: Althought I posted an angry comment about this tablet, but so far I only need it for my pdf and its really serving the purose. The amazing part is the flash drive port that it has but ipad doesnt gave it a plus over Ipad
tablet_coby|You cannot use or get Google Pay apps. The G Jar (there apps store) does not  the apps of the Google Play has. The G Jar does not even have any main or big bank APPs like Bank of America, Chase ECT. When I got this piece of crap I wanted watch Netflix on it and it not even compatible to even run it.I bought 2 of these one for me and for a family member and they hate it too.I just wish I can return them and get a real tablet. But I am past the 30 days.Hay if you want to get a tablet and cheap got to a pawn shop and real one.
tablet_coby|Hola! gracias por enviarla rapido espero llegue pronto a mi pais para poder disfrutar del producto en cuestion ya quiero probarlo y dejar una opinion mas completa de mi eperiencia con este producto es todo por ahora bye
tablet_coby|The tablet works ok without any performance problems, but the wireless connection is very weak. You have to stand almost in front of the router in order for it to connect. After a short period of about 5 minutes, it would drop the wireless connection. Sometimes, I had to turn the wireless off and on multiple times for it to detect the network and connect.This problem of not being able to keep a network connection makes the tablet unusable. Another down side to this tablet is that it does not have GooglePlay. Instead, it comes with the Getjar market place. There's no application in Getjar that I want. Basically, this tablet is useless with the networking problem and lack of GooglePlay.
tablet_coby|this product is exelent bought it fr my sister in law she is enjoying this product everyday she look at it
tablet_coby|The good.Movie player and music player apps are great and can watch movies from SD card without issues.web browser is fine and does all you would require (unless you want to watch any flash player content)The Bad.First of all, the battery can last as short as 45 mins of constant use.cannot run flash player, so no access to netflix.The inbuilt memory wants to put all apps on the 250mb boot drive meaning you fill the memory real quick and after 20 or so apps your storage is full (even with a massive SD card)The real kicker and why i am so dissapointed with this machine, is the fact that it is not compatible with the google play android market.So 90% of the apps i wanted to use were unavailable to me.Getting the machine to boot up at times can be a nightmare as it sits there for up to 10 mins showing the coby screen.After only having the thing for a week or so i have had to use a pin to reset it 6 times as it can just lock up and do nothing.not a good buy imo.
tablet_coby|Purchased one of these new. It would not connect with the router unless your were holding it virtually on top of it. All my other laptops of various makes, HP, Accer, Dell and 1st gen Ipad, Wii game console etc. detect and hook up with the rotor which is one story down. They also pick up all of the other routers operating in the neighborhood within a block or so. Not this one. In the instruction booklet it says you must be within 300 feet of the router - try 3 feet.When it did hook up, the browser would not open any web pages. I sent it back and will bite the bullet and spring for another Ipad.
tablet_coby|Just received the product, pulled it out of the box, got 100% charge on the battery and it will NOT let me turn on the WiFi! I have a wireless router in addition to a personal hotspot available for connection, but the device wont even let me turn WiFi on to connect to any of the available connections! I guess you really do get what you pay for. Went to the Coby sight for troubleshooting...no help.
tablet_coby|Can't ask more for the price, but expected the item to perform better based on previous reviews listed. It constantly locks up. Camera has very bad resolution, does not have the reverse camera and the quality is very bad. While using Adobe reader or other epub reader the performance is very slow, screen turning is not as I expected. Very disappointed with its performance, not a good buy. There are other products of similar price that are much better than this one.
tablet_coby|My son just got this yesterday and already this so much going wrong. At just 35% battery it flashes off and on continusly I haven't fully charged it yet but that can't be normal. Google play won't download and google plus keeps crashing as soon as it opens. The app center that comes on there barely have anything, Netflix took two times to download it on here. I hate that there is only a front camera so I guess he can only take pics of himself. I am so irked, I hope this is just a defected one which is still bad but this can't be as good as it get.
tablet_coby|I was originally excited to see such a great deal on a large tablet. I ordered it right away. It turns out you can't get any good apps because you can't use google play app store. I tried rooting the thing, but it was complex. If you do searches for drivers, rooting or google play, you will see what everyone else is experiencing. It was also sluggish at times. Save yourself the time and energy and avoid this item. I have decided to pay the $200 more and get an iPad. I have an android phone, so I understand the OS and how it works.. I like my phone (although I liked my iPhone better).BOTTOM LINE: SKIP THIS ITEM, THERE IS A REASON IT IS SO CHEAP!!!!
tablet_coby|It has a few apps that you can download, but not the ones you want. Like facebook or netflixs. I got this for my mother so it would be easier for her to navigate then her computer. I am sending it back!!!
tablet_coby|so far so good ,hope it holds up 2 my only Daughter's abuse. Works good except she says she can,t video chat skype on it ???
tablet_coby|This is my worst bought item ever. Since I bought the coby for my husband n i. It has been giving trouble, it freezes, don't run my programs, I can't even download game apps from amazon app store and I can't connect to the sever for my email to be set up. I want some form of refund back for all coby's we bought.
tablet_coby|The attraction to this device is the screen size and price, but right out of the box it was slow; add a few apps and it only gets slower.It is virtually unusable.
tablet_coby|Amazon.com shipped this very fast and was well packed but didn't run well out of the box with a full charge. First no Google play store or flash player. Second, Adobe stopped android flash player downloads so no luck on this one. Apps run very slow even if you can download them. My biggest complaint was the unit kept twitching on screen so playing the unit was darn near impossible. on off on off. Even on a full charge it was twitchy so I sent this one back. For the money do yourself a BIG favor and order yourself a Samsung Galaxy 2 7.0.
tablet_coby|First of all let me tell you that all those reviews which mention that this is all you get for the money you pay - BS! This product is not even worth the 150$ I spent on it.I have an Apple Ipod 4G, a dell laptop, an ASUS laptop and I wanted this device just to read e-books, mainly my course material. And I chose a cheap one because, well I'm a student and I wanted a cheap 10" tablet. Let me share my experience.First of all, all the hardware which they say are in there - 1GHz processor, 1 GB RAM. Don't fall for it. Its not worth it. I was expecting this tablet to be slow, but did not expect it to get downright faulty! I did not install many apps - just two angry birds games, two browsers and two ebook readers. I knew it would take up phone memory so I tried to minimize my apps so that my browsing and reading experience wont be affected. But let me tell you, 5 mins into the tablet I was already regretting the decision.Each and every app which is running in the background or foreground keeps throwing "App not responding" message at you every 10 seconds. Even if you close it, they'll restart some services again and again the message would come up. Being a techie, I even explored the developer options and tried reducing background apps to 16, 8, 4 and even none. NONE of it worked. It started getting downright ugly. I switched off animations and transitions, I unchecked graphics acceleration, tried my level best to reduce the processor's utilization. Before opening an app I would open task manager and kill all processes.But God help me. I couldn't even load google in my browser, let alone other pages. Even 10 seconds, the tablet would freeze and in another 10 seconds it would unfreeze and the cycle would repeat again. I did expect some sort of sluggishness from this low budget tablet, but this was damn right frustrating. My e-books were loading each page in 35 - 40 seconds. Even black and white books with no rendering required 10=20 seconds to load a page.I ended up packing the tablet after two weeks of complete frustration. I'm ordering an iPad 2. I trust Apple to do a much decent job with a 10" hardware, even if the price is a little on the high side.Please, my sincere request to you is, STAY AWAY from this!!! Save your money and buy an iPad. Down the lane you won't regret it. Or atleast go for some other standard company. I got this piece of junk after reading so many reviews and watching and comparing so many youtube videos. But thank you Amazon for taking this back and giving me my full money. I'll never do this mistake again and I won't recommend this even to an enemy!
tablet_coby|Why are 20 or more words required for a review? Can't I just give it two starts? Come on. Don't make it so difficult to review things.
tablet_coby|basically it is a piece of crap. the apps suck. its super slow my iphone 4 does more and is faster, alot faster. coby should be ashamed for putting out this product. i asked for a i pad and i got a piece of plastic that lights up. the camera sucks no google play no face book lol. how is that possible.ith products like this coby wont be in bussines long all i can do is shake my head and hope that i can return it. thanks coby for ruining my christmas DO NOT BUY THIS,DO NOT BUY THIS, DO NOT BUY THIS!!!!!!
tablet_coby|The lack of access to the Google market place for apps made this useless to us, we sent it back and purchased a different brand (an Acer) that allowed marketplace access.
tablet_coby|I received my tablet yesterday, and still have yet to be able to get on internet for more than 5 minutes! It's shows excellent connection to my home wifi and my PC is on same connection with no prob...any suggestions?
tablet_coby|I have an issue with my tablet when I try to pass picture o change programs doesn't respond as it suposed to do!
tablet_coby|I purchased this for my grandson. I am very disappointed. It has no decent app store. The one it comes with is a joke.Cannot get Netflix loaded. Amazon will not recognize it as a valid device. ( surprising since they sold it). Of course I opened it so now I own it. Buyer beware..
tablet_coby|dont buy this no wifi and coby will not help you. we tried all the coby sites no help. you will be better off saveing for a apple.
tablet_coby|This is a good Ipad .Wroth of money.webcam is ok but not so good.sound quality is good.Battery backup also good.Easy to download apps.Over all it is a good product.
tablet_coby|I bought the tablet thinking that it was great value for the price quoted and also it came from coby and was being sold on Amazon. it worked fine the first time i used and once the battery died, i put it for recharging. That was it - it never worked again. it refused to start and i missed the 30 days return policy as i could not return it back before the expiry date. i think one should not buy a product when it the only one being sold in that price range as every other andriod 4 tablet is being sold at a minimum of 290+ where this was being sold for 100$.
tablet_coby|If the only reason you buy is for price, you will be happy. If there is anything else, you won't be. Not really compatible
tablet_coby|I thought I was getting a deal and it turned out to be a waste of money. It was average while it worked but the batter eventually stopped recharging. It is impossible to find a charger for this item, that is if it is the charger that is the problem. Instead of saving money on this purchase I am out $170.00 which could have been used to go toward an iPad.
tablet_coby|Not great for the money/apps. Gear apps for kids/games. Not great with some readinngs, no audio, can't even download any audio from this tablet. I am very dissapointed with'it. Good for kids.
tablet_coby|This tablet is good for a person who has no knowledge about tablets, a person who would just check emails and surfing the net.Pros:-big screen-cheap-nice to watch movies on it-it acts as a keyboard when writing message-HDMI, USB portsCons:-awkard rectangle shape-horrible app store-pre installed apps suck-no google play or netflix-takes forever to download apps-very slow- Doesn't really recognize your SD card. There is no file app to look through or open up ext sd card files.-speakers are horribleThe only good thing about this tablet is the size don't waste your money. I did download the amazon app store which was better than getjar.
tablet_coby|The Tablet was not user friendly. It was hard to go from folder to folder Surfing the net was equally as hard.
tablet_coby|I returned this tablet the same day I got it. I couldn't load Facebook mobile or Firefox. When viewing my e-mail in it's browser it ran VERY slowly. Didn't like it at all.
tablet_coby|Do not buy this piece of crap. It is painfully slow, gets hung up all the time, and doesn't have acces to Google play, which means that you can only get a bunch of second-rate apps. I got mine to use for work, and it is so vastly inferior to the samsung galaxy tablet that I already have that I almost want to trash it. The only redeeming feature, and really the only reason that I haven't tossed it out of a moving car in frustration, is the ten inch screen. The final straw came this evening when I tried to watch a video streamed from Amazon. Sadly, even though this tablet was bought through Amazon, it doesn't have Flash, whcih means that I can't watch anything streamed from this site.Spend the extra money and get yourself a real tablet.
tablet_coby|We just bought this item brand new on Amazon on 7/1/2012. Our 1st tablet and what a disappointment.- Speaker sound is so bad you cannot use as a media player or voice calls or anything else- Camera quality is horrible. Terrible dark image.- Touchscreen flaky. Not responsive as Apple products- Battery time is not as stated in specs. Maybe 3 hrs at best- This device (manufacture) has locked out the use of Android Apps via Google. Only apps you can get are from Amazon- Many more problems
tablet_coby|THE TOUCH SCREEN SOMETIMES DELAY IN RESPONDING, THE PARDON,THE REAR CAMERA ALREADY KNEW IT,NOT HAVING GOOGLE PLAY THING MAKES ALMOST A DECORATION ARTICLE THERE ARE OTHER MARKET BUT GIVE GRIEF. (WHICH COMES INSTALLED BRINGS FREE APPS BUT ARE WORTH WHAT THEY COST).IF COBY EXECUTIVES PLEASE SEE THIS UPDATE IN ORDER TO HAVE GOOGLE PLAY BUY 5 OF THESE AND I AM DISAPPOINTED BY THIS.NOT RECOMMENDTHERE ARE 5 1 STAR RATINGS ARE GOING.IF YOU COULD QUALIFY 5 TIMES 1 STAR... BUT NOT I CANbueno luego de mucho buscar halle esto: y bien aparecio google play esto le aumenta unas estrellas mas por que permite facilmente hacerle root y funciona realmente bien:[...]para coby7032,7034,7036,7048,8048para root e instalar gapps, que es playstore.Descargar root_gapps_signed.zipColoque en sdcardCambie el nombre a update.zipluego en la tablet:Configuraci&oacute;n > informacion de tablet > system updates > Instalar actualizaci&oacute;n de sistema > de almacenamiento interno > instalar ahora Apply update from sd card (moviendo tecla volumen) luego el de apagarEscoger update. Zip con la tecla de volumen y la de apagarDespu&eacute;s de la actualizaci&oacute;n completareiniciar el sistema ahorapara unroot y poner de fabrica:Descargar unroot_telechips_signed.zipColoque en sdcard us&eacute; sdcard interna en este momento no tengo un repuesto micro sdcard.Cambie el nombre a update.zipConfiguraci&oacute;n > copia de seguridad y restablecer > restablecer datos de f&aacute;brica > Reset tablet > Borrar todoTras reset completo, tablet se reiniciar&aacute; a s&iacute; mismo {Configuraci&oacute;n > acerca de tablet > actualizaciones del sistema > Instalar actualizaci&oacute;n de sistema > de almacenamiento interno > instalar ahoraDespu&eacute;s de actualizaci&oacute;n completa, tablet se reiniciar&aacute; a s&iacute; mismoAhora ser&aacute; con no gappsLa tableta est&aacute; ahora f&aacute;brica, stock de IE, siempre y cuando no otros cambios a Tablet PC m&aacute;s all&aacute; de este hilo.
tablet_coby|Limited apps available on this device. Many Android apps from Google NOT available, only apps from Koby store. Do not like it
tablet_coby|I wanted to get a 'cheap' tablet and that's I guess what I got. Time is money, and this thing would have cost me a lot! Waiting for webpages to download was brutally slow, multitasking was nonexistent AND it didn't have the Google Play store - I knew it didn't have the Play store, was going to root it which would have slowed it down even more and rooting this piece of junk is not the easiest task....sucked it up, bought the 10.1&#34; Note and am more than happy with that.
tablet_coby|Poorly designed, a prime example of buyer beware. With its oddly shaped case that has a camera in the corner, it is almost impossible to find a case that will fit it. Access to apps is very limited because it does not have access to Google Play. If this is typical of COBY engineering, I would not recommend any COBY product. Battery dies quickly and most apps I have tried run like the tablet is full of quicksand.
tablet_coby|the wifi speed is extremely low!!!even much lower than my smart phone which is not acceptable. my internet speed is 400KB/S,but it takes me 4min to download 4M!!! I cannot use it to watch online video. and the screen is not IPS, thus it provides the user a very narrow angle of vision. I did not return it because of the complex process.
tablet_coby|I am a student with no laptop and no smartphone. I have been trying to save money for a tablet for a while, and then received an Amazon gift certificate for Christmas. This was the only tablet that was completely covered by the gift certificate, and after much soul-searching I decided to "spend it all in one place" and go for it. I am thrilled to be able to see my school's website and class power points on the go - however, it took a lot to get there.The touch screen and on screen keyboard are better than expected. The wi-fi is intuitive and excellent. The pre-installed web browser was not supported by my college's online program at all. I tried installing Chrome (the suggested browser) - however, as noted in most other reviews, this tablet cannot access google play, and play is the only place to download chrome. So I tried installing firefox from Mozilla's website - which redirected me to google play. I searched the pre-installed app store - GetJar - however NOTHING I attempted to download from there would work, it would give me an error message. So then I installed Amazon apps. That got me *some* apps (many are not even available for download onto this tablet)... however, every time I exited out of Amazon apps and then tried to enter back into it, the appstore wouldn't load and would give me only a black screen and search bar that did nothing. I worked around this by uninstalling and re-installing Amazon apps each time I wanted to use it, which was tedious. Meanwhile, I still couldn't get a browser that worked on my school website. So, all I could do was check my email and facebook, and view pictures from my sd card. Definitely not worth $100. A friend found a link to download firefox after some serious searching. Once I installed firefox, I was able to connect to my school's website and view our online syllabi and power points, but each time a screen loads it still gives me an error message that I must click out of. That raised this from two stars to three. Finally, I found. on the Coby wesite, instructions on how to get GetJar to work (you have to access GetJar from the Coby website, not the widget that comes pre-installed). However, the GetJar site ended up not being worth any of the hassle. But, Pandora installed and works great. I can read any office document, but need to pay $15 if I want to be able to CREATE anything, inlcuding any word documents. Back down to two stars. I ordered a keyboard/case, and then a usb-to-mini-usb adapter to make it work, and it hooked up instantly and worked with no problems, so that brought it back to three stars. I am planning on trying the reset described in an earlier review and hoping that google play will then work - but I am not holding my breath.Another serious problem that I have not yet solved is its complete refusal to record sound. It plays songs fine, but the camera (front facing only, so can really only be used for skyping and the like) is very poor quality, and will NOT record sound. An email to Coby customer support has gone unanswered. Apps that have high star ratings don't work either. So no recording of class lectures with this baby!If you need the ability to compose word documents you will have to pay for an upgrade to the pre-installed office program at $15. If you want to record sound it will cost you more - perhaps a microphone, or better yet a completely different gadget at $30 or more. If you want to take pictures, again you will have to buy a different gadget - either a phone with a camera or a camera itself - this one has its camera facing the screen and is poor quality and zero flash. But if you want to be able to surf the web and check your email on a screen larger than a phone, this one will do it.In summary, had I been able to afford a slightly more new-technology or bigger brand tablet, I would never give this tablet a second thought. However, considering that if this tablet had not been available I wouldn't have one at all, it isn't all THAT bad. Better than having none at all, but if you can afford a slightly higher quality brand, do so.
tablet_coby|i bought a keyboard for it and it broke the port office depot said it was a manufacturing error for not being put together properly but coby wont replace it DO NOT BUY!!!!!!!!!!!
tablet_coby|Bought it for my daughter for Christmas. It turned on for about 20 minutes, then shut off and never turned back on again. I called Toys R Us and they discontinued that tablet because the manager said he literally had a room full of returns after the holidays. He explained there had been problems "left and right" with that particular tablet and recommended I get a Kindle Fire instead, which I did. Waste of money; I can't believe they even stock those on shelves knowing what garbage they are.
tablet_coby|Was not aware that this tablet was not compatible with Google Play. My kids are very disappointed that they can't get the games they wanted. Get Jar is a horrible option and to download free apps from amazon, I still have to put my credit card info in. I'm not ok with that!
tablet_coby|The charging port has broke TWICE. It's sensitive and stupid. Why can't the charging system be like any other charger? I'm not rough by any means. I had shell shock after the first break. Now I just want my money back! Getjar sucks too! Emusic?! Puke music! Nothing would pop up to let me download and I had to give them my cc info just to get my free credit and they charged me 11.99 anyways. totally dissatisfied. It wouldn't let me put 0 stars but my rating is actually -24 stars. I'll spend the extra money and get something better. Shame on you koby kyros. Cheap products = cheaply made. Lesson learned.
tablet_coby|Bought it thinking I'd have my iPad to myself, but this tablet did not allow the downloads they wanted. :(
tablet_coby|The add states that this item comes with Google Chrome, that is not correct and when calling tech support I was put on hold forever just to be told to call Amazon and return the item for false advertisement. Also the calendar app that came with it does not work and it takes several tries to use any app, the machine constantly gives a app not responding alert and then shuts the app down. I am so disappointed in this tablet. I am hoping Amazon will take it back so I can get one that actually works how it states it does.
tablet_coby|Not enough instructions with purchase or online. Very frustrating! I would have expected a more detailed user manual or Help line.App selection is very limited and tablet cannot access Google Play apps. which is disappointing.I would like to see Coby supply more documentation/online help.
tablet_coby|Love it, and my son is teaching me ways to use it. I also bought the 10.2 cover and it fits just perfectly. Boss loved my combination and is thing of purchasing same.
tablet_coby|Just search google for "play store apk" install it and stick it to the man, Apple and their over priced junk that is. This Coby can even be used as a free phone with Google Voice and Talkatone including text messages !
tablet_coby|Sadly, I am returning this item after a week of frustration with it. My main motivation for getting a tablet this size was so that I could connect to a keyboard and be able to write, anywhere, any time, and have the option of listening to music at the same time.It's just not possible. I'm confident the item was in good condition and Amazon is not at fault, but it just won't do two things at once. My attempt to listen to a playlist and use a word processing app resulted in distortion of the music. Overall, it is the slowest, clunkiest computer of any kind that I have used in ages. If you touch the screen before your browser has fully loaded a page, it kindly informs you that the browser is not responding and asks if you would like to close it. It integrates poorly with Google apps. Its wifi connection is unreliable. The screen is often unresponsive, and the orientation shift is clumsy. I hate to think how a game like Angry Birds would play on it. I do not recommend this product.I gave my Kindle Fire to my husband because his KF was having problems recharging. I have missed it for a whole week. If the other Kindle continues to have trouble, I will buy a new Kindle Fire HD in preference to a larger tablet.
tablet_coby|I purchased the Coby Kyros 10.1-Inch for my wife. It was a decent price and seemed to be exactly what she needed, however, after receiving it we were less than pleased. There is no way to get Google Play apps on this, and so cannot download any apps that are provided through them. There is talk of 'rooting' it to provide this service, but with it being so new there isn't any reliable instructions on how to do this. The app download program that comes with it only offers a few free apps, none that I believe you could ever really use.Forget watching HD youtube videos on this. I'm not sure if it is the browser or the tablet but HD videos online take a long time to load, and once they do it freezes when playing to reload again. VERY FRUSTRATING!! (I know it's not the internet, because my laptop and smartphone play the same videos great.)This tablet may be a good price (a little expensive for what it offers though), but you will be VERY limited on what you can do. No HD youtube videos and no Google Play. The instructions that are provided leave a lot to be desired and this tablet can be very user unfriendly.Purchase with caution! (You get what you pay for!)
tablet_coby|I really wanted this tablet to work out. I owned a MID7022 for about 8 months before it died. Luckily I had purchased the warranty so figured I'd give Coby one more try. I really like the screen, response, look of ICS and price of the MID9042. And the 9" widescreen was perfect. Unfortunately I am returning it.My main problem was the internet surfing. The system would show:Status: ConnectedSignal Strength: ExcellentLink Speed: 58MbpsSecurity: WPA2 PSKIP address: *****However at the same time I would also get "Amazon.com might be temporarily unavailable". I would get this for numerous other sites as well. This would happen about 90% of the time. When I was able to surf it worked fine. I have no issues connecting and surfing with the wifi on my phone, netbook or laptop.I tried the reset option in settings, used the reset hole and reset the tablet to factory settings (hold down volume and power at the same time). Nothing helped. Very dissapointed.Now I'm trying to decide. Should I try one more MID9042? See if Amazon will eventually sell the MID1045? Or buy a refurb/used TF101, SL101 or Thrive from the Amazon Warehouse? I'd like one of the big name brand tablets but don't want to pay the high new device price.So very dissapointed this tablet did not work out for me.
tablet_coby|I received the device on a Friday afternoon. Up until Tuesday morning, it wouldn't connect to the wi-fi. Every other electronic equipment in my house works fine (and i have at least 3), but this tablet won't connect. It keeps saying "Out of range" when I'm sitting only 7 feet from the router.I called Coby on Tuesday morning, and was told to reset the device. It worked fine for about 2 minutes, then same problem started again. It won't connect to the wi-fi!I've only had it for 4 days, so i'm going to give it another 3 days before i send it back.The 9-inch form factor is perfect for me (thus the 2 stars), but the thing has to work!PS: They advertise it as being 1lb, put i put it on a scale, and it's actually 1.25 lbs.Will update soon...*Update 1: June 6, 2012 2-stars rating changed to 3So I returned the first unit to Amazon, and got a replacement. It took 1 hour and $50 for my ISP provider to make the tablet connect to the home wi-fi.Calling Coby customer care for over an hour did not resolve the issue.I had to pay $50 to my ISP provider for them to figure it out for me because the tablet is not their product.I also noticed that the tablet does not come with flash player already installed, so some websites do not work. I've downloaded a flash player from Getjar, yet still no success. I have to spend another half hour or so with their customer service today so they can tell me what to do.So overall this tablet cost me $250, which is 50 bucks way more than I was willing to pay for it. If you add in the over 2 days spent trying to get it to do the number one thing i bought it for (connect to internet), that irks.Depending on the wi-fi settings in your house or wherever you try to connect, this unit might not work. Whereby my old HP Touchpad connects everywhere, every time, without a hitch.**Update 2: June 11, 2012 - 3 stars rating changed to 2I finally found a flash player that works, but it only works with the native browser, not the Google chrome browser that i downloaded.I had to do my own research online to find the right Flash player, because Coby customer support was completely useless. The version that they suggested that i use didn't work, and they became very dismissive over the phone and rushed me off the phone when they saw that what they were suggesting wasn't working. Sad!So all and all, I will go from 3 stars rating to 2 stars because i shouldn't have gone through all that i went through to have this tablet do the No. 1 thing I bought for.It costs me overall $250, too much of my time and a lot of frustration.***Update 3: June 27, 2012 - 2 stars rating changed to 3; Would have given 3.5 if it was possible.Everything now works, except it's very slow. My small laptop with half the Ram of this tablet processes things faster. The tablet is very slow, no matter in what application I'm in, no matter how many applications are running at the same time. The sound is very low as well, so i use the headphones a lot.Not being able to use my Google calendar in it sucks big time! I removed the Google chrome browser and replaced it with Dolphin HD. Much better.So all and all, it took 3 weeks of troubleshooting, extensive internet search, hours over the phone with Coby CS, 2 returns and exchanges to have this thing work properly.If you plan to do anything other than basic internet surfing, you will get frustrated with this tablet if you don't have tons of patience.
tablet_coby|Let me first start by saying that this device is terrible. Ok, now here is why.1. It is running 4.03 without access to play store. For some this is not an issue, but most people need apps. When you hear of an app that you really want, be prepared to not be able to get it. They give you an app store called get jar, which is a joke. Get jar has no apps at all. With some Androids you can manually load Play Store, but this device is locked down. Impossible.2. This device is locked down. I could not even browse files on my own SD card, let alone play a movie or listen to music on my SD card. When I tried to download a file browser from crap jar I could not find one, but then again I could not search for one. Every search that actually managed to work came back with the same results. If I searched for butter I would get angry birds, if I searched for word processor I would get angry birds. Crap Jar3. The screen has an issue. When I would run searches on the web, it would erase what I entered in the search bar when I pressed the search button. This happened on several different sites, which means that it is the browser or the tablet, and being as I cannot load a different browser I have to live with it.4. The device is fast, but that is because there is nothing on it.Complete junk.Oh and you might want to carry around a pair of toe nail clippers to get the SD card in and out as regular human fingers just dont seem to cut it.Oh and the usb port is an off standard, so dont go thinking you can use any cables you already own.
tablet_coby|Excellent product for the unbelievable price! ...It was just what I was looking for and works prefect and correctly! ...I could not have picked a better ...5 Stars for esrte product! ..
